<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_874716_0000874716-16-000034_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11578237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134458</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>329745</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4448301</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3876087</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1715014</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000874716-16-000034.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101141056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000874716-16-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDEXX LABORATORIES INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				010393723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19271
		FILM NUMBER:		161964238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE IDEXX DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTBROOK
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04092-2041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2075560300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE IDEXX DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTBROOK
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04092-2041

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDEXX CORP / DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000874716-16-000034.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 c716-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 10Q Q3

UNITED STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)                                                   

[  X  ]          QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 

OR  

[   ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________.  

COMMISSION   FILE   NUMBER: 000-19271  

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes       No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405 of this chapter)   during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes       No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No         

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s   classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, $0.10 par value   per share  ,    was   89,  658,209   on   October    2  5  , 2016  . 

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.    

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

Table of Contents  

Item No.  

Page  

PART I     FINANCIAL INFORMATIO  N  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Condensed Co  nsolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016   and     December 31, 20  15  
				 
				 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Thre  e and Nine Months Ended September 30  ,   2016   and 20  15  
				 
				 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
				 
				 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
				 
				 6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
				 
				 7 

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
				 
				 22 

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
				 
				 39 

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures  
				 
				 40 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings  
				 
				 40 

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors  
				 
				 40 

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
				 
				 41 

Item 6.  

Exhibits  
				 
				 42 

Signatures  

43 

Exhibit Index  

PART I      FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.      Financial Statements.  

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.   AND   SUBSIDIARIES    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

(in thousands, except per share amounts)    

(Unaudited) 

3      

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.   AND   SUBSIDIARIES    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

(in thousands, except per share amounts)    

(Unaudited)    

4      

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.   AND   SUBSIDIARIES    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

(in thousands  )    

(Unaudited)    

5      

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.   AND   SUBSIDIARIES    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF   CASH   FLOWS 

(in thousands)    

(Unaudited)    

2 

6      

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.   AND   SUBSIDIARIES    

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1.      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION  

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the requirements of Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01 for financial statements required to be filed as a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to "IDEXX," the "Company," "we," "our" or "us" refer to IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. We do not have any variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  

The   accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements   reflect, in the opinion of our management, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of our financial position and results of operations. All such adjustments are of a recurring nature. The consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 201  5   was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. The results of operations for the three   and nine   months ended   September 30  , 201  6   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any future period. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-  Q for the quarter ended September 30  , 201  6   and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201  5 (the  2015   Annual Report ) filed with the   U.S.   Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , changes in stockholders  equity included (i) changes in other comprehensive income reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive incom  e; (ii) changes in common stock and     additional paid-in capital   reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (including share-based compensation expense, proceeds from exercise of stock option  s   and employee stock purchase plans, tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements and repurchases of common stock); (iii)   changes in   noncontrolling interest; and (iv)   changes in   net income.  

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the c  urrent year presentation. R  eclassifications had no material impact on previously reported results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Note 2.      ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Significant Accounting Policies 

T  he significant accounting policies used in preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements for the three   and nine months ended September 30  , 201  6   are consistent with those discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in our 201  5   Annual Report, except   as noted below. 

New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 

Deferred Income Taxes 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company early adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) amendments which require us to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent within our condensed consolidated balance sheet. In accordance with the FASB s permitted transition guidance, we applied this guidance prospectively and did not revise our prior period balance sheet presentation for the effects of these amendments. These amendments did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

7      

Deferred Financing Costs 

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB amendments that require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented within the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This reclassification of the presentation of deferred financing costs did not have a material impact on other long-term assets or long-term debt amounts reported in our September 30, 2016 condensed consolidated balance sheet and additionally would not have a material impact on such amounts reported in a prior period. As such, these amendments have been reflected prospectively in 2016; prior period amounts have not been revised for the effects of this amendment.   

The FASB confirmed in August 2015 that the aforementioned amendments did not address the presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. For line-of-credit arrangements, borrowers have the option of presenting debt issuance costs as an asset which is subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any related outstanding borrowings. As such, we continue to present deferred financing costs associated with our unsecured revolving credit facility within other long-term assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Following recognition within the condensed consolidated balance sheets, all deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt agreement. These amendments did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Internal-Use Software 

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company   prospectively   adopted FASB amendments which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance   does not change the current treatment for accounting for software licenses or service contracts. We evaluate implementation costs related to cloud computing arrangements   that do not include a software license   and defer the costs that enhance or modify the functionality of the cloud computing software within other current and long-term assets and amortize those costs over the expected benefit period.  These   implementation   costs would have previously been capitalized as software within property and equipment.    These amendments did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Additional Pronouncements 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the adoption of other effective FASB amendments addressing measurement-period adjustments for business combinations and to the fair value hierarchy of investments measured at net asset value did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In May 2014, the FASB issued an amendment which will replace most of the existing revenue recognition guidance within U.S. GAAP. The core principle of this guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that it expects to be entitled to receive for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will be required to make certain judgments and estimates, including identifying contract performance obligations, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price among separate performance obligations. Additionally, the amendment requires disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, significant judgments reached in the application of the guidance and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of the amendment to apply to public business entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendment allows for two methods of adoption: a full retrospective method or a modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect     recognized at the date of initial application. We are in the process of determining the method of adoption and the impact of this amendment on our consolidated financial statements. 

8      

In August 2014, the FASB issued an amendment that requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. The amendment in this update provides guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so, the amendment should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendment in this update applies to all entities and is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This amendment is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued amendments which change the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities, placing more emphasis on risk of loss when determining a controlling financial interest.   The amendments in this update apply to all entities and are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. These amendments are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued amendments which simplify the existing guidance which requires entities to subsequently measure inventory at the lower of cost or market value. Under the amendments, an entity should measure inventory valued using a first-in, first-out or average cost method at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. This update is effective for public business entities during fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. These amendments are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued amendments to increase transparency and comparability among organizations  leasing arrangements. The principal difference from previous guidance is that effective upon adoption, the lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases will be recognized in the statement of financial position. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. In transition, we are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach, including the option to utilize a number of practical expedients. The Company is in the process of evaluating our lessee and lessor arrangements to determine the impact of this amendment on the consolidated financial statements.  

In March   2016, the FASB issued amendments which simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, recognition of stock compensation award forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, the calculation of diluted shares outstanding and classification on the statement of cash flows. The most significant change resulting from these amendments is recording all the tax effects related to share-based payments at settlement through the income statement. Under existing guidance, tax benefits in excess of compensation costs ( windfalls ) are recorded in equity. Similarly, tax deficiencies below compensation costs ( shortfalls ) are recorded in equity to the extent of previous windfalls, while shortfalls in excess of this are recorded to the income statement. Furthermore, the new guidance is expected to increase the dilutive effect of share-based payment awards as a result of no longer assuming that tax benefits are used to purchase our common stock under the treasury method. The amendments also provide an alternative to estimating stock award forfeitures and instead recording at the time of forfeiture. For public business entities, this update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. The Company plans to adopt the amendments on January 1, 2017. Based on activity in recent years, the Company estimates that tax benefits related to share-based payments will add approximately $0.08 to $0.12 in annual diluted earnings per share for 2017, primarily through a reduction in IDEXX s effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in diluted shares outstanding resulting from this accounting change.  These impacts may vary significantly by quarter based on the timing of actual settlement activity. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued amendments that require financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected. The income statement reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a direct write-down to the security. Credit losses on available-for-sale securities will be required when the amortized cost is below the fair market value. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018 is permitted. The Company will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. These amendments are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

9      

In August 2016, the FASB issued amendments that provide guidance on the statement of cash flows presentation of certain transactions where diversity in practice exists on the classification of certain cash receipts and payment. The effective date will be the first quarter of an entity s fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. The amendment should be adopted using a retrospective transition approach, but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impractible. We are in the process of determining the impact of these amendments on our consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued an amendment that requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs, even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. These amendments should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings at the beginning of the period adopted. Early adoption is permitted in the first interim period of an annual reporting period for which financial statements have not been issued. We are in the process of determining the impact of these amendments on our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3  .      SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION    

The fair value of   options, restricted stock units, deferred stock units and employee stock purchase rights awarded   during the three   and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   totaled   $0.4   million   and   $26.1   million, respectively  , as compared to   $0.6   million and   $24.4   million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .    T  he total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, for unvested share-based compensatio  n awards outstanding at September 30, 2016   was   $44.2   million, which will be recognized over a weighted   average period of approximately   1.8   years  .    

We determine the assumptions used in the valuation of option awards as of the date of grant. Differences in the expected stock price volatility, expected term or risk-free interest rate may necessitate distinct valuation assumptions at each grant date. As such, we may use different assumptions for options granted throughout the year.   Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of our common stock at the date of grant.     We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we have no intention to pay such a dividend at this time; therefore, we assume that no dividends will be paid over the expected terms of option awards.    

The   weighted averages of the   valuation assumptions used to determine the   fair value of each option award on the date of grant and the weighted average estimated fair values were as follows:  

10      

Note 4  .      marketable securities 

The amortized cost and fair value of marketable securities were as follows (  in thousands  ): 

As of September 30, 2016, unrealized losses on marketable securities that have been in a continuous loss position for more than twelve months were not material. Our portfolio of marketable securities had an average   AA-   credit rating as of September 30, 2016. There were   no   marketable securities that we consider to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of September 30, 2016. 

Remaining effective   maturities of marketable securities were as follows (  in thousands  ): 

Our investment strategy is to buy short-duration marketable securities with a high credit rating. Some of our marketable securities have call features that can effectively shorten the lifespan from the contractual maturity date. We use the effective maturity date to measure the duration of the marketable securities. 

Note   5  .      Inventories   

Inventories, which are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, include material, conversion costs and inbound freight charges.   The components of inventories were as follows   (in thousands)  :  

11      

Note   6  .       Goodwill   and   Intangible Assets, NET  

The increase in goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulted from changes in foreign currency exchange   rates. The decrease in intangible assets other than goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   resulted primarily from the continued amortization of our intangible assets and an impairment charge related to our OPTI      Medical line of business, partly offset by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  

During the first half of 2016, management reviewed the OPTI Medical product offerings. As a result of this review, we discontinued our product development activities in the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market during March 2016 and focused our commercial efforts in this market on supporting our latest generation OPTI CCA-TS2 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzer. Management identified unfavorable trends in our OPTI Medical line of business resulting from this change in strategy. We revised our forecasts downward, causing us to assess the realizability of the related tangible and intangible assets and determined the expected future cash flows were less than the carrying value   of the OPTI Medical asset group. Non-cash intangible asset impairments of   $2.2   million were recorded within our condensed consolidated statement of operations   within general and administration expenses during the first half of   2016  . T  he intangibles associated with our   OPTI Medical   human point-of-care medical diagnostics market   are   fully written     off. 

NOTE 7.      Other current and long-term ASSETS  

Other current assets consisted of the following   (in thousands)  : 

Other long-term assets consisted of the following   (in thousands)  :   

Note   8  .      Accrued liabilities  

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following   (in thousands)  : 

Note 9  .      Repurchases of common STOCK  

We primarily acquire shares by repurchases in the open market. However, we also acquire shares tha  t are surrendered by employees in   payment for the minimum required withholding taxes due on the vesting of restricted stock units and the settlement of deferred stock units, otherwise referred to herein as employee surrenders.  

12      

We issue shares of treasury stock upon the vesting of certain restricted stock units and upon the exercise of certain stock options. The number of shares of treasury st  ock issued during both the three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and 201  5   was not material. 

The following is a summary of our open market common stock repurchases  , reported on a trade date basis, and shares acquired through employee surrender   for the three   and nine months ended September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5     (in thousands, except per share amounts)  :  

_____________ 

(1) 

Shares repurchased and acquired through employee surrender for payment of minimum required withholding taxes on and before June 15, 2015 and the associated average cost per share have been adjusted to reflect the June 15, 2015   two  -for-one stock split.   Actual shares repurchased were approximately      2,962,000   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     

Note 10  .      Income Taxes  

Our effective income tax rate was 30.8 percent for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 30.7 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our effective tax rate was 31.8 percent for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and 30.8 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, was related to the availability of the U.S. R D tax credit, which was not available during the nine months ending September 30, 2015, as the credit had not yet been extended. In December 2015, the R D tax credit was permanently extended with retroactive   application to January 1, 2015.  As a result, we fully recognized the related 2015 tax benefit entirely in the fourth quarter of 2015.    These favorable factors were offset by a shift in earnings mix in 2016, with relatively higher earnings subject to domestic tax rates as opposed to lower international tax rates, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 

Note 1  1  .    ACCUMULATED OTHER Comprehensive Income   

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (   AOCI   ), net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30  , 201  6   consisted of the following   (in thousands)  :  

13      

The following is a summary of reclassifications out of   AOCI   for the three   and nine     months ended September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5     (in thousands)  : 

Note 1  2  .    Earnings   per   Share   

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and vested deferred stock units outstanding during the year. The computation of diluted earnings per share is similar to the computation of basic earnings per share, except that the denominator is increased for the assumed exercise of dilutive options and assumed issuance of unvested restricted stock units and unvested deferred stock units using the treasury stock method unless the effect is anti-dilutive. The treasury stock method assumes that proceeds, including cash received from the exercise of employee stock options, the   total unrecognized compensation expense for unvested share-based compensation awards   and the tax benefits resulting from share-based compensation tax deductions in excess of the related expense recognized for financial reporting purposes, would be used to purchase our common stock at the average market price during the period.   Vested deferred stock units outstanding are included in shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share because the associated shares of our common stock are issuable for no cash consideration, the number of shares of our common stock to be issued is fixed and issuance is not contingent. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in our 201  5   Annual Report for additional information regarding deferred stock units.   

The following is a reconciliation of   weighted average   shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share   for the three and nine months ended September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5   (in thousands)  :      

14      

C  ertain options to acquire shares and restricted stock units have been excluded from the calculation of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. The following table presents information concerning those anti-dilutive options and restricted stock units   for the three   and nine months ended September    3  0  , 201  6 and 2015   (in thousands  ):  

Note 1  3  .    Commitments, Contingencies   and   Guarantees  

Significant commitments, contingencies and guarantees at   September    3  0  , 201  6   are consistent with those discussed   in Note 1  4   to the consolidated financial statements in our 201  5   Annual Report  .    

Note 1  4  .     Segment Reporting  

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker   ( CODM )  , or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and   in assessing performance. Our CODM   is our Chief Executive Officer. Our reportable segments include diagnostic and information technology-based products and services for the veterinary market, which we refer to as the Companion Animal Group ( CAG ), water quality produc  ts ( Water ) and diagnostic product  s   and services   for livestock and poultry health and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and food, which we refer to as Livestock, Poultry and Dairy ( LPD ). Our Other operating segment combines and presents products for the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market with our pharmaceutical product line and our out-licensing arrangements because they do not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds for reportable segments. 

Certain costs are not allocated to our operating segments and are instead reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts . These costs include costs that do not align with one of our existing operating segments or are cost prohibitive to allocate, which primarily consist of our R D function,     regional or country expenses, certain foreign currency revaluation gains and losses on monetary balances in currencies other than our subsidiaries  functional currency and unusual items. Corporate support function costs (such as information technology, facilities, human resources, finance and legal), health benefits and incentive compensation are charged to our business segments at pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates. Differences from these pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates are captured within Unallocated Amounts.  

Effective January 1, 2016, we modified our management reporting to the CODM to provide a more comprehensive view of the performance of our operating segments by including the capitalization of variances between standard and actual manufacturing costs, which adjusts the timing of cost recognition from when the variance is created to the period in which the related inventory is sold. Prior to January 1, 2016, the capitalization and subsequent recognition of these variances were not allocated to our operating segments and were instead reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts.   

The segment gross profit and income (loss) from operations within this   Quarterly R  eport   on Form 10-Q   for the thre  e and nine   months ended   September   30, 2015  ,   has been retrospectively revised to reflect the changes to our segment performance metrics   described above  .    

15      

The following is a summary of segment p  erformance for the three and nine months ended September    3  0  , 201  6   and 201  5     (in thousands)  : 

16      

The following is a summary of revenue by product and servic  e category for the three and nine months ended September    3  0  , 201  6   and 201  5    (  in thousands  ):  

Note 15  .     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

U.S. GAAP   defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.   U.S. GAAP   requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available, and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.   

The Company has certain financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities that may be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and certain financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets but for which we disclose the fair value. The fair value disclosures of these assets and liabilities are based on a three-level hierarchy, which is defined as follows  :  

Level 1  

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.  

Level 2  

Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3  

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.   We did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 or transfers in or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Our marketable debt securities are initially valued at the transaction price and are subsequently   remeasured   to fair value   as of the balance sheet date utilizing third-  party pricing services. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, i  ncluding both income and market-  based approaches and observable market inputs to determine value. Observable market inputs include reportable trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers and other industry and economic events.     We validate t  he prices provided by our third-  party pricing services by obtaining independent market values from other pricing sources and analyzing pricing data in certain instances. 

Our foreign currency exchange contracts and interest rate swap agreements are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in our accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. We measure the fair value of our foreign currency exchange contracts classified as derivative instruments using an income approach, based on prevailing market forward rates less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. The product of this calculation is then adjusted for counterparty risk.  

17      

At December 31, 2015, w  e measure  d   the fair value of our interest rate swaps classified as derivative instruments using an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis based on the terms of the contract and the interest rate curve adjusted for counterparty risk.   As of September 30, 2016, we have no outstanding interest rate swap agreements.  

The amount  s   outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility ( Credit Facility    or  line of credit   ) and   senior notes ( long-term debt ) are   measured at carrying value in our accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets though we disclose the fair value of these financial instruments. We determine the fair value of the amount outstanding under our Credit Facility and long-term debt using an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates for debt issues with similar remaining years to maturity, adjusted for applicable credit risk. Our Credit Facility and l  ong-term debt are valued using L  evel 2 inputs.   The estimated fair value of o  ur Credit Facility approximates its carrying value. The estimated fair value and carrying value of our long-term debt were   $639.0   million and $  599.7   million  , respectively, as of September 30, 2016,   and   $593.7   million and $597.1   million  , respectively,   as of December 31, 201  5  .    

The following tables set forth our assets and liabilities that were measured at fair val  ue on a recurring basis at September 30  , 201  6   and at December 31, 201  5   by level within the fair value hierarchy   (in thousands)  : 

18      

_____________ 

(1) 

Money market funds, agency bonds and commercial paper with an original maturity of less than ninety days are included within cash and cash equivalents. The remaining balance of cash and cash equivalents as of   September   30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of demand deposits.  Commercial paper and agency bonds with an original maturity of over ninety days are included within marketable securities.     

(2) 

Equity mutual funds relate to a deferred compensation plan that was assumed as part of a previous business combination. This amount is included within other long-term assets. See   footnote   (4) below for a discussion of the related deferred compensation liability.      

(3) 

Foreign currency exchange contracts are included within other current assets; other long-term assets; accrued liabilities; or other long-term liabilities depending on the gain (loss) position and anticipated settlement date.       

(4) 

A deferred compensation plan assumed as part of a previous business combination is included within accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities. The fair value of our deferred compensation plan is indexed to the performance of the underlying equity mutual funds discussed in   footnote   (2) above.      

(5) 

Interest rate swaps are included within accrued liabilities.       

The estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximate carrying value due to their short maturity. 

Note 1  6  .    HEDGING Instruments  

Disclosure within this   note is presented to provide transparency about how and why we use derivative   and non-derivative   instruments   (collectively  hedging instruments )  , how the instruments and related hedged items are accounted for, and how the instruments and related hedged items affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.   

We are exposed to certain risks related to our ongoing business operations. The primary   risks that we manage by using hedging   instruments are foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk. Our subsidiaries enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to manage the exchange risk associated with their forecasted intercompany inventory purchases and sales for the next year.   From time to time, we may also enter into   other   foreign currency exchange contracts   or foreign-denominated debt issuances   to minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations associated with specific   balance sheet exposures  ,    including net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. We may also   enter into   interest rate swaps to minimize the impact of interest rate fluctuations associated with   borrowings under   our variable-rate Credit Facility.  

The primary purpose of our foreign currency hedging activities is to protect against the volatility associated with foreign currency transactions, including transactions denominated in euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Swiss franc.   We also utilize natural hedges to mitigate our transaction and commitment exposures. Our   corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity.   We enter into foreign curre  ncy exchange contracts with well-capitalized   multinational financial institutions, and we do not hold or engage in t  ransactions involving hedging   instruments for purposes other than risk management.   Our accounting policies for these contracts are based on the designation of such instruments as hedging transactions.      

19      

We recognize all   hedging   instruments     on the balance sheet at fair value at the   balance sheet date. I  nstruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment must be recorded at fair value through earnings. To qualify for hedge accounting treatment, cash flow   and net investment   hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cas  h flows or fair value on hedged transactions. If the   instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, c  hanges in the fair value of the   hedging   instrument from the effective portion of the hedge are   deferred   in AOCI, net of tax,   and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. We immediately record in earn  ings the extent to which a hedging   instrument is not effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value.   We de-designate   hedging   instruments from hedge accounting when the likelihood of the hedged transaction occurring becomes less than probable. For de-designated instruments, the gain or loss from the time of de-designation through maturity of the instrument is recognized in earnings. Any gain or loss in   AOCI at the time of de-designation is reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. See Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information regarding the effect of hedging instruments on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three   and nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015. 

We enter into master netting arrangements with the counterparties to our derivative transactions which permit   certain   outstanding receivables and payables to be offset in the event of default. Our derivative contracts do not require either   party to post cash collateral.   We elect to present our derivative assets and liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis. All cash flows related to our foreign currency exchange contracts and interest rate swaps are classified as operating cash flows, which is consistent with the cash flow treatment of the underlying items being hedged.  

Cash Flow Hedges  

We have designated our foreign currency exchange contracts and variable-to-fixed interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges as these derivative instruments mitigate the exposure to variability in the cash flows of forecasted transactions attributable to foreign currency exchange and interest rates. Unless noted otherwise, we have also designated our derivative instruments as qualifying for hedge accounting treatment.      

We did not de-designate any instruments from hedge accounting treatment during the three   and nine months ended September   30, 2016 or 2015. Gains or losses related to hedge ineffectiveness recognized in earnings during the   three   and nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015   were not material  .    At September   30,   2016, the estimated amount of net losses, net of income tax expense, which are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI and into earnings within the next 12 months, is   $0.1   million if exchange and interest rates do not fluctuate from the levels at September 30, 2016.    

W  e hedge approximately   85 percent   of the estimated exposure from intercompany product purchases and sales denominated in the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, Australian   dollar and Swiss franc. We have additional unhedged foreign currency exposures related to foreign services and emerging markets where it is not practical to hedge.   We primarily utilize foreign currency exchange contracts with durations of less than   24   months. Quarterly, we enter into contracts to hedge incremental portions of anticipated foreign currency transactions for the current and following year. As a result, our risk with respect to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the notional value of foreign currency exchange contracts may vary throughout the   year. The U.S. dollar is the currency purchased or sold in all of our foreign currency exchange contracts. The notional amount of foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge forecasted intercompany inventory purchases and sales totaled   $196.0   million and   $176.1   million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

We had entered into forward fixed interest rate swap agreements to manage the economic effect of variable interest obligations on amounts borrowed under the terms of our Credit Facility. From March 30, 2012 to June 30, 2016, the variable interest rate associated with   $40   million of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility was effectively fixed at   1.36 percent   plus the range of applicable interest rate fixed credit spreads ( Credit Spread ). From March 28, 2013 to June 30, 2016, the variable interest rate associated with an additional   $40   million of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility was effectively fixed at   1.64 percent   plus the Credit Spread. As of September 30, 2016, we have no outstanding interest rate swap agreements. 

20      

Net Investment Hedge 

In June 2015, we issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate principal amount of    88.9   million (approximately   $100   million) in euro-denominated   1.785 percent   Series C Senior Notes due June 18, 2025. We have designated these euro-denominated notes as a hedge of our euro net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries to reduce the volatility in stockholders  equity caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates in the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result of this designation, gains and losses from the change in translated U.S. dollar value of these euro-denominated notes are recorded in AOCI rather than to   earnings.   We recorded a $0.7 million   loss   and a $  1.6   million   loss  , net of income tax, within AOCI as a result of this net investment hedge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The related cumulative unrealized gain recorded at September 30, 2016 will not be reclassified in earnings until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the net investment in the hedged foreign operations or a portion of the hedge no longer qualifies for hedge accounting treatment.   See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 Annual Report for further information regarding the issuance of these euro-denominated notes. 

Fair Values of Hedging Instruments Designated as Hedges in Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The fair values of   hedging   instruments and their respective classification on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and amounts subject to offset under master netting arrangements consisted of the following   (in thousands)  :  

The effect of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the condensed consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following   (in thousands)  : 

21      

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical fact, constitute  forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements about our business and expectations within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities E  xchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),   include statements relating to future revenue growth rates,   business trends,   earnings and other me  asures of financial performance;    t  he effect of economic downturns   on our business performance;   projected impact of foreign currency exchange rates; demand for our products;   realizability of assets; future cash flow and uses of cash; future repurchases of common stock; future levels of indebtedness and capital spending; interest expense; warranty expense; share-based compensation expense;   future commercial efforts;   and competition. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as  expects,   may,   anticipates,   intends,   would,   will,   plans,   believes,   estimates,   should,  and similar words and expressions. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events; are based on current estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions; and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.   These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Annual Report ) and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as those described from time to time in our other periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

A  ny forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of the day this Quarterly Report   on Form 10-Q   was   filed with the   SEC and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other materials released to the public. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates or expectations change.     

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our 2015 Annual Report that includes additional information about us, our results of operations, our financial position and our cash flows, and with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Business Overview  

Operating Segments  . We operate primarily through three business segments: diagnostic and information technology-based products and services for the veterinary market, which we refer to as the Companion Animal Group ( CAG ), water quality products ( Water ) and diagnostic   products and services   for livestock and poultry health and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and food, which we refer to as Livestock, Poultry and Dairy ( LPD ). Our Other oper  ating segment combines and pres  ents products for the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market (   OPTI   Medical ) with our pharmaceutical product line and our out-licensing arrangements because they do not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds for reportable segments.    

CAG develops, designs, manufactures and distributes products and performs services for veterinarians and the bioresearch market, primarily related to diagnostics and information management. Water develops, designs, manufactures and distributes a range of products used in the detection of various microbiological parameters in water. LPD develops, designs, manufactures and distributes diagnostic tests and related instrumentation and performs services that are used to manage the health status of livestock and poultry, to improve bovine reproductive efficiency, and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and food. OPTI Medical manufactures and distributes point-of-care electrolyte and blood gas analyzers and related consumable products for the human medical diagnostics market.  

During the second quarter of 2016, we renamed our customer information management and diagnostic imaging systems line of business in the CAG segment to veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems. Financial results were not adjusted as a result of this name change. 

Certain costs are not allocated to our operating segments and are instead reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts . These costs include costs that do not align with one of our existing operating segments or are cost prohibitive to allocate, which primarily consist of our R D function,     regional or country expenses, certain foreign currency revaluation gains and losses on monetary balances in currencies other than our subsidiaries  functional currency and unusual items. Corporate support function costs (such as information technology, facilities, human resources, finance and legal), health benefits and incentive compensation are charged to our business segments at pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates. Differences from these pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates are captured within Unallocated Amounts.  

22      

Effective January 1, 2016, we modified our management reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker to provide a more comprehensive view of the performance of our operating segments by including the capitalization and subsequent recognition of variances between standard and actual manufacturing costs, which adjusts the timing of cost recognition from when the variance is created to the period in which the related inventory is sold. Prior to January 1, 2016, the capitalization and subsequent recognition of these variances were not allocated to our operating segments and were instead reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts .  

The segment gross profit and income (loss) from operations within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 has been retrospectively revised to reflect the changes to our segment performance metrics described above.   The following is a summary of   restated segment gross profit from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of   restated segment operating income (loss) from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  : 

23      

Effects of Certain Factors   and Trends   on Results of Operations  

Distributor Purchasing and Inventories  . We employ an all-di  rect sales strategy in the U.S.;   however, we continue to sell our products through third party distri  butors in certain   markets. When sel  ling our   products through     distributors, changes in distributors  inventory levels can impact our reported sales, and these changes may be affected by many factors, which may not be directly related to underlying demand for our products by veterinary practices, which are the end-users.   W  e do not believe the impact of changes in these distributors  inventories had or would have   had   a material impact on our growth rates in the relevant periods. 

Currency Impact  . For both the three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  ,    approximately   26   percent     of   our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured   or purchased   in the U.S. and sold internationally in l  ocal currencies, as compared   to 25   percent   for   both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .    Strengthening of the U.S. dollar exchange rate relative to other currencies has a negative impact on our revenues derived in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and on profits of products manufactured or purchased in the U.S. and sold internationally, and a weakening of the U.S. dollar has the opposite effect. Similarly, to the extent that the U.S. dollar is stronger in current or future periods relative to the exchange rates in effect in the corresponding prior periods, our growth rate will be negatively affected. The impact of foreign currency denominated operating expenses and foreign currency denominated supply contracts partly offsets this exposure. Additionally, our designated hedges of intercompany inventory purchases and sales help delay the impact of certain exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. denominated revenues. See  Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risks  included in our 2015 Annual Report for additional information regarding currency impact. Our future income tax expense could also be affected by changes in the mix of earnings, including as a result of changes in the rate of exchange for the U.S. dollar relative to currencies in countries with differing statutory tax rates.  See  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  included in our 2015 Annual Report for additional information regarding tax impacts.   

Our foreign currency exchange impacts are comprised of three components: 1) revenues and expenses denominated in a foreign currency; 2) the impact of hedge contracts; and 3) intercompany and monetary balances for our subsidiaries that are denominated in a currency that is different from the functional currency used by each subsidiary. As of September 30, 2016, based on projected revenues and expenses, excluding the impact of intercompany and trade balances denominated in currencies other than the functional subsidiary currencies, we estimate a 10 percent strengthening of the U.S. dollar would reduce operating income for the remainder of 2016 by   approximately $3 million. The   impact of the intercompany and monetary balances referred to in the third component above have been excluded, as they are transacted at multiple times during the year and we are not able to reliably forecast the impact that changes in exchange rates would have on our operating income. 

The impact on revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates is not a measure defined by accounting principles generally   accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ), otherwise referred to herein as a non-GAAP financial measure. We calculate the impact on revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the difference between the weighted average exchange rates during the current year pe  riod and the comparable prior   year period applied to foreign currency denominated revenues for the prior year period.   As exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results   normalized for changes in currency in addition to reported results helps improve investors  ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods.  

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased total company revenue by approximately   $0.9   million and $11.3 million respectively, due primarily to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound and Canadian dollar. Foreign currency hedging gains increased the total company operating income by $0.6 million and diluted earnings per share by less than $0.01 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and increased total company operating income by $1.5 million and diluted earnings per share $0.01 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the same periods of the prior year, foreign currency hedging gains increased total company operating income by $5.0 million and $14.5 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.04 and $0.11, respectively. Net of these lower relative foreign currency hedging gains, changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced total company operating income by $4.5 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.04 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and reduced total company operating income by $17.8 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.15 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

24      

At our current currency exchange rate assumptions as compared to actual 2015 exchange rates, we estimate that the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to major foreign currencies in which we transact will decrease total company revenue by   $1  4  .  6   million for the full year ending December 31, 2016. Foreign currency hedging gains are expected to increase total company operating income by $  3.5   million and diluted earnings per share by $0.03 in the year ending December 31, 2016, as compared to a total company operating income increase of $  20.9   million and a $0.16 increase in diluted earnings per share in the year ended December 31, 2015. Net of these lower relative foreign currency hedging gains, changes in foreign currency exchange rates are expected to reduce total company operating income by $24.  4   million and diluted earnings per share by $0.  20  . The above estimate incorporates actual exchange rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and assumes that the value   of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies will reflect the euro at $1.08, the British pound at $1.20, the Canadian dollar at $0.75, the Australian dollar at $0.76 and the Japanese yen at  106 to the U.S. dollar for the remainder of 2016. 

Effects of Economic Conditions  . Demand for our products and services is vulnerable to changes in the economic environment, including slow economic growth, high unemployment   and credit availability. Negative or cautious consumer sentiment can lead to reduced or delayed consumer spending, resulting in a decreased number of patient visits to veterinary clinics. Unfavorable economic conditions can impact sales of instruments and diagnostic imaging systems, which are larger capital purchases for   veterinarians  . Additionally, economic turmoil can cause our customers to remain sensitive to the pricing of our products and services. In the U.S., we monitor patient visits and clinic revenue data provided by a subset of our CAG customers. Although this data is a limited sample and susceptible to short-term impacts such as weather, which may affect the number of patient visits in a given period, we believe that this data provides a fair and meaningful long-term representation of the trend in patient visit activity in the U.S., providing us insight regarding demand for our products and services. 

Economic conditions can also affect the purchasing decisions of our Water and LPD business customers. Water testing volumes may be susceptible to declines in discretionary testing for existing home and commercial sales and in mandated testing as a result of decreases in home and commercial construction. Testing volumes may also be impacted by severe weather conditions such as drought. In addition, fiscal difficulties can also reduce government funding for water and livestock testing programs.   

We believe that the diversity of our products and services and the geographic diversity of our markets partially mitigate the potential effects of the economic environment and negative consumer sentiment on our revenue growth rates.  

Effects of Patent Expiration  . Although   we     have   several patents and licenses of patents and technologies from third parties that expired during 2015 and are expected to expire during 2016 and 2017,   the expiration of these patents or licenses, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material effect on   our   financial position or future operations due to a range of factors including   our brand strength and reputation in the marketplace; the breadth, quality and integration of our product offerings; our existing customer relationships and our customer support; our sales force; the applicable regulatory approval status for certain products; our continued investments in innovative product improvements that often result in new technologies and/or additional patents; and   our   significant know-how, scale and investments related to manufacturing processes of associated product offerings. See    Part I.   Item 1.   Business -    Patents and Licenses    of our 2015 Annual Report   for more information. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates  . T  he critical accounting policies and the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements for the three   and nine   months   ended September 30  , 2016 are consistent with those discussed in our 2015 Annual Report in the section under the heading  Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.    

25      

Results of Operations  

The following revenue analysis and discussion focuses on organic revenue growth, and references in this analysis and discussion to  revenue,   revenues  or  revenue growth  are references to  organic revenue growth.  Organic revenue growth is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the percentage change in revenue during the three   and nine   mon  ths ended September 30  , 2016, as compared to the same period  s   for the prior year, net of the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and divestitures. Organic revenue growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for  ,   or as a superior measure to, revenues reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management believes that reporting organic revenue growth provides useful information to investors by facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior and future periods and to the performance of our peers. We exclude the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates because changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not under     management s control, are subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. We exclude the effect of acquisitions and divestitures because the nature, size and number of these transactions can vary dramatically from period to period, require or generate cash as an inherent consequence of the transaction, and therefore can also obscure underlying business and operating trends. 

Organic revenue growth and the percentage changes in revenue from   foreign   currenc  y exchange rates and acquisitions are non-  GAAP   financial   measures. See the subsection above titled    Effects of Certain Factors   and Trends   on Results of Operations     Currency Impact      for a description of the calculation of the percentage change in revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The percentage change in revenue resulting from acquisitions represents incremental revenues attributable to acquisitions that have occurred since the beginning of the prior year period. 

Three Months En  ded September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Revenue  

Total Company.   The following table presents revenue by operating segment:  

U.S. and International Revenue.   The following table provides further analysis of total company revenue by     domestic and international markets:    

The increase in both U.S. and international orga  nic revenues was driven by CAG D  iagnostics recurring revenue primarily resulting from higher sales volumes  .    The increase in organic international revenues was driven primarily by growth in Europe and the Asia-Pacific markets and, to a lesser extent, Canada   and Latin America  . 

26      

Companion Animal Group.   The following table presents revenue by product and service category for CAG:  

The increase in CAG D  iagnostics recurring revenue   was due primarily to higher sales from our IDEXX VetLab consumables and reference laboratory diagnostic services from increased volumes and, to a   lesser extent, higher realized prices.  

IDEXX VetLab     consumables revenue growth was   primarily   due   to higher sales volumes in the U.S., Europe and the Asia-Pacific region for our Catalyst consumables and, to a lesser extent, ProCyte Dx        consumables, resulting from growth i  n testing by existing customers and   an expanded menu of available tests  .   These favorable impacts were partly offset by lower consumables volumes from   our VetTest        chemistry   instrument due to customer upgrades from our previous generation VetTest to our Catalyst analyzers. IDEXX VetLab consumables revenu  e also benefited from higher average unit sales prices.    

IDEXX VetLab     service and accessories revenue growth was primarily a result of the increase in our active installed base of instruments.  

The increase in rapid assay revenue resulted from growth in our SNAP 4Dx      and single analyte SNAP      products  .    SNAP 4Dx revenue benefited from higher unit sales price, while volume growth moderated reflecting   the timing of our marketing programs  . Additionally, volume growth in our single analyte SNAP products was partially offset by   price declines in our first generation products  . 

The increase in reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services revenue was primarily due to the impact of higher testing volumes throughout our worldwide network of laboratories, most prominently in the U.S., resulting from increased testing from existing customers, supported by our differentiated diagnostic technologies, such as IDEXX SDMA     . Additionally, the increase in revenue was the result of higher average unit sales prices due to price increases.  

CAG Diagnostics     capital instrument placements, including our Sedivue        Dx     urinalysis instrument, which we began shipping     in April 2016, drives our highly profitable recurring diagnostics revenue  . Our Catalyst One        analyzer continues to yield strong worldwide chemistry placements, while our Procyte Dx analyzer had strong hematology placements in Europe. The increase in CAG Diagnostics capital instruments revenue resulted from our newly launched SediVue Dx analyzer, which contributed 31 percent to reported and organic instrument revenue growth. This growth was partly offset by lower instrument placements compared to the elevated prior year levels driven by the international launch of Catalyst One, a shift in placements from our Catalyst Dx      analyzer to our lower priced Catalyst One analyzer and the prior year benefit of recognizing previously deferred revenues associated with pre-orders of our Catalyst One analyzer in the U.S. in 2014. 

The increase in veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems revenue was primarily due to increasing veterinary subscription service revenue and higher support revenue resulting from an increase in our   installed base. These favorable factors were partially offset by fewer licensed-based Cornerstone        placements as we evolve to a subscription-based model for new practice management customer acquisitions. 

27      

Water.   The increase in Water revenue was attributable to all regions in which we operate, most notably from strong performance in North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. Higher revenues resulted primarily from increased sales volumes of our Colilert        test products and related accessories used in coliform and   E. coli     testing. 

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.   The decrease in LPD revenue resulted from   a decrease in herd health screening in the Asia-Pacific region as well as a   decrease   in   bovine testing, most notably due to the success of certain disease eradication programs in   Western Europe, partially offset by growth in China and Brazil. 

Other.    T  he decrease in Other revenue was primarily due to lower sales volumes of our OPTI Medical blood gas analyzers and related consumables, partially offset by increased royalty revenue associated with the commercialization of certain intellectual property related to our former pharmaceutical product line.     

Gross Profit    

Total Company.   The following table presents gross profit   (loss)   and gross profit percentages by operating segment:  

Gross profit increased due to higher sales and price increases, partly offset by the unfavorable impacts of currency from lower relative hedging gains,     as compared to the same period in the prior year  . Excluding currency impacts of approximately   90   basis points, gross margins increased moderately, supported by   gains   in our CAG business.  

Companion Animal Group.   Gross profit for   CAG   increased primarily due to higher sales volume and a 50 basis point increase in the gross profit percentage for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The gross profit percentage was supported by price increases on our CAG Diagnostic  s   recurring revenue portfolio and profitability improvements across our worldwide network of laboratories and from higher relative revenue from expanded service offerings. These favorable impacts were partially offset by a reduction of approximately 90 basis points from currency movements, primarily from lower relative hedging gains, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year.  

Water.   Gross profit for Water increased due to higher sales, offset by a 230 basis point reduction in the gross profit percentage. The gross profit percentage was unfavorably impacted by approximately 200 basis points of currency   impact   during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, resulting from lower hedging gains and changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.   Gross profit for LPD decreased primarily from a 520 basis point reduction in the gross profit percentage during the three-month period, as compared to the same period in   the prior year. This reduction wa  s primarily from changes in foreign currency exchange rates  , relatively higher   manufacturing costs   and unfavorable business mix impacts primarily related to lower levels of herd health screening  . The overall change in exchange rates resulted in a decrease in the gross profit percentage of approximately 300 basis points, due to lower relative hedging gains during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year.  

Other.   Gross profit for Othe  r decreased due to lower sales and higher overall OPTI Medical product costs, partly offset by higher OPTI Medical prices and a favorable product mix from higher relative sales of  OPTI Medical consumables. 

Unallocated Amounts.   Gross profit for Unallocated Amounts decreased due primarily to higher personnel-related costs.      We estimate certain personnel-related costs and allocate the budgeted expenses to the operating segments. This allocation differs from the actual expense and consequently yields a difference that is reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts.  The increase in personnel-related costs was due primarily to higher than budgeted employee incentives   and   higher self-insured healthcare costs reported within Unallocated Amounts during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year. 

28      

Operating Expenses and Operating Income    

Total Company.   The following tables present operating expenses and operating income by operating segment:    

Companion Animal Group.   The following table presents   CAG   operating expenses by functional area:    

The increase in sales and marketi  ng expense was due primarily to increased headcount and related benefits  .   The increase in general and administrative expense resulted primarily from information technology investments, including ongoing depreciation and maintenance associated with prior year projects, and higher personnel-related costs.      Research and development expense for the three months ended   September   30, 2016 was generally consistent with the same period of the prior year. 

Water.   The following table presents Water operating expenses by functional area:    

The increase in sales and marketing expense was due primarily to higher personnel  -  related costs and increased   advertising and marketing materials  . The increase in general   and   administrative expense was due primarily to higher personnel  -  related costs. Research and development expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016, decreased $0.2 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year, as a result of lower product development costs during the third quarter of 2016. 

29      

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.   The following table presents LPD operating expenses by functional area:  

The   in  crease   in sales and marketing expense, as well as the increase   in general and administrative expense  ,   resulted from higher personnel  -  related costs  , including investments in emerging markets.   Research and development expense for the three months ended   September   30, 2016 was generally consistent with the same period of the prior   year. 

Other.   Operating expenses for Other, which totaled $  1.8   mill  ion for the three months ended September   30, 2016,   decreased $0.8   million  ,   as compared to the same period of the prior year  ,   due primarily to   lower amortization expense on intangible assets related to an impairment within our OPTI Medical business during the six months ended June 30, 2016  . 

Unallocated Amounts.     Operating expenses that are not allocated to our operating segments decreased $3.6 million to $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to a $8.2 million   impairment charge recorded in the third quarter of 2015, related to     internally-developed software not yet placed into service as a result of a strategic shift to refocus our development efforts within our veterinary software and service business. Partially offsetting this reduction were   higher personnel-related costs as compared to budget, reflecting increased employee incentives and higher self-insured healthcare costs. This compares to prior period cost control initiatives that resulted in lower than budgeted costs. We estimate certain personnel-related costs and allocate these budgeted expenses to the operating segments. This allocation differs from actual expense and consequently yields a difference that is reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts.  Additionally, foreign exchange losses on monetary assets increased, due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar during the third quarter of 2016. 

Interest Income and Interest Expense    

Interest income was $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $0.7 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase in interest income was due primarily to a larger relative portfolio of marketable securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year.  

I  nterest expense was relatively unchanged   at $7.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year. The mix between our average relative borrowings and interest rates on our unsecured revolving credit facility ( Credit Facility ) and long-term debt, as compared to the same period in the prior year, resulted in no   change   in interest expense.    

Provision for Income Taxes  

Our effective income tax rate was 30.8 percent for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 31.8 percent for the same period   in the prior year.  The decrease in our effective rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, was primarily related to the U.S. R D tax credit.  There was no available R D tax credit during the period ending September 30, 2015 because the credit had not yet been extended.  In December 2015, the R D tax credit was permanently extended with retroactive   application to January 1, 2015.  As a result, we fully recognized the related 2015 tax benefit entirely in the fourth quarter of 2015.    This favorable factor was offset by a shift in earnings mix in 2016, with relatively higher earnings subject to domestic tax rates as opposed to lower international tax rates, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates.     Our effective tax rate may fluctuate in future periods due to the impacts of foreign exchange rates and jurisdictional mix changes. Furthermore, beginning on January 1, 2017, our effective tax rate will be impacted by the adoption of new accounting guidance related to the accounting for share-based payments, which we expect will reduce our effective tax rate as a result of recording the related tax benefits through the income statement. These impacts may vary significantly based on the timing of actual share-based payment settlement and the corresponding price per share at the time of settlement. 

30      

Nine   Months En  ded September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Revenue  

Total Company.   The following table presents revenue by operating segment:  

U.S. and International Revenue.   The following table provides further analysis of total company revenue by     domestic and international markets:    

The increase in both U.S. and international orga  nic revenues was driven by CAG D  iagnostics recurring revenue primarily resulting from higher sales volumes. The increase in organic international revenues was driven primarily by growth in Europe and the Asia-Pacific   regions   and, to a lesser extent, Canada and Latin America. 

Companion Animal Group.   The following table presents revenue by product and service category for CAG: 

The increase in CAG D  iagnostics recurring revenue was due primarily to higher sales from our reference laboratory diagnostic services and of our IDEXX VetLab     consumables resulting from increased volumes and, to a lesser extent, higher realized prices.  

31      

IDEXX VetLab     consumables revenue growth was due primarily to higher sales volumes in the U.S., Europe and the Asia-Pacific region for our Catalyst consumables and, to a lesser extent, ProCyte Dx     consumables, resulting from growth in testing by existing customers, an expanded menu of available tests and the net acquisition of new customers.  These favorable impacts were partly offset by lower consumables volumes from our VetTest     chemistry instrument due to customer upgrades from our previous generation VetTest to our Catalyst analyzers. IDEXX VetLab consumables revenue also benefited from higher average unit sales prices.    

IDEXX VetLab     service and accessories revenue growth was primarily a result of the increase in our active installed base of instruments.  

The increase in rapid assay revenue resulted from higher   average unit price and sales volumes of   SNAP 4Dx and   higher sales volumes of   single analyte SNAP   products  . These favorable factors were partly offset by the unfavorable impact of lower average unit sales prices in the U.S. for certain earlier generation rapid assay products. 

The increase in reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services revenue was due primarily to the impact of higher testing volumes throughout our worldwide network of laboratories, most prominently in the U.S  ., resulting from increased testing from existing customers   and   the net acquisition of new customers  ,   supported by our differentiated diagnostic technologies,   such as   IDEXX SDMA  .     Also, revenue increased, to a lesser extent, from   higher average unit sales prices due to price   in  creases. Testing volumes benefi  ted slightly from favorable weather trends experienced during the first quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, and an extra business day in the first   quarter   of 2016 due to a leap year.    

The increase in CAG Diagnostics capital instruments revenue resulted from our newly launched SediVue Dx analyzer, which   contributed 21   percent to reported and organic   instrument revenue growth  , and higher ProCyte Dx revenues  ,     partly offset by lower Catalyst revenues resulting from a shift in placements from our Catalyst Dx analyzer to our lower priced     Catalyst One analyzer and the prior year benefit of recognizing previously deferred revenues associated with pre-orders of our Catalyst One analyzer in the U.S. in 2014.    

The increase in v  eterinary   s  oftware  , services and diagnostic i  maging   s  ystems revenue was due primarily to increasing diagnostic imaging systems revenue, higher veterinary   subscription   service revenue, higher support revenue resulting from an increa  se in our active installed base   of diagnostic imaging and practice management systems and higher reven  ues resulting from an increase   in our Pet Health Network Pro      subscriber   base.   Revenues from diagnostic imaging systems were higher due to the timing of revenue recognized from fewer deferred revenue placements under up-front customer loyalty programs, as compared to the same period in the prior year, and the recognition of previously deferred   revenues. These favorable factors were partially offset by fewer licensed-based Cornerstone placements as we evolve to a subscription-based model for new practice management customer acquisitions, as well as lower average unit sale prices on diagnostic imaging system placements. 

Water.     The increase in Water revenue was attributable to all regions in which we operate, most notably from strong performance in North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. Higher revenues   resulted primarily from increased   sales volumes and price increases of our Colilert test products and related accessories used in coliform and   E. coli     testing, placements of our Quanti-Tray Sealer PLUS instrument, which we launched in June   2015  ,    several large project orders during the first half of 2016 and to a   lesser extent, from higher sales volumes of our products designed to detect   cryptosporidium  ,    related to an outbreak in the United Kingdom   in the first half of   2016  . Testing volumes   also   ben  efi  ted slightly from favorable weather trends experienced during the first quarter of 2016  ,   as compared to the same period of the prior year. 

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.     The increase in LPD organic revenue resulted from strong performance in emerging markets  , most notably resulting from higher sales volumes of swine, poultry and bovine pregnancy testing products in various regions and increased sales volumes of our dairy testing products in Brazil. We also benefited from increased   herd health screening   products and   services   in Brazil and the Asia-Pacific region. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in sales volumes of bovine testing products within Western Europe in large part due to the success of certain disease eradication programs in the region.    

Other.     The increase in Other revenue was due primarily to royalty revenue associated with the commercialization of certain intellectual property related to our former pharmaceutical product line  , partially offset by   lower sales volumes of our OPTI Medical blood gas analyzers and related consumables.     

32      

Gross Profit    

Total Company.   The following table presents gross profit   (loss)   and gross profit percentages by operating segment:  

Gross profit increased due to higher sales and price increases,   partly offset   by an 80 basis point reduction in the gross profit percentage during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year  . Excluding currency impacts of approximately 1  1  0 basis points, gross margins increased moderately, supported by favorability in our CAG business.  

Companion Animal Group.   Gross profit for   CAG   increased due to higher sales and price increases, partially offset by a 20 basis point reduction in the gross profit percentage during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The unfavorable impact of currency during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, impacted gross profit percentage by approximately 90 basis points, resulting primarily from lower hedging gains.     Excluding currency impacts, gross margins increased moderately, supported by   price increases for our reference laboratory diagnostic services and IDEXX VetLab consumables and profitability improvements from higher relative revenue of our expanded subscription service offerings, and within our worldwide network of reference laboratories.  These favorable factors were   partially   offset by an increase in IDEXX VetLab product costs and   unfavorable     product mix   from higher relative instrument revenues and lower relative rapid assay revenues  .    

Water.   Gross profit for Water increased due to higher sales, offset by a 210 basis point reduction in the gross profit percentage. The gross profit percentage   was   unfavorably impacted by approximately 220 basis points of currency   impact   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year, resulting from lower hedging gains and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Excluding currency impacts, the gross profit percentage increased slightly due to price increases on our Colilert testing products and related accessories. 

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.   Gross profit for LPD decreased due to a reduction in the gross profit percentage of 520 basis points for the nine months ended September 3  0  , 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in the gross profit percentage resulted primarily from approximately 390 basis points of unfavorable impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to lower relative hedging gains during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   as compared to the same period of the prior year, as well as higher overall product costs. These unfavorable factors were partly offset by the expiration of royalties on certain of our swine testing products and a favorable product mix resulting from higher relative herd health screening revenues. 

Other.   Gross profit for Other   increased due to   higher sales   and an increase   in the   gross profit percentage of 130 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The in  crease in the gross profit percentage   resulted primarily from   higher relative royalty revenue associated with the commercialization of certain intellectual property related to our former pharmaceutical product line  , partly offset by an increase in   overall OPTI Medical   product costs  . 

Unallocated Amounts.   Gross profit for Unallocated Amounts decreased due primarily to higher personnel-related costs.     We estimate certain personnel-related costs and allocate the budgeted expenses to the operating segments. This allocation differs from the actual expense and consequently yields a difference that is reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts.  The increase in personnel-related costs was due primarily to higher self-insured healthcare costs and higher than budgeted employee incentives reported within Unal  located Amounts during the nine months ended September 30  , 2016  ,   as compared to the same period of the prior year. 

33      

Operating Expenses and Operating Income    

Total Company.   The following tables present operating expenses and operating income by operating segment  : 

Total Company.   The following tables present operating expenses and operating income by operating segment:  

Companion Animal Group.   The following table presents   CAG   operating expenses by functional area:    

The increase in sales and marketing expense was due primarily to increased personnel-related costs, including investments in our global sales infrastructure and   performance incentives  , partly off  set by the favorable impact of   changes in foreign currency exchange rates.     The increase in general and administrative expense resulted primarily from information technology investments, including ongoing depreciation and maintenance associated with prior year projects, and higher personnel-related costs.   Research and development expense for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 was generally consistent with the same period of the prior year. 

Water.   The following table presents Water operating expenses by functional area:    

The increase in sales and marketing expense was due primarily to higher   personnel-related costs     and increased   advertising and marketing materials  . The increase in general   and   administrative expense was du  e primarily to higher personnel-  related costs.   The decrease in r  esearch and development expense   was a result of lower product development costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

34      

Livestock, Poultry and Dairy.   The following table presents LPD operating expenses by functional area:     

Sales and marketing expense for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016  ,     increased due to higher   commercial   infrastructure investments within emerging markets   and was partially   offset by the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in general and administrative expense   resulted primarily from higher personnel-related costs  . The increase in research and development expense resulted   primarily   from higher external product development and material costs. 

Other.   Operating expenses for Other, which totaled $  8.7 million for the nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, increased $  0.8   million  ,   as compared to the same period of the prior year  , due primarily to   intangible impairments within our OPTI Medical business, partly offset by   lower amortization expense on the aforementioned intangible assets and a reduction in personnel-  related costs. 

During the first half of 2016, management reviewed the OPTI Medical product offerings. As a result of this review, we discontinued our product development activities in the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market during March 2016 and focused our commercial efforts in this market on supporting our latest generation OPTI CCA-TS2 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzer. Management identified unfavorable trends in our OPTI Medical line of business resulting from this change in strategy. We revised our forecasts downward, causing us to assess the realizability of the related tangible and intangible assets and determined the expected future cash flows were less than the carrying value   of the OPTI Medical asset group. Non-cash intangible asset impairments of $2.2 million were recorded within our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Unallocated Amounts.     Operating expenses that are not allocated to our operating segments increased $5.4 million to $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, due primarily to higher personnel-related costs as compared to budget, reflecting increased employee incentives and higher self-insured healthcare costs. This compares to prior period cost control initiatives that resulted in lower than budgeted costs. We estimate certain personnel-related costs and allocate these budgeted expenses to the operating segments. This allocation differs from actual expense and consequently yields a difference that is reported under the caption  Unallocated Amounts.  To a lesser extent, certain foreign exchange losses on monetary assets increased due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies and certain state tax incentives, which decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Partially offsetting these increases was an   $8.2 million impairment charge recorded in the third quarter of 2015, related to     internally-developed software not yet placed into service as a result of a strategic shift to refocus our development efforts within our veterinary software and services business.    

Interest Income and Interest Expense    

Interest income was $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1.7 million for   the same period in the prior year  . The increase in interest income was due primarily to a larger relative portfolio of marketable securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year.    

Interest expense   was $24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $21.3 million for the same period of the prior year. The increase in interest expense resulted from higher relative interest incurred in 2016 as result of approximately $250 million in senior notes that we issued and sold through private placements during the first half of 2015, for which fixed interest rates range from 1.785 percent to 3.72 percent. Additionally, the increase in interest expense was due to higher relative interest rates on our Credit Facility. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report for additional information regarding our senior notes and Credit Facility. 

35      

Provision for Income Taxes  

Our effective income tax rate was 30.7 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 30.8 percent for the same period in the prior year.  In the rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a tax benefit associated with the U.S. R D tax credit.  There was no available R D tax credit during the period ending September 30, 2015, because the credit had not yet been extended.  In December 2015, the R D tax credit was permanently extended with retroactive   application to January 1, 2015.  As a result, we fully recognized the related 2015 tax benefit entirely in the fourth quarter of 2015.    This favorable factor was offset by a shift in earnings mix in 2016, with relatively higher earnings subject to domestic tax rates as opposed to lower international tax rates, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates.    

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

We are evaluating the impact that several recent accounting amendments related to share-based payment transactions, leases, and revenue recognition will have on our consolidated financial statements. Other recently issued accounting pronouncements did not have and are not expected to have a significant effect on our financial condition   and results of operations. See Note 2 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item1 of this Form 10-Q. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Liquidity  

We fund the capital needs of our business through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, proceeds from long-term senior note financings and amounts available under our $850 million Credit Facility. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $391.5 million and $342.6 million, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Working capital, including our Credit Facility, totaled $67.9 million and negative $35.1 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   Additionally, at September 30, 2016, we had remaining borrowing availability of $361 million under our $850 million Credit Facility. We believe that, if necessary, we could obtain additional borrowings at   similar rates to our existing borrowings to fund our growth objectives. We further believe that current cash and cash equivalents, our portfolio of short-duration marketable securities, funds generated from operations and committed borrowing availability will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital purchase requirements, and anticipated growth needs for the next twelve months. We believe that these resources, coupled with our ability, as needed, to obtain additional financing on favorable terms will also be sufficient for the foreseeable future to fund our business as currently conducted. 

We consider the majority of the operating earnings of certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the U.S.   No provision has been made for the payment of U.S. federal and state or international taxes that may result from future remittances of these undistributed earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries.   Changes to this position could have adverse tax consequences.   A determination of the related tax liability that would be paid on these undistributed earnings if repatriated is not practicable for several reasons, including the complexity of laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions where we operate, the varying tax treatment of potential repatriation scenarios and the timing of any future repatriation.   We manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among all of our subsidiaries. Our foreign cash and marketable securities are generally available without restrictions to fund ordinary business operations outside the U.S.  

Of our total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at September 30, 2016, approximately $389.5 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries and was subject to material repatriation tax effects. We   held marketable securities with original maturities of three years or less that had an average AA- credit rating as of   September   30, 2016. Of the $241.4 million in marketable securities held as of September 30, 2016, approximately 59 percent of the fair value of our marketable securities consisted of corporate bonds, 13 percent consisted of  certificates of deposit, 12 percent consisted of asset backed securities, with the remainder consisting of commercial paper, U  .S. government bonds and municipal bonds. Of the $150.1 million of cash and cash equivalents held as of September 30, 2016, 94 percent was held as bank deposits, with the remainder invested in money market funds invested in highly liquid investment-grade and U.S. government and agency fixed-income securities, commercial paper and agency bonds   with original maturities of less than ninety days.   As of September 30, 2016, approximately 68 percent of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by our foreign subsidiaries was held in U.S. dollars. 

Should we require more capital in the U.S. than is generated by our operations domestically, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, we could elect to repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances. These alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates or increased interest expense and other dilution of our earnings. We have borrowed funds domestically and believe we will continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates.    

36      

The following table presents additional key information concerning working capital:  

(1)   Days sales outstanding represents the average of the accounts receivable balances at the beginning and end of each quarter divided by revenue for that quarter, the result of which is then multiplied by 91.25 days. 

(2)   Inventory turns represent inventory-related cost of product revenue for the 12 months preceding each quarter-end divided by the inventory balance at the end of the quarter. 

Sources and Uses of Cash  

The following table presents cash   provided (  used  )  : 

Operating Activities.   Cash provide  d by operating activities was $2  3  4  .  5   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016, as compared to $142  .5 million for the same period of the prior   year.   The total of net income and net non-cash charges, excluding the impact of reclassifying the tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements to a financing activity, was $253.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $219.8 million for the same period in 2015, resulting in incremental operating cash flows of $34.1 million driven primarily by higher net income, higher   provision for   deferred income taxes and increased depreciation and amortization expense during the n  i  ne months ended Sep  tember 30, 2016. These increases   were partially offset by   an   impairment charge of software-in-development   in the third quarter of 2015  . The total of changes in operating assets and liabilities and the tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements decreased cash by $19.4 million and $77.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting in an incremental increase in cash of $57.9 million.    

The following table presents cash flows from changes in operating assets and liabilities and the tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements:  

The decrease in cash used by accounts receivable during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 resulted from the absence of one-time impacts related to our change in U.S. commercial strategy beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014. Our transition to an all-direct strategy in the U.S., including the establishment of accounts receivable directly with our U.S. end-users that previously purchased from our U.S. distribution partners, resulted in a significant use of cash during the first half of 2015. Cash provided by inventory during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, as compared to cash used during the same period in the prior year, was the result of operational initiatives to optimize inventory levels following a period of inventory growth to support new products and increasing demand. Cash used by other assets and liabilities during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, was the result of higher taxable income as compared to the same period in the prior year. Income tax payments were lower during the first   nine months   of 2015  resulting from one-time impacts of implementing our U.S. all-direct strategy and the benefit from the Tax Increase Prevention Act enactment late in the fourth quarter of 2014, resulting in cash provided by other assets and liabilities during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015. 

37      

We   have historically experienced proportionally lower net cash flows from operating activities during the first quarter and proportionally   higher cash flows from operating activities for the remainder of the year and for the annual period driven primarily by payments related to annual employee incentive programs in the first quarter following the year for which the bonuses were earned and the seasonality of vector-borne disease testing, which has historically resulted in significant increases in accounts receivable balances during the first quarter of the year. 

Investing Activities.   Ca  sh used by investing activities was $76.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $282.4 million for the same   period of the prior year. The decrease in cash used by investing activities was primarily due to lower relative net purchases of marketable securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   as compared to the same period of the prior year. 

Our total capital expenditure plan for 2016 is e  stimated to be   approximately $80 million,   which includes capital investments in manufacturing and reference laboratory equipment, investments in internal use software and information technology infrastructure and the renovation and expansion of our facilities and reference laboratories. 

Financing Activities.   Cash used b  y financing activities was $141.2   million   for the nine months ended September 30  , 2016  ,   as compared to cash   used by financing activities     of   $3  6  .  4   million   for the same p  eriod in 2015.   Cash used   for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was due to the absence of a long-term debt issuance in the first half of 2016, as compared to the aggregate issuance of approximately $250 million of senior notes during the same period of the prior year, partly offset by a decrease in cash used to repurchase our common stock with higher net repayments under the Credit Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year. 

Cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock decreased $  217  .  5   million during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year.     Share repurchases have moderated relative to the same period of the prior year as we have achieved a debt leverage ratio consistent with our long-term target range. From the inception of our share repurchase   program in August 1999 to September    3  0, 2016, we have repurchased 59.3     million shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased 1.1 million shares for a cash outflow of $88.2 million, as compared to purchases of 4.3 million shares for a cash outflow of $313.1 million during the same period of the prior year. We   believe that the repurchase of our common stock is a favorable means of returning value to our shareholders and we also repurchase our stock to offset the dilutive effect of our share-based compensation programs. Repurchases of our common stock may vary depending upon the level of other investing activities and the share price. See Note 9 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information about our share repurchases. 

Net borrowing and repayment activity under the Credit Facility resulted in incremental cash   used of $78  .  5 million during the nine   months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of the prior year. At September 30, 2016, we had $488.0   million outstanding under the Credit Facility.   The   general availability of funds under the Credit Facility was further reduced by $1.0 million for a letter of credit   that was issued in connection with claims under our workers  compensation policy.   The Credit Facility contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants customary for financings of this type. The negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Company, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. The obligations under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Facility, which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the failure to pay specified indebtedness, cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness and a change of control default. 

Since December 2013, we have issued and sold through private placements senior notes having an aggregate principal amount of   approximately $600 million   pursuant to certain note purchase agreements (collectively, the  Senior Note Agreements ). The Senior Note Agreements contain affirmative, negative and financial covenants customary for agreements of this type. The negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of our subsidiaries, priority indebtedness, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report for additional information regarding our senior notes. 

38      

Should we elect to prepay the senior notes, such aggregate prepayment will include the applicable make-whole amount(s), as defined within the applicable Senior Note Agreements. Additionally,   in the event of a change in control of the Company or upon the disposition of certain assets of the Company the proceeds of which are not reinvested (as defined in the Senior Note Agreements), we may be required to prepay all or a portion of the Senior Notes.   The obligations under the Senior Notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the applicable Senior Note Agreement, each of which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the failure to pay specified indebtedness and cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness. 

The sole financial covenant of our Credit Facility and Senior Note Agreements is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other non-cash charges ( Adjusted EBITDA ) not to exceed 3.5-to-1. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Facility and Senior Note Agreements.     The following details our consolidated leverage ratio calculation as of September 30, 2016: 

Adjusted EBITDA, gross debt, net debt, gross debt to Adjusted EBITDA and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio are non-GAAP financial measures which   sh  o  u  ld     b  e     c  o  ns  i  d  e  r  ed     in     a  dd  ition     t  o  , a  n  d     n  o  t     a  s     a    r  e  p  lac  e  m  e  n  t     f  o  r, financial measures presented according to U.S. GAAP.    M  a  n  a  g  e  m  e  n  t     b  elie  v  es     t  h  at     reporting these non-GAAP financial measures provides supplemental analysis to help investors further evaluate our business performance and available borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility.    

Other Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees  

Significant commitments, contingencies and guarantees at   September 30, 2016,   are consistent with those discussed     in the section under the heading  Part   II  , Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources,  and   in Note 14   to the consolidated financial statements in our   2015   Annual Report  .   

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk affecting IDEXX, see the section under the heading  Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Ma  rket Risk  of our 2015   Annual Report. As of the date of this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no   material changes to the ma  rket risks described in our 2015   Annual Report.    

39      

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures, as   defined by the S  EC in its Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC     s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the ev  aluation of our disclosure con  trols and procedures at September 30, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.   

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under th  e Exchange Act) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings  

Due to the nature of our activities, we are at times subject to pending and threatened legal actions that arise out of the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, based in part upon advice of legal counsel, the disposition of any such currently pending matters is not expected to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the results of legal actions cannot be predicted with certainty. Therefore, it is possible that our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more legal actions. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our 2015 Annual Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the 2015 Annual Report. The risks described in our 2015 Annual Report are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 

40      

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased shares of common stock as described below:     

(1) 

On August 13, 1999, our Board of Directors approved and announced the repurchase of our common stock in the open market or in negotiated transactions pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program. The authorization has been increased by the Board of Directors on numerous occasions; most recently the maximum level of shares that may be repurchased under the program was increased to 65 million shares on June 15, 2015. There is no specified expiration date for this repurchase program. There were no other repurchase programs outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and no repurchase programs expired during the period. Repurchases of 142,110 shares were made during the three months ended September 30, 2016 in transactions made pursuant to our repurchase program.      

(2) 

During the three months ended September   30, 2016, we received   1,929   shares of our common stock that were surrendered by employees in payment for the minimum required withholding taxes due on the vesting of restricted stock units and settlement of deferred stock units. In the above table, these shares are included in columns (a) and (b), but excluded from columns (c) and (d). These shares do not reduce the number of shares that may yet be purchased under the repurchase program.     

41      

Item 6.    Exhibits    

42      

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.    

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC.  

By:   /s/   Brian P. McKeon     

Date:   November 1, 2016  

Brian P. McKeon  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer      
					 
						 and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)  

43      

Exhibit Index    

44      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c716-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan W. Ayers, certify that: 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this   r  eport does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this   r  eport;     

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this   r  eport, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this   r  eport;     

4) 

The regist  rant s other certifying officer   and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

D  esigned such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this   r  eport is being prepared;     

b) 

D  esigned such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

E  valuated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this   r  eport our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this   r  eport, based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

D  isclosed in this   r  eport any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter   (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5) 

The registra  nt s other certifying officer   and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of   the   registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

A  ll significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

A  ny fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November 1  , 2016  

/s/ Jonathan W. Ayers  

Jonathan W. Ayers  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c716-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,   Brian P. McKeon  , certify that: 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this   r  eport does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this   r  eport;     

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this   r  eport, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this   r  eport;     

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

D  esigned such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this   r  eport is being prepared;     

b) 

D  esigned such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

E  valuated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this    r  eport our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this   r  eport, based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

D  isclosed in this   r  eport any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter   (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of   the   registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

A  ll significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

A  ny fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November   1  , 2016  

/s/ Brian P. McKe  on  

Brian P. McKeon  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   
					 
						 and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 c716-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.     SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED BY 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the   r  eport on Form 10-  Q   of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (the  Company ) for the   quarter   ended   September 30  , 201  6   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

November 1  ,   2016  

/s/ Jonathan W. Ayers  

Jonathan W. Ayers  
					 
						 Chairman,     President and Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and will be retained by IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 c716-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.     SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED BY 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the   r  eport on Form 10-  Q   of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (the  Company ) for the   quarter   ended   September 30  ,    201  6   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

November 1  ,    2016  

/s/ Brian P. McKeon  

Brian P. McKeon  
					 
						 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 a  nd Treasurer     

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and will be retained by IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 c716-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 c716-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 c716-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 c716-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 c716-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 c716-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

