<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_844161_0001558370-16-010468_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8545876</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1215995</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>261150</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3760425</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1778263</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>925487</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010468.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208164728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010468
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHEROKEE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WOMEN'S, MISSES', AND JUNIORS OUTERWEAR [2330]
		IRS NUMBER:				954182437
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18640
		FILM NUMBER:		162041948

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5990 SEPULVEDA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 908-9868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5990 SEPULVEDA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREEN ACQUISITION CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010468.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 chke-20161029x10q.htm
 10-Q

chke_Current_Folio_10Q_Taxonomy2015

Table of Contents   

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 29, 2016. 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Transition Period From            to            . 

Commission file number 0-18640 

CHEROKEE INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

95-4182437  

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization)  

(IRS employer identification number)  

5990 Sepulveda Boulevard, Sherman Oaks, CA  

91411  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

Zip Code  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code    (818) 908-9868 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    No   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2 

Table of Contents   

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S 

CHEROKEE INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  S 

Unaudited 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See the accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

Unaudited 

(amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See the accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOM  E (LOSS) 

Unaudited 

(amounts in thousands) 

See the accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUIT  Y 

Unaudited 

(amounts in thousands) 

See the accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW  S 

Unaudited 

(amounts in thousands) 

See the accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents   

CHEROKEE INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S 

(Amounts in thousands, except percentages, share and per share amounts) 

(1)     Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of October 29, 2016 and for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cherokee Inc. ( Cherokee  or the  Company ) and its consolidated subsidiaries and have not been audited by independent registered public accountants, but include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which in the opinion of management of Cherokee are necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial position and the results of operations for the periods presented. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated during the consolidation process. The accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of January 30, 2016 has been derived from audited consolidated financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP for an audited balance sheet. The results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending January 28, 2017 or for any other period. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 

As used herein, the term  First Quarter  refers to the three months ended April 30, 2016; the term  Second Quarter  refers to the three months ended July 30, 2016; the term  Third Quarter  refers to the three months ended October 29, 2016; the term  Nine Months  refers to the nine months ended October 29, 2016; the term  Fiscal 2019  refers to the fiscal year ending February 2, 2019; the term  Fiscal 2018  refers to the fiscal year ending February 3, 2018; the term  Fiscal 2017  refers to the fiscal year ending January 28, 2017; the term  Fiscal 2016  refers to the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016; and the term  Fiscal 2015  refers to fiscal year ended January 31, 2015. 

(2)     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Receivables 

Receivables are reported at amounts the Company expects to be collected, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors, such as: historical experience, age of accounts receivable balances, credit quality of the Company s licensees or franchisees, current economic conditions, bankruptcy, and other factors that may affect the Company s licensees  or franchisees  ability to pay. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts as of October 29, 2016 or January 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued new guidance relating to revenue from contracts with customers that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board deferred the effective date of this guidance for all entities by one year. As a result, this guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The anticipated impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements is still being evaluated. 

8 

Table of Contents   

In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance that modifies the balance sheet classification for deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent in a statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and allows for full retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. The Company has early adopted this guidance, as of January 30, 2016, which is reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance that modifies existing guidance for off-balance sheet treatment of a lessees  operating leases. This guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after January 1, 2019 and allows for early adoption. The anticipated impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s financial statements is still being evaluated. 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance that simplifies accounting for employee share-based payments. This guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and allows for early adoption. The anticipated impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s financial statements is still being evaluated. 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance that reduces the diversity in practice of the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments within the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and allows for early adoption. The anticipated impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s financial statements is still being evaluated. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, impairment of long-lived assets, contingencies and litigation, stock-based compensation and income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical and anticipated results, trends and various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, including expectations about future events. These estimates form the basis for making assumptions about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased and money market funds purchased with an original maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, the Company s cash and cash equivalents exceeded Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits.  

9 

Table of Contents   

Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue 

The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of a sale arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the buyer s price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Revenues from royalty and brand representation agreements are recognized when earned by applying contractual royalty rates to quarterly point of sale data received from the Company s licensees. The Company's royalty recognition policy provides for recognition of royalties in the quarter earned. 

The Company s agreement with Target Corporation ( Target ) covering sales of Cherokee branded products in the U.S. accounts for a large portion of the Company s historical revenues and, for most such products, is structured to provide royalty rate reductions once certain cumulative levels of retail sales are achieved by Target. With respect to Target s sales in the U.S. of Cherokee branded products other than in the school uniforms category and adult products sold on Target s website, revenue is recognized by applying the reduced contractual royalty rates prospectively to point of sale data after defined sales thresholds are exceeded. The royalty rate reductions do not apply retroactively to sales since the beginning of the fiscal year. As a result, the Company s historical royalty revenues as a percentage of Target s retail sales in the U.S. are highest at the beginning of each fiscal year and decrease during the fiscal year as Target exceeds sales thresholds as set forth in the Company s agreement with Target. The amount of Cherokee brand royalty revenue earned by the Company from Target in any quarter is dependent not only on Target s retail sales of Cherokee branded products in the U.S. in each quarter, but also on the royalty rate then in effect after considering Target s cumulative level of retail sales for most Cherokee branded products in the U.S. for the fiscal year. Historically, with Target, this has caused the Company to record its highest revenues and profits in its first quarter and its lowest revenues and profits in its fourth quarter. Any continuation of the Company s historical revenue and profit patterns or development of any new revenue or profit patterns will depend upon, among other things, the terms of the Company s license and franchise agreements, including the Target license agreement through the remainder of Fiscal 2017, the terms of any new license or franchise agreements, and retail sales volumes achieved from Target in the remaining quarter of its agreement and the Company s other licensees and franchisees that are not subject to reduced royalty rates based upon cumulative sales. 

Revenues from arrangements involving license fees, up-front payments and milestone payments, which are received or billable by the Company in connection with other rights and services that represent continuing obligations of the Company, are deferred and recognized in accordance with the license agreement. Deferred revenues also represent minimum licensee revenue royalties paid in advance of the culmination of the earnings process, the majority of which are non refundable to the licensee. Deferred revenues will be recognized as revenue in future periods in accordance with the license agreement. 

Franchise revenues includes royalties and franchise fees. Royalties from franchisees are based on a percentage of net sales of the franchisee and are recognized as earned. Initial franchise fees are recorded as deferred revenue when received and are recognized as revenue when a franchised location commences operations, as all material services and conditions related to the franchise fee have been substantially performed upon the location opening. Renewal franchise fees are recognized as revenue when the franchise agreements are signed and the fee is paid, since there are no material services and conditions related to these franchise fees.  

In order to ensure that Cherokee s licensees and franchisees are appropriately reporting and calculating royalties owed to Cherokee, all of Cherokee s license and franchise agreements include audit rights to allow Cherokee to validate the amount of the royalties paid. Any revenue resulting from these audits, or other audits, is recognized in the financial statements of the current reporting period. 

Foreign Withholding Taxes 

Licensing and franchising revenue is recognized gross of withholding taxes that are remitted by the Company s licensees and franchisees directly to their local tax authorities. 

10 

Table of Contents   

Deferred Financing Costs and Debt Discount 

Deferred financing costs and debt discounts are capitalized and amortized into interest expense over the life of the debt. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consist of the following: 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of property and equipment sold or retired are written off, and the resulting gains or losses are included in current operations. Depreciation is provided on a straight line basis over the estimated useful life of the related asset. 

Computers and related equipment and software are depreciated over three years. Furniture and store fixtures are depreciated over the shorter of seven years, or the remaining term of the corresponding license agreement. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of five years, or the remaining life of the applicable lease term. Depreciation expense was $137 and $393 for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016, respectively, and $115 and $322 for the three and nine month period ended October 31, 2015, respectively. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share Computation (amounts in thousands, including share amounts) 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ) computations for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015: 

11 

Table of Contents   

The computation for the diluted number of shares excludes unexercised stock options that are anti-dilutive. There were 1,020 and 720 shares underlying anti-dilutive stock options for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016, respectively, and 335 and 198 shares underlying anti-dilutive stock options for the three and nine month period ended October 31, 2015, respectively. 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is similar to the computation for basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares had been issued. 

Significant Contracts 

The terms of the Company s relationship with Target are set forth in a restated license agreement with Target, which was entered into effective as of February 1, 2008 and amended (i) on January 31, 2013 to add the category of school uniforms, (ii) on April 3, 2013 to provide for a fixed royalty rate of 2% for sales of Cherokee branded products in the category of adult merchandise sold on Target s website (target.com) beginning in Fiscal 2015 and (iii) on January 6, 2014 to reflect Target s election to renew the agreement through January 31, 2017 and to provide that Target can renew the agreement for successive two (2) year periods, provided that it satisfies the minimum annual royalty payment of $10,500 for the preceding fiscal year (the  Restated Target Agreement ). The Restated Target Agreement grants Target the exclusive right in the United States to use the Cherokee trademarks in various specified categories of merchandise. In September 2015, Target informed the Company that the Restated Target Agreement would not be renewed and will terminate at the end of its current term, which expires January 31, 2017 (except with respect to Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category, which will expire at the end of its current term on January 31, 2018). The Restated Target Agreement, including the existing royalty obligations, will remain in effect and continue to generate revenues to Cherokee until its expiration.  

Under the terms of the Restated Target Agreement, Target s minimum annual royalty payment is $10,500 and applies to all sales made by Target in the United States, other than sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category (which products are subject to a separate minimum annual royalty payment of $800). Under the Restated Target Agreement, Target has agreed to pay royalties based on a percentage of Target s net sales of Cherokee branded merchandise during each fiscal year, which percentage varies according to the volume of sales of merchandise other than sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category and, beginning in Fiscal 2015, other than sales of Cherokee branded products in the adult merchandise category that are made on Target s website. The Company assumed a separate license agreement with Target for the Liz Lange brand in connection with the Company s acquisition of the applicable assets in September 2012. The Company s relationship with Target for the Liz Lange brand has been renewed through January 31, 2018. 

In connection with the acquisition of the  Hawk  and  Tony Hawk  signature apparel brands and related trademarks in January 2014, Cherokee and Kohl s Illinois, Inc. ( Kohl s ) entered into an amended license agreement. Pursuant to the license agreement, Kohl s is granted the exclusive right to sell Tony Hawk and Hawk branded apparel and related products in the United States for a four-year term and has agreed to pay Cherokee an annual royalty rate for its sales of Hawk branded signature apparel and related products in the United States, subject to a minimum annual royalty payment of $4,800. 

12 

Table of Contents   

Stock-Based Compensation 

Effective July 16, 2013, the Company s stockholders approved the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, and effective June 6, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of such plan (as amended and restated, the  2013 Plan ). The 2013 Plan serves as the successor to the 2006 Incentive Award Plan (which includes the 2003 Incentive Award Plan as amended by the adoption of the 2006 Incentive Award Plan) (the  2006 Plan ). The 2013 Plan authorizes to be issued (i) 1,200,000 additional shares of common stock, and (ii) 121,484 shares of common stock previously reserved but unissued under the 2006 Plan. No future grants will be awarded under the 2006 Plan, but outstanding awards previously granted under the 2006 Plan continue to be governed by its terms. Any shares of common stock that are subject to outstanding awards under the 2006 Plan which are forfeited, terminate or expire unexercised and would otherwise have been returned to the share reserve under the 2006 Plan will be available for issuance as common stock under the 2013 Plan. The 2013 Plan provides for the issuance of equity-based awards to officers, other employees, and directors.  

Stock Options 

Stock options issued to employees are granted at the market price on the date of grant, generally vest over a three-year period, and generally expire seven to ten years from the date of grant. The Company issues new shares of common stock upon exercise of stock options. The Company has also granted non-plan stock options to certain executives as a material inducement for employment. The Company accounts for stock options under authoritative guidance, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values. 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period in the consolidated statements of operations. The compensation expense recognized for all stock-based awards is net of estimated forfeitures over the award s service period. 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses for stock options for the Third Quarter and Nine Months was $245 and $792, as compared to $319 and $774 for the third quarter and nine months ended October 31, 2015. 

A summary of activity for the Company s stock options for the Nine Months is as follows: 

As of October 29, 2016, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options was approximately $1,315, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.57 years. The total fair value of all options that vested during the Nine Months was $1,300.   

13 

Table of Contents   

Performance Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units 

In April 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Company s board of directors granted certain performance-based equity awards, which are sometimes referred to as performance stock units, to executives under the 2013 Plan. 

The performance metric applicable to such awards is compound stock price growth, using the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 5, 2016, or $16.89, as the benchmark. The target growth rate is 10% annually, which results in an average share price target of (i) $18.58 for Fiscal 2017, (ii) $20.44 for Fiscal 2018 and (iii) $22.48 for Fiscal 2019. The average share price will be calculated as the average of all market closing prices during the January preceding the applicable fiscal year end. If a target is met at the end of a fiscal year, one third of the shares subject to the award will vest. If the stock price target is not met at the end of a fiscal year, the relevant portion of the shares subject to the award will not vest but will roll over to the following fiscal year. The executive must continue to be employed by the Company through the relevant vesting dates to be eligible for vesting.  

Since the vesting of these performance-based equity awards is subject to market based performance conditions, the fair value of these awards was measured on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation model for each vesting tranche. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the performance conditions stipulated in the award and calculates the fair market value for the performance stock units granted. The Monte Carlo simulation model also uses stock price volatility and other variables to estimate the probability of satisfying the performance conditions and the resulting fair value of the award. 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units and performance stock units for the Third Quarter and Nine Months was $296 and $1,000 compared to $345 and $833 for the third quarter and nine months ended October 31, 2015. 

A summary of activity for the Company s restricted stock units and performance stock units for the Nine Months is as follows: 

As of October 29, 2016, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units and performance stock units was approximately $2,144, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.61 years. 

Intangible Assets 

The Company holds various trademarks including Cherokee     , Liz Lange     , Completely Me by Liz Lange     , Hawk     , Tony Hawk     , Everyday California     , Flip Flop Shops     , Sideout     , Sideout Sport     , Carole Little     , Saint Tropez-West     , Chorus Line     , All That Jazz     , and others, in connection with numerous categories of apparel and other goods. These trademarks are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and corresponding government agencies in a number of other countries. The Company also holds trademark applications for Cherokee, Liz Lange, Completely Me by Liz Lange, Hawk, Tony Hawk, Everyday California, Flip Flop Shops, Sideout, Sideout Sport, Carole Little, Saint Tropez-West, Chorus Line, All That Jazz, and others, in numerous countries. The Company intends to renew these registrations, as appropriate, prior to expiration. The Company monitors on an ongoing basis unauthorized uses of the Company s trademarks, and relies primarily upon a combination of trademark, copyright, know-how, trade secrets, and contractual restrictions to protect the Company s intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally. Refer to Note 7  Subsequent Events  as it relates to intangible assets.  

14 

Table of Contents   

Trademark registration and renewal fees are capitalized and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Trademark acquisitions are capitalized and are either amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, or are capitalized as indefinite-lived assets, if no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic, or other factors limit their useful lives to Cherokee. Trademarks are evaluated for the possibility of impairment at least annually or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment. 

Franchise agreements have been treated as finite-lived and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the agreements. Franchise agreements are evaluated for the possibility of impairment at least annually or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment. 

Goodwill is evaluated for the possibility of impairment at least annually or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment. 

Intangible assets consist of the following: 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value into three broad levels as follows: 

Level 1:  Observable inputs, such as quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets 

Level 2:  Other inputs that are observable directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or market-corroborated inputs 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the owner of the assets or liabilities to develop its own assumptions about how market participants would price these assets or liabilities 

The carrying amount of receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Long-term debt approximates fair value due to the variable rate nature of the debt. 

The realizability of long-lived assets is evaluated periodically as events or circumstances indicate a possible inability to recover the carrying amount. Long-lived assets that will no longer be used in the business are written off in the period identified since they will no longer generate any positive cash flows for the Company. Periodically, long-lived assets that will continue to be used by the Company need to be evaluated for recoverability when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment. Such evaluation is based on various analyses, including cash flow and profitability projections. The analyses involve management judgment. In the event the projected undiscounted cash flows are less than the net book value of the assets, the carrying value of the assets will be written down to their estimated fair value, in accordance with authoritative guidance. The estimated undiscounted cash flows used for this nonrecurring fair value measurement are considered a Level 3 input, which consist of unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability. These inputs would be based on the best information available, including the Company s own data. 

15 

Table of Contents   

Income Taxes 

Income tax benefit of $489 was recognized for the Third Quarter, resulting in an effective tax rate of 35.9% in the Third Quarter, as compared to 34.2% in the third quarter of Fiscal 2016 and compared to 34.1% for the full year of Fiscal 2016. The effective tax rate for the Third Quarter differs from the statutory rate due to the effect of certain permanent nondeductible expenses, the apportionment of income among state jurisdictions, and the benefit of certain tax credits. 

In accordance with authoritative guidance, interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are included within the provision for taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The total amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the Third Quarter was $0 as compared with $(36) in the third quarter of Fiscal 2016. As of October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, the total amount of accrued interest and penalties included in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits was $0. 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and California and certain other state jurisdictions. For federal income tax purposes, the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013 and later tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under the normal three year statute of limitations. For state tax purposes, the fiscal year ended January 28, 2012 and later tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a four year statute of limitations. 

Marketing and Advertising 

Generally, the Company s licensees fund their own advertising programs. Cherokee s marketing, advertising and promotional costs were approximately $1,059 and $858 for the nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively. These costs are expensed as incurred and were accounted for as selling, general and administrative expenses. 

The Company provides marketing expense money to certain large licensees based upon sales criteria to help them build the Company s licensed brands in their respective territories, thus providing an identifiable benefit to Cherokee. The amounts paid for such marketing expenses during the nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 were approximately $521 and $396, respectively, and are included in the Company s total marketing, advertising and promotional costs. 

Deferred Rent and Lease Incentives 

When a lease includes lease incentives (such as a rent abatement) or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, rental expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and amounts payable under the lease is included in deferred rent and lease incentives in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For leasehold allowances, the Company records a deferred lease credit on the consolidated balance sheets and amortizes the deferred lease credit as a reduction of rent expense in the consolidated statements of operations over the term of the lease. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Authoritative guidance establishes standards for reporting comprehensive income (loss) and its components in financial statements. Comprehensive income (loss), as defined, includes all changes in equity (net assets) during a period from non-owner sources. For the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, the Company had no comprehensive income (loss) components and accordingly, net income (loss) equals comprehensive income (loss). 

16 

Table of Contents   

Treasury Stock 

Repurchased shares of the Company s common stock are held as treasury shares until they are reissued or retired. When the Company reissues treasury stock, and the proceeds from the sale exceed the average price that was paid by the Company to acquire the shares, the Company records such excess as an increase in additional paid-in capital.  

Conversely, if the proceeds from the sale are less than the average price the Company paid to acquire the shares, the Company records such difference as a decrease in additional paid-in capital to the extent of increases previously recorded, with the balance recorded as a decrease in retained earnings. 

Additionally, if treasury stock is retired, the excess of repurchase price over par value is recorded as a decrease in retained earnings. 

17 

Table of Contents   

(3)     Debt 

Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase 

On September 4, 2012, Cherokee and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ( JPMorgan ) entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ), which was amended on January 31, 2013 in connection with the Company s acquisition of rights related to the Cherokee brand in the school uniforms category, was further amended on January 10, 2014 in connection with the Company s acquisition of the Hawk and Tony Hawk brands, was further amended on October 13, 2015 in connection with the Company s acquisition of the Flip Flop Shops trademark, brand name and franchisee relationships and was further amended on May 27, 2016 to extend the maturity dates of the amounts owed under the Credit Agreement and to permit the Company to make stock repurchases in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000 without obtaining JPMorgan s prior consent. 

As of October 29, 2016, Cherokee s total borrowings under the Credit Agreement totaled approximately $17,211 and are evidenced by: (i) a term note that was originally issued as of September 4, 2012 (as amended, the  2013 Term Note ), which was issued in the principal amount of $16,600 and of which approximately $3,544 was outstanding as of October 29, 2016; (ii) a term note that was originally issued as of January 10, 2014 (as amended, the  2014 Term Note ), which was issued in the principal amount of $19,000 and of which approximately $8,867 was outstanding as of October 29, 2016; (iii) a term note that was originally issued October 13, 2015 (as amended, the  2015 Term Note  and, together with the 2013 Term Note and the 2014 Term Note, the  Term Notes ), which was issued in the principal amount of $6,000 and of which approximately $4,800 was outstanding as of October 29, 2016; and (iv) a line of credit note that was originally issued as of September 4, 2012 (as amended, the  Revolver ) which provides Cherokee with a revolving line of credit in the principal amount of $2,000,  none of which was outstanding as of October 29, 2016. Pursuant to amendments to the Credit Agreement, the Term Notes and the Revolver dated May 27, 2016, the maturity dates thereof were amended as follows: (i) the maturity date of the 2013 Term Note is August 31, 2017; (ii) the maturity date of the 2014 Term Note is December 31, 2018; (iii) the maturity date of the 2015 Term Note is October 13, 2020; and (iv) if any amounts are outstanding thereunder, the maturity date of the Revolver is June 30, 2017. The principal outstanding under each Term Note is to be repaid on a quarterly basis in equal principal installments, with any remaining principal balance due on the maturity date of the Term Note. The Term Notes bear interest equal to either: (i) an adjusted annual LIBOR rate reset monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly, plus 2.75% or 3.00% depending on the applicable senior funded debt ratio or (ii) JPMorgan s annual prime rate or such annual prime rate plus 0.25% depending on the applicable senior funded debt ratio, with a floor equal to the 1 month LIBOR rate plus 2.5%. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the definition of  senior funded debt ratio  requires that Cherokee not exceed a ratio equal to (i) 2.25 to 1.00 until the fiscal quarter ended January 30, 2016, and (ii) 2.00 to 1.00 thereafter.  

Consistent with the existing terms of the Credit Agreement, the amounts owed thereunder are secured by continuing security agreements, trademark security agreements and continuing guarantees executed by Cherokee and its subsidiaries, as applicable. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes various restrictions and covenants regarding the operation of Cherokee s business, including covenants that require Cherokee to obtain JPMorgan s consent in certain circumstances before Cherokee can: (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) make acquisitions, mergers or consolidations in excess of $5,000 on an aggregate basis, (iii) issue any equity securities other than pursuant to Cherokee s employee equity incentive plans or programs or (iv) repurchase or redeem any outstanding shares of common stock, other than stock repurchases in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000, or pay dividends or other distributions, other than stock dividends, to Cherokee s stockholders. The Credit Agreement also imposes financial covenants, including: (i) a minimum  fixed charge coverage ratio  of at least 1.2 to 1.0 and (ii) a limitation of Cherokee s  senior funded debt ratio  as described above. Further, Cherokee has granted a security interest in favor of JPMorgan in all of Cherokee s assets (including trademarks) as collateral for the amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement. As of October 29, 2016, the Company was in compliance with its financial and other covenants under the Credit Agreement. If an event of default occurs under the Credit Agreement that is not forborne, cured or waived in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, JPMorgan has the right to terminate its obligations under the Credit Agreement, accelerate the payment on any unpaid balance of the Credit Agreement and exercise any other rights it may have, including foreclosing on our assets under the related security agreements.   

Refer to Note 7  Subsequent Events  as it relates to credit agreements. 

18 

Table of Contents   

(4)     Commitments and Contingencies 

Trademark Indemnities 

Cherokee indemnifies certain customers against liability arising from third- party claims of intellectual property rights infringement related to the Company s trademarks. These indemnities appear in the licensing agreements with the Company s customers, are not limited in amount or duration and generally survive the expiration of the contracts. Given that the amount of any potential liabilities related to such indemnities cannot be determined until an infringement claim has been made, the Company is unable to determine the range of estimated losses that it could incur related to such indemnifications. 

Litigation Reserves 

Estimated amounts for claims that are probable and can be reasonably estimated are recorded as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The likelihood of a material change in these estimated reserves would be dependent on new claims as they may arise and the expected probable favorable or unfavorable outcome of each claim. As additional information becomes available, the Company assesses the potential liability related to new claims and existing claims and revises estimates as appropriate. As new claims arise or existing claims evolve, such revisions in estimates of the potential liability could materially impact the Company s results of operations and financial position. The Company may also be involved in various other claims and other matters incidental to the Company s business, the resolution of which is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. No material amounts were accrued as of October 29, 2016 or January 30, 2016 related to any of the Company s legal proceedings. 

19 

Table of Contents   

(5)     Segment Reporting 

Authoritative guidance requires public companies to report financial and descriptive information about their reportable operating segments. The Company identifies reportable segments based on how management internally evaluates financial information, business activities and management responsibility. 

The Company operates in a single business segment, the marketing and licensing of brand names and trademarks for apparel, footwear and accessories. Cherokee s marketing and licensing activities extend to brands that the Company owns and to brands owned by others. Cherokee s operating activities relating to owned and represented brands are identical and are performed by a single group of marketing professionals. While Cherokee s principal operations are in the United States, the Company also derives royalty revenues from the Company s international licensees and franchisees. Revenues by geographic area based upon the licensees  country of domicile consisted of the following: 

Long-lived tangible assets were located in the U.S., United Kingdom, Mexico and Asia with net values of approximately $787,  $99,  $215 and $23, respectively, as of October 29, 2016 and with net values of approximately $818,  $54,  $234 and $44, respectively, as of January 30, 2016. 

(6) Stock Repurchases 

Pursuant to the approval of our board of directors ( Board of Directors ), during the Second Quarter we repurchased and retired 60,082 shares of our common stock in open market transactions at a weighted average purchase price of $12.24 and for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $735. 

(7)   Subsequent Events  

Hi-Tec Acquisition 

On November 29, 2016, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement (the  SPA ) with Sunningdale Corporation Limited (the  Seller ) and Irene Acquisition Company B.V., pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International B.V. ( Hi-Tec ) for a cash purchase price of 90,000 EURO on a cash-free debt-free basis, based on normalized working capital (the  Hi-Tec Acquisition ). The Hi-Tec Acquisition closed on December 7, 2016.  

Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries are a Dutch footwear business that design, market and sell footwear globally, primarily under the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands. Hi-Tec sells its products through major retailers, independent distributors, licensees, government contracts and direct to consumer. Through the sale of certain of the operating assets of Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries to certain of Hi-Tec's operating partners and/or distributors (the  Sale Transactions ), the Company intends to convert the Hi-Tec business to a branded licensing model consistent with its business model of identifying and securing wholesale and retail licensing partners for the commercial exploitation of the intellectual property acquired, including the Hi-Tec and Magnum trademarks acquired and retained by the Company in the Hi-Tec Acquisition.  

20 

Table of Contents   

In connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, substantially all of the then-existing indebtedness of Hi-Tec has been repaid. The SPA contains customary warranties and indemnities for a Dutch transaction. Subject to certain carve-outs and qualifications as set forth in the SPA and subject to certain limited exceptions, the Company s recourse for breaches of warranties under the SPA will be to a warranty and indemnity insurance policy.  

The Company funded the purchase price of the Hi-Tec Acquisition through cash on hand, proceeds from the Sale Transactions, the prepayment of the first year of guaranteed minimum royalties under license agreements with certain operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec, net proceeds of a public offering of the Company s common stock, proceeds from a new credit facility with Cerberus, and proceeds from a receivables funding loan extended by one of the Company s directors, each of which is described below. 

Sale Transactions and License Agreements 

On November 29, 2016, the Company and/or its affiliated entities entered into sales agreements with operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec, including Carolina Footwear Group, LLC and Batra Limited. These sales agreements provide for the sale of certain of the operating assets of Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries to these operating partners and/or distributors. The aggregate cash purchase price of the Sale Transactions is approximately $25,000, based on expected working capital and subject to certain post-closing adjustments. The Sales Transactions closed approximately concurrently with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition on December 7, 2016. 

Consistent with the Company s planned conversion of the Hi-Tec business, the Company continues to own the intellectual property assets of Hi-Tec following the Sale Transactions, and certain of the operating partners and/or distributors have entered into license agreements with the Company to license certain trademarks of Hi-Tec from, and pay royalties to, the Company. Under the associated license agreements, certain of the operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec have licensed certain trademarks of Hi-Tec in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, continental Europe, South Africa and other jurisdictions in Africa. The Company used the prepayment of the first year of guaranteed minimum royalties under these license agreements to pay approximately $7,000 of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition.  

Public Offering 

On November 29, 2016, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the  Underwriter ) relating to the firm commitment public offering (the  Offering ) of 4,237,750 shares of the Company s common stock, including an additional 552,750 shares of its common stock to cover over-allotments, at a public offering price of $9.50 per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $38,000, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Offering closed on December 2, 2016 and the net proceeds of the Offering have been used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition. 

Cerberus Credit Facility 

On December 7, 2016, in connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, the Company entered into a senior secured credit facility with Cerberus, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders from time to time party thereto, pursuant to which the Company is permitted to borrow (i) up to $5,000 under a revolving credit facility, and (ii) up to $45,000 under a term loan facility. Also on December 7, 2016, the Company utilized $45,000 under the Cerberus term loan facility and has used a portion of such borrowings to fund the Hi-Tec Acquisition, including the repayment of the outstanding indebtedness of Hi-Tec, and, as described in Note 3 above, to repay all amounts owed under the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan. The Company expects to use the remaining amount of borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility for general working capital.  

The Cerberus credit facility is secured by a first priority lien on, and security in, substantially all of the Company s assets and those of the Company s subsidiaries, is guaranteed by our subsidiaries and has a five-year term. The Cerberus credit facility bears interest at a rate per annum equal to either the rate of interest publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan in New York, New York as its reference rate, base rate or prime rate or LIBOR plus, in each   

21 

Table of Contents   

case, the applicable margin and subject to the applicable rate floor. Borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility are subject to certain maintenance and other fees. The terms of the Cerberus credit facility include financial covenants that set financial standards the Company will be required to maintain and operating covenants that impose various restrictions and obligations regarding the operation of the Company s business, including covenants that require the Company to obtain Cerberus s consent before the Company can take certain specified actions.  

Receivables Funding Loan  

On December 7, 2016, in connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, the Company entered into an unsecured receivables funding loan agreement for $5,000 with Jess Ravich, the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The receivables funding loan bears interest at a rate of 9.5% per annum and is subject to a fee equal to 2.5% of the principal amount of the loan, of approximately $125, which was paid at closing. The outstanding principal and accrued interest under the receivables funding loan will be due and payable 180 days after the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition. The proceeds of the receivables funding loan have been used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition. The Company expects that certain accounts receivable assets that are expected to be collected in the ordinary course of business will be used to repay the receivables funding loan.    

22 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSI  S OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (this  MD A ) should be read together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this report. For additional context with which to understand our financial condition and results of operations, refer to the MD A for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016 contained in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on April 14, 2016, as well as the consolidated financial statements and notes contained therein (collectively, our  Annual Report ).  In addition to historical information, this MD A contains forward-looking statements based upon our current views, expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including, among others, the risks described in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this report. In preparing this MD A, we presume that readers have access to and have read the MD A in our Annual Report pursuant to Instruction 2 to paragraph (b) of Item 303 of Regulation S-K. We undertake no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date we file this report to conform such forward-looking statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as otherwise required by law. 

As used in this MD A and elsewhere in this report,  Cherokee , the  Company ,  we ,  us  and  our  refer to Cherokee Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates or requires otherwise. Additionally, as used herein, the term  First Quarter  refers to the three months ended April 30, 2016; the term  Second Quarter  refers to the three months ended July 30, 2016; the term  Third Quarter  refers to the three months ended October 29, 2016; the term  Nine Months  refers to the nine months ended October 29, 2016; the term  Fiscal 2018  refers to the fiscal year ending February 3, 2018; the term  Fiscal 2017  refers to the fiscal year ending January 28, 2017; the term  Fiscal 2016  refers to the fiscal year ending January 30, 2016; and the term  Fiscal 2015  refers to fiscal year ended January 31, 2015. 

We have a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest to January 31, which aligns us with our retail licensees who generally also operate and plan using such a fiscal year. This results in a 53-week fiscal year approximately every four or five years. Each of Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2017 is a 52-week fiscal year.  Certain of our international licensees report royalties to us for quarterly and annual periods that may differ from ours. We do not believe that the varying quarterly or annual period ending dates of our international licensees have a material impact upon our reported financial results, as these international licensees maintain comparable annual periods in which they report retail sales and royalties to us on a year-to-year basis. 

We own the registered trademarks or trademark applications for Cherokee     , Liz Lange     , Completely Me by Liz Lange     , Hawk     , Tony Hawk     , Everyday California     , Flip Flop Shops     , Hi-Tec     , Magnum     , Sideout     , Sideout Sport     , Carole Little     , Saint Tropez-West     , Chorus Line     , All That Jazz     , and others. All other trademarks, trade names and service marks included in this MD A or elsewhere in this report are the property of their respective owners. 

Overview 

Cherokee is a global marketer and manager of a portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands it owns or represents, licensing the Cherokee, Liz Lange, Completely Me by Liz Lange, Hawk, Tony Hawk, Sideout, Carole Little, Everyday California, Flip Flop Shops, Hi-Tec and Magnum and related trademarks and other brands in multiple consumer product categories and sectors. We are one of the leading global licensors of style focused lifestyle brands for apparel, footwear, home products and accessories. As part of our business strategy, we frequently evaluate other brands and trademarks for acquisition into our portfolio. We enter into license agreements with recognizable retail partners in their respective global locations to provide them the rights to design, manufacture and sell products bearing our brands and to provide them our proprietary 360-degree platform. We refer to this strategy as our  Direct to Retail  or  DTR  licensing model. We have also entered into wholesale arrangements for the manufacture and sale of products bearing certain of our brands, including eight new wholesale arrangements with distributors and anticipate they will begin selling product at retail bearing our Cherokee brand at retail in the United States in early Fiscal 2018. In addition, we have franchise relationships for the Flip Flop Shops brand with franchisees that operate Flip Flop Shops retail stores located worldwide. 

23 

Table of Contents   

We believe our retail responsiveness process and 360-degree unique value proposition have allowed us to address the growing power of the consumer and the present and future needs of the retailers that are selling our portfolio of lifestyle brands. Based on consumer research, retail insights and brand insights that we continually measure, evaluate and incorporate into our 360-degree platform, we believe we have become a key strategic partner to our licensees. As of October 29, 2016,  we had forty-five effective license agreements covering domestic and international markets, twenty-six of which pertained to the Cherokee brand.  

We derive revenues primarily from licensing our trademarks to retailers all over the world. Our current retail licensee relationships cover over fifty countries and include relationships with Target Corporation ( Target ), Kohl s Illinois, Inc. ( Kohl s ), RT Mart, Comercial Mexicana, TJ Maxx, Tottus, Pick N Pay, Argos, Nishimatsuya, Walmart Canada and Sears Canada. Our two most significant licensees are Target and Kohl s. 

Recent Developments 

Hi-Tec Acquisition and Related Transactions 

Hi-Tec Acquisition 

On November 29, 2016, we entered into a share purchase agreement (the  SPA ) with Sunningdale Corporation Limited (the  Seller ) and Irene Acquisition Company B.V., pursuant to which we agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International B.V. ( Hi-Tec ) for a cash purchase price of 90 million EURO on a cash-free debt-free basis, based on normalized working capital (the  Hi-Tec Acquisition ). Subject to post-closing adjustments, and after giving effect to the sale of certain of the operating assets of Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries to certain of Hi-Tec's operating partners and/or distributors (the  Sale Transactions, ), the purchase price for the Hi-Tec intellectual property assets to be retained by us is approximately $62.0 million. The Hi-Tec Acquisition closed on December 7, 2016.  

Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries are a Dutch footwear business that design, market and sell footwear globally, primarily under the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands. Hi-Tec sells its products through major retailers, independent distributors, licensees, government contracts and direct to consumer. Through the Sale Transactions, we intend to convert the Hi-Tec business to a branded licensing model consistent with its business model of identifying and securing wholesale and retail licensing partners for the commercial exploitation of the intellectual property acquired, including the Hi-Tec and Magnum trademarks acquired and retained by us in the Hi-Tec Acquisition.  

In connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, substantially all of the then-existing indebtedness of Hi-Tec has been repaid. The SPA contains customary warranties and indemnities for a Dutch transaction. Subject to certain carve-outs and qualifications as set forth in the SPA and subject to certain limited exceptions, our recourse for breaches of warranties under the SPA will be to a warranty and indemnity insurance policy.  

We funded the purchase price of the Hi-Tec Acquisition through cash on hand, proceeds from the Sale Transactions, the prepayment of the first year of guaranteed minimum royalties under license agreements with certain operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec, net proceeds of a public offering of our common stock, proceeds from a new credit facility with Cerberus, and proceeds from a receivables funding loan extended by one of our directors, each of which is described below. 

Sale Transactions and License Agreements 

On November 29, 2016, we entered into sales agreements with operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec, including Carolina Footwear Group, LLC and Batra Limited. These sales agreements provide for the sale of certain of the operating assets of Hi-Tec and its subsidiaries to these operating partners and/or distributors. The aggregate cash purchase price of the Sale Transactions is approximately $25.0 million, based on expected working capital and subject to certain post-closing adjustments. The Sales Transactions closed approximately concurrently with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition on December 7, 2016. 

24 

Table of Contents   

Consistent with our planned conversion of the Hi-Tec business, we continues to own the intellectual property assets of Hi-Tec following the Sale Transactions, and certain of the operating partners and/or distributors have entered into license agreements with us to license certain trademarks of Hi-Tec from, and pay royalties to, us. Under the associated license agreements, certain of the operating partners and/or distributors of Hi-Tec have licensed certain trademarks of Hi-Tec in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, continental Europe, South Africa and other jurisdictions in Africa. We used the prepayment of the first year of guaranteed minimum royalties under these license agreements to pay approximately $7.0 million of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition.  

Public Offering 

On November 29, 2016, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the  Underwriter ) relating to the firm commitment public offering (the  Offering ) of 4,237,750 shares of our common stock, including an additional 552,750 shares of its common stock to cover over-allotments, at a public offering price of $9.50 per share for net proceeds to us of approximately $38.0 million, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The Offering closed on December 2, 2016 and the net proceeds of the Offering have been used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition. 

Cerberus Credit Facility 

On December 7, 2016, in connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, we entered into a senior secured credit facility with Cerberus, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders from time to time party thereto, pursuant to which we are permitted to borrow (i) up to $5.0 million under a revolving credit facility, and (ii) up to $45.0 million under a term loan facility. Also on December 7, 2016, we utilized $45.0 million under the Cerberus term loan facility and has used a portion of such borrowings to fund the Hi-Tec Acquisition, including the repayment of the outstanding indebtedness of Hi-Tec, and, as described in Note 3 above, to repay all amounts owed under the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan. We expect to use the remaining amount of borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility for general working capital.  

The Cerberus credit facility is secured by a first priority lien on, and security in, substantially all of our assets and those of our subsidiaries, is guaranteed by our subsidiaries and has a five-year term. The Cerberus credit facility bears interest at a rate per annum equal to either the rate of interest publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan in New York, New York as its reference rate, base rate or prime rate or LIBOR plus, in each case, the applicable margin and subject to the applicable rate floor. Borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility are subject to certain maintenance and other fees. The terms of the Cerberus credit facility include financial covenants that set financial standards we will be required to maintain and operating covenants that impose various restrictions and obligations regarding the operation of the Company s business, including covenants that require us to obtain Cerberus s consent before we can take certain specified actions.  

Receivables Funding Loan  

On December 7, 2016, in connection with the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, we entered into an unsecured receivables funding loan agreement for $5.0 million with Jess Ravich, the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The receivables funding loan bears interest at a rate of 9.5% per annum and is subject to a fee equal to 2.5% of the principal amount of the loan, of $0.1 million, which was paid at closing. The outstanding principal and accrued interest under the receivables funding loan will be due and payable 180 days after the closing of the Hi-Tec Acquisition. The proceeds of the receivables funding loan have been used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Hi-Tec Acquisition. We expect that certain accounts receivable assets that are expected to be collected in the ordinary course of business will be used to repay the receivables funding loan.  

25 

Table of Contents   

Stock Repurchases 

Pursuant to the approval of our board of directors ( Board of Directors ) in June 2016, we repurchased and retired 60,082 shares of our common stock in open market transactions at a weighted average purchase price of $12.24 and for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $735,000.  

New Licensee Partners 

During the Nine Months, we have acquired new licensees for our brands in the United States in an effort to expand our portfolio of licensee partners. Below is a discussion of certain license agreements that we entered into in the Nine Months: 

Cherokee  

In the Nine Months, we entered into license agreements with nine wholesale distributors to distribute a variety of categories of products bearing the Cherokee brand within the U.S. to various retailers beginning in Fiscal 2018. The categories cover a wide range of Cherokee products including   men s and boy s casual sportswear, sweaters and outerwear; newborn, infant and toddler boys and girls clothing and layette; girl s active wear, sportswear, dresses, denim, and sweaters; and swimwear and sleepwear.  

We believe these agreements signal a significant shift in our future strategy for sales of products bearing the Cherokee brand in the U.S., which currently and in the past has been governed by license arrangements using our Direct to Retail licensing model and which, commencing in early Fiscal 2018 will be governed by   our new wholesale arrangements with distributors as they begin selling product at retail bearing our Cherokee brand. Our new wholesale arrangements for the Cherokee brand in the U.S. consist of multiple license agreements at higher royalty rates as compared to one license agreement with Target at a lower and declining, tiered royalty rate but a higher minimum annual royalty obligation.   Our shift to a wholesale licensing model for sales in the U.S. of Cherokee-branded products exposes us to a number of risks. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors , for additional information. 

Multi-Brand  

Star Brands 

In August 2016, we entered into a license agreement with Star Brands. This agreements covers a broad range of apparel and other products for the Cherokee, Tony Hawk, Sideout and Liz Lange brands in Brazil.  

26 

Table of Contents   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

There has been no material change to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in our Annual Report. 

This MD A is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Management bases its estimates on historical and anticipated results, trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, including expectations about future events. These estimates form the basis for making assumptions about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

We consider accounting policies relating to the following areas to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and those that require the most subjective judgment: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts;     

Revenue recognition and deferred revenue;     

Provision for income taxes and deferred taxes;     

Valuation and impairment of long-lived assets;     

Contingencies and litigation; and     

Accounting for stock-based compensation.     

Refer to our Annual Report and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for a discussion of our policies on revenue recognition, deferred taxes, impairment of long-lived assets, contingencies and litigation and accounting for stock-based compensation. 

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Results of Operations 

The table below sets forth certain of our consolidated financial data for the periods indicated. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in the current period or in future periods. 

27 

Table of Contents   

Revenues 

In the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016, our revenues totaled $6.5 and $25.6 million, respectively, compared to $8.1 and $26.8 million in the three and nine month periods ended October 31, 2015, respectively. The decrease in revenues between periods was principally due to a decrease in North American royalties as we transition from Target to our new wholesale licensing partners for sales of Cherokee branded products in the United States. The decrease is partially offset by an increase in royalties from our licensees in South America, India, the Middle East, South Africa and Asia as the demand for Cherokee-branded and other products continues to grow, as well as a full quarter of Flip Flop Shops franchise royalties as compared to a partial quarter in the prior year period (as we acquired the Flip Flop Shops brand in October 2015). Revenues for periods were primarily generated from licensing our trademarks to retailers and, to a lesser extent, to wholesalers, our share of licensing revenues from brand representation licensing agreements with other brand owners and franchise fees and royalty revenues received from franchisees of our Flip Flop Shops brand in periods after October 2015.  

Because we do not have direct oversight over our licensees and franchisees, we may not have all the information necessary to assess the impact on our operations of changes in price, volume or amount of products sold or the introduction of new products, or to otherwise determine or predict the specific reasons why revenue may increase or decrease in any given period. 

In the Nine Months, we entered into several new wholesale licensing arrangements covering sales of products bearing our Cherokee brand in the U.S. We anticipate that these wholesale licensing arrangements will help to diversify our sources of revenue and licensee or other partner relationships and provide additional avenues to obtain brand recognition and grow our Company. For further discussion on wholesale licensing arrangements, see Item 1A,  Risk Factors . 

Given our contractual royalty rate reductions as certain sales volume thresholds are achieved by Target for Cherokee branded products in various product categories in the U.S., historically, this has caused the Company to record its highest revenues and profits in its first quarter and its lowest revenues and profits in its fourth quarter. However, in Fiscal 2018, and in future fiscal years, we do not anticipate this trend to continue due to the expiration of the Target license agreement at the end of Fiscal 2017. As a result, beginning in Fiscal 2018, we will no longer be subject to royalty rate reductions over the course of the year for sales of our Cherokee branded products in the U.S., as our new wholesale license agreements covering these products include a fixed royalty rate that is consistent throughout the year. As U.S. wholesalers and retailers, including our new wholesale licensees, typically record their highest sales in the fourth quarter for the holiday season, we anticipate that our performance in future periods could be more strongly influenced by this seasonality of the retail business and potentially subject to more material fluctuations between periods. Any continuation of the Company s historical revenue and profit patterns or development of any new revenue or profit patterns will depend upon, among other things, the terms of the Company s license and franchise agreements, including the Target license agreement through the remainder of Fiscal 2017, the terms of any new license or franchise agreements, and retail sales volumes achieved from Target in the remaining quarter of its agreement and the Company s other licensees and franchisees that are not subject to reduced royalty rates based upon cumulative sales. 

During Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, Target reached its annual minimum guarantee of $10.5 million in the third quarter of each respective year. Due to the expiration of the Target license agreement at the end of Fiscal 2017, Target has transitioned away from sales of the Cherokee brand as we approach the expiration of this license agreement. Because retail sales did not exceed the contractual minimum guarantee in the Third Quarter, royalty revenues from our Cherokee brand at Target were $1.1 million, which is the recognition of the balance of the minimum guarantee over the final two quarters of the contract. Cherokee-brand royalties received from Target during the first nine months of Fiscal 2017 were $9.4 million with the balance of the minimum guarantee of $10.5 million expected to be recorded during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. As a result, we expect declining and/or minimal revenues from Target in fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. However, we anticipate that we will record revenue in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017 from our new wholesale arrangements with our domestic licensees for Cherokee branded products as we expect them to begin delivering products to retailers during the fourth quarter, with our new retailer partnerships selling these products commencing in early Fiscal 2018. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors , for additional information such as the risk of replacing Target s royalty payments for Cherokee branded products on a long-term basis will be a significant challenge.  

28 

Table of Contents   

We anticipate that our Flip Flop Shops brand contribution as a percentage of total revenues will increase in future periods as additional shops open. We anticipate revenues will fluctuate depending upon the number of shops opened both domestically and internationally in any given period, as well as royalty fluctuations based on seasonal demand, brand offerings, promotions and the number of existing shops open. 

In December 2016, we completed the Hi-Tec Acquisition, in which we acquired the intellectual property assets of Hi-Tec, including the Hi-Tec and Magnum trademarks. In connection with the Hi-Tec Acquisition, we also entered into license agreements with certain of Hi-Tec s operating partners and/or distributors. Under the license agreements, the operating partners and/or distributors have licensed certain trademarks of Hi-Tec in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, continental Europe, South Africa and other jurisdictions in Africa.  

Revenues By Brand 

The following table sets forth our revenues by brand for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015: 

Geographic Revenues 

The following table sets forth our geographic licensing revenues for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015: 

U.S. and Canada 

Our largest licensees in the U.S. generally are Target and Kohl s, which together contributed 36% and 53% of our consolidated revenues for the Third Quarter and the Nine Months, respectively and 58% and 62% of our consolidated revenues for the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016. In Canada, we transitioned from Target Canada to Sears Canada for our Cherokee and Liz Lange brands.  

29 

Table of Contents   

Target.   Currently, Target has the exclusive rights to Cherokee branded products for all product categories in the U.S. and has approximately 1,800 stores in the U.S. Retail sales of Cherokee branded products at Target in the U.S. were lower in the Third Quarter at approximately $44 million, down from approximately $259 million in the third quarter of Fiscal 2016. Target pays royalty revenues to us based on a percentage of its sales of Cherokee branded products pursuant to our license agreement with Target. The license agreement is structured to provide royalty rate reductions for Target after it has achieved certain levels of retail sales of Cherokee branded products in certain product categories in the U.S. during each fiscal year. Target also pays fixed royalty rates for Target s sales of Cherokee branded products in the adult merchandise category that are made by Target through its website (target.com) and sales of Cherokee branded products in the category of school uniforms. In addition, Target pays a fixed percentage of net sales of products bearing the Liz Lange brand in the U.S. 

Under the terms of the license agreement with Target, the minimum annual royalty payment from Target is $10.5 million, which applies to all sales of Cherokee branded products made by Target in the United States other than sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category (which products are subject to a separate minimum annual royalty payment of $0.8 million).  

Royalty revenues from our Cherokee brand at Target, excluding sales of Cherokee branded products in Canada and Cherokee branded products sold in the school uniforms category, were $1.1 million and $9.4 million in the Third Quarter and Nine Months, respectively, which accounted for 18% and 37% of our consolidated revenues for the respective periods. Royalty revenues from our Cherokee brand at Target, excluding sales of Cherokee branded products in Canada and Cherokee branded products sold in the school uniforms category, were $3.5 million and $12.5 million for the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016, respectively, which accounted for 41%, and 47% of our consolidated revenues for the respective periods. 

The decrease in royalties is due to the expiration of the Target license agreement at the end of Fiscal 2017, as Target has transitioned away from sales of the Cherokee brand as we approach the expiration of this license agreement in January 2017. We expect that Target will continue to transition Cherokee branded product throughout Fiscal 2017 to no less than its annual minimum guarantee of $10.5 million, the balance of which will be recorded during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017.  

Our license agreement with Target for most Cherokee branded products will expire on January 31, 2017. Our license agreement with Target covering sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category will expire at the end of its current term on January 31, 2018, and will continue to generate revenues to Cherokee until its expiration. Our relationship with Target for the Liz Lange brand has been renewed through January 31, 2018. 

Kohl s  . Kohl s currently has approximately 1,200 stores in the United States. Kohl s pays royalty revenues to us based on a percentage of its sales of Hawk and Tony Hawk branded products pursuant to our license agreement with Kohl s. The minimum annual royalty payment applicable to our license agreement with Kohl s for the Hawk and Tony Hawk brands is $4.8 million, which applies to all sales of Hawk and Tony Hawk branded products in the U.S.  

Because retail sales did not exceed the contractual minimum guarantees, royalty revenues from our Hawk brand at Kohl s remained flat between periods at $1.2 million and $3.6 million in the Third Quarter and Nine Months, respectively, which accounted for 19% and 14% of our consolidated revenues for the respective periods. 

United Kingdom and Europe 

We have a number of licensees with rights to our brands in various European countries. One of our more significant European licensees is Argos, a subsidiary of Home Retail Group plc, which launched a broad assortment of Cherokee lifestyle products online, in catalogs and in more than 750 Argos stores across the United Kingdom and Ireland in late July 2015. Revenues from Argos began during the third quarter of Fiscal 2016. 

30 

Table of Contents   

Latin America, Asia and Others 

Our other international royalty revenues are generated from licensees in Japan, China, Mexico, South Africa, Peru, Chile, India, and other territories. Other international royalty revenues in the Third Quarter increased to $2.5 million from $2.4 million in the third quarter of Fiscal 2016, representing a 6.9% increase. Other international royalty revenues in the Nine Months increased to $7.7 million from $7.3 million in the first nine months of Fiscal 2016, representing a 5.8% increase. The increase was principally due to strength in the Japanese market. In local currencies, the majority of our international licensees had growth in retail sales for the Nine Months.  

The majority of our international licensees are required to pay the royalty revenues owed to us in U.S. dollars. As a consequence, any weakening of the U.S. dollar benefits us in that the total royalty revenues reported from our international licensees increases when the dollar weakens against applicable foreign currencies. Conversely, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar against an international licensee s foreign currency results in lower royalty revenues from such licensee. As the U.S. dollar remained relatively stable, we estimate no material cumulative effect on our revenues due to applicable foreign currency exchange rates during the Nine Months in comparison to the first nine months of Fiscal 2016. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

The following table sets forth detailed information regarding the components for selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses, including amortization of trademarks, were $7.7 million and $20.0 million in the Third Quarter and Nine Months, respectively, compared to $5.6 million and $15.4 in the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016, respectively, representing an increase of $2.1 million between quarters and $4.6 million between the nine-month periods. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses between quarters was primarily related to an increase in professional fees from legal and due diligence expenses associated with the Hi-Tec Acquisition and its related transactions, an increase in business development expenses related to the identification and establishment of new brand licensees in the U.S. and expenses associated with franchising our Flip Flop Shops brand, which we acquired in October 2015. For the Nine Months, the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily related to an increase in professional fees from legal and due diligence expenses associated with the Hi-Tec Acquisition and its related transactions, an increase in business development expenses related to the identification and establishment of new brand licensees in the U.S., an increase in non-cash stock compensation expense and expenses associated with franchising our Flip Flop Shops brand, which we acquired in October 2015. 

Interest and Other Income or Expense 

Our interest expense for the Third Quarter and Nine Months was $0.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively, compared to $0.1 million and $0.5 million for the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016, respectively. Interest expense primarily consists of interest payments under our credit facility with JPMorgan.  

31 

Table of Contents   

Tax Provision (Benefit) 

During the Third Quarter and Nine Months, we recorded a tax benefit of $0.5 million and a tax provision of  $1.9 million, respectively, which equates to an effective tax rate of 35.9% and 37.5% for the respective periods, as compared to a tax provision of $0.8 million and $3.9 million, and an effective tax rate of 34.2% and 35.6% recorded for the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016, respectively. The effective tax rate for the Third Quarter differs from the statutory rate due to the effect of certain permanent nondeductible expenses, the apportionment of income among state jurisdictions, and the benefit of certain tax credits.  

Net Income (Loss) 

During the Third Quarter our net loss was $0.9 million and during the Nine Months our net income was $3.2 million, or $(0.10) and $0.37 per diluted share, respectively, compared to net income of $1.5 million and $7.0 million, or $0.17 and $0.79 per diluted share, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months of Fiscal 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows 

On October 29, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $7.5 million, which increased $1.0 million from January 30, 2016. 

Cash provided by our operations during the Nine Months and the first nine months of Fiscal 2016 was $8.6 million and $8.8 million, respectively. The decrease of $0.2 million during the Nine Months was primarily due to changes in: (i) net income, which decreased by $3.8 million between periods; (ii) accounts receivable, which increased cash by $0.7 million in the Nine Months as compared to a decrease of $0.6 million in the first nine months of Fiscal 2016; (iii) taxes receivable and payable, net, which increased cash by $0.1 million in the Nine Months as compared to an increase of $0.9 million in the first nine months of Fiscal 2016; (iv) accounts payable and other accrued payables, which increased cash by $2.7 million in the Nine Months as compared to no change in the first nine months of Fiscal 2016; and (v) accrued compensation, which decreased cash by $0.4 million in the Nine Months as compared to a decrease in cash of $0.9 million in the first nine months of Fiscal 2016. 

Cash used in investing activities was $0.4 million during the Nine Months, which consisted of capital expenditures for property and equipment and trademark registration and renewal costs. In comparison, during the first nine months of Fiscal 2016, cash used in investing activities was $13.3 million, which consisted of capital expenditures for property and equipment and trademark registration and renewal costs, as well as costs associated with acquisitions of intangible assets relating to Everyday California and Flip Flop Shops. 

Cash used in financing activities was $7.3 million during the Nine Months, which consisted of $6.4 million in principal payments on our outstanding term loans under our former credit agreement with JPMorgan, $0.7 million in repurchase of common stock and $0.2 million in issuance of common stock. In comparison, cash provided by financing activities was $2.6 million during the first nine months of Fiscal 2016, which consisted of proceeds of $6.0 million, from a new term loan under our former credit agreement with JPMorgan for the Flip Flop Shops acquisition, proceeds of $1.9 million from exercises of stock options and excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements of $0.3 million, partially offset by principal payments of $5.5 million on our outstanding term loans under our former credit agreement with JPMorgan. 

32 

Table of Contents   

Credit Facilities 

In September 2012, we entered into a credit facility with JPMorgan. Approximately $17.2 million in principal amount was outstanding under the JPMorgan credit facility as of October 29, 2016.  1   The terms of the JPMorgan credit facility included various restrictions and covenants regarding the operation of our business and financial covenants that set financial standards we must maintain. As collateral for the JPMorgan credit facility, we granted a security interest in favor of JPMorgan in all of our assets (including trademarks), and our indebtedness was guaranteed by our wholly owned subsidiaries. See Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information about our JPMorgan credit facility. As described below, as of the date of this report, all amounts owed under the JPMorgan credit facility have been repaid and the credit agreement, together with all term notes and the revolving line of credit thereunder, have been terminated and cancelled. 

On December 7, 2016, we entered into a senior secured credit facility with Cerberus, pursuant to which we are permitted to borrow (i) up to $5.0 million under a revolving credit facility, and (ii) up to $45.0 million under a term loan facility. Also on December 7, 2016, we drew down $45.0 million under the Cerberus term loan facility and have used a portion of such borrowings to fund the Hi-Tec Acquisition, including the repayment of the outstanding indebtedness of Hi-Tec, and to repay all amounts owed under our JPMorgan credit facility. We expect to use the remaining amount of borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility for general working capital. Our borrowings under the Cerberus credit facility are subject to certain maintenance and other fees. The terms of the Cerberus credit facility include financial covenants that set financial standards we will be required to maintain and operating covenants that impose various restrictions and obligations regarding the operation of our business, including covenants that require us to obtain Cerberus s consent before we can take certain specified actions. As collateral for the Cerberus credit facility, we granted a first priority security interest in favor of Cerberus in substantially all of our assets (including trademarks), and our indebtedness is guaranteed by our subsidiaries. 

Sources of Liquidity 

We expect our primary sources of liquidity to be cash flow generated from operations, cash and cash equivalents currently on hand, and up to $5.0 million of funds available to us pursuant to the revolving credit facility with Cerberus. We believe our cash flow from operations, together with our cash and cash equivalents currently on hand and access to funds pursuant to the revolving line of credit, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and other commitments and otherwise support our operations for the next twelve months. 

Our license agreement with Target for most Cherokee branded products will expire on January 31, 2017. The license agreement with Target, including the existing royalty obligations, will remain in effect and continue to generate revenues through the end of Fiscal 2017 until its expiration. Our license agreement with Target covering sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category will expire at the end of its current term on January 31, 2018, and will continue to generate revenues until its expiration. Target has started to reduce sales of Cherokee branded products in anticipation of the expiration of this license agreement, and we expect that Target will continue to reduce sales of Cherokee branded product through the remainder of Fiscal 2017 to no less than its minimum annual royalty of $10.5 million. As a result, we expect declining revenues from Target in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. Additionally, our ability to generate cash from our other licensees and franchisees in replacement of Target s royalty payments on a long-term basis is uncertain. 

During the Nine Months, we entered into nine new wholesale licensing arrangements covering sales of products bearing our Cherokee brand in the United States. We anticipate that these wholesale licensing arrangements may generate different trends in our liquidity after they become effective. For example, these wholesale arrangements do not have minimum annual royalty obligations to the magnitude of our license agreement with Target and are not subject to reducing royalty rates throughout the year based upon cumulative sales levels. Thus, as we begin to receive royalty payments from these wholesale licensees and to the extent we pursue similar wholesale arrangements in the future, their lower minimum royalty obligations and consistent royalty rates could cause our cash flows from operating activities to be more strongly influenced by the seasonality of the retail business and thus subject to more material fluctuations between periods and, if retail sales volume for the Cherokee brand decreases and we were to become dependent upon minimum royalty obligations, could also cause our cash flows from operating activities to decline. 

33 

Table of Contents   

We cannot predict our revenues and cash flows that will be generated from operations in future periods, and our revenues and cash flows could be materially lower than we expect. If our revenues and cash flows are lower than we anticipate, or if our expenses are higher than we anticipate, then we may not have sufficient cash available to fund our planned operations and we could fail to comply with the terms of our credit facility with Cerberus or our other contractual commitments. In that case, we may need to take steps to reduce expenditures by scaling back operations and reducing staff related to these activities or seek funds from other sources, which may not be available when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors , for additional information. 

As of October 29, 2016, we were not the guarantor of any material third party obligations and we did not have any irrevocable repurchase obligations. 

Uses of Liquidity 

Our cash requirements over the next twelve months are primarily to fund our operations and working capital, to make payments of principal and interest under our credit facility with Cerberus, at our discretion and subject to the terms of the credit facility, to repurchase shares of our common stock or pay dividends as determined by our Board of Directors, and, to a lesser extent, to fund capital expenditures.  

As of October 29, 2016, we had approximately $17.2 million in principal amount of outstanding indebtedness owed under our former credit facility with JPMorgan, all of which has been repaid. As of the date of this report, we have approximately $45.0 million in principal amount of outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility with Cerberus, which is due in December 2021. We may seek to refinance all or a portion of this indebtedness in the future. Any such refinancing would depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time, which could affect our ability to obtain attractive refinance terms when desired, or at all.  

Pursuant to the approval of our Board of Directors, in June 2016 we repurchased and retired 60,082 shares of our common stock in open market transactions at a weighted average purchase price of $12.24 and for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $735,000. Further repurchases of our common stock or the declaration and payment of any future dividends or repurchases of our common stock are subject to limited exceptions, subject to negative covenants contained in our credit facility and, assuming the satisfaction or waiver by Cerberus of such covenants, would be made solely at the discretion of our Board of Directors and would be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital expenditures, and other factors that may be deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Additionally, should an established and marketable brand or similar equity property become available on favorable terms, we would consider using our liquidity to fund such an acquisition opportunity, subject to obtaining any consent required under our credit facility with Cerberus. 

Seasonality 

We have agreed to certain contractual royalty rate reductions with Target for sales of certain Cherokee branded products in various product categories in the U.S. in each fiscal year, which apply for future sales during the applicable fiscal year as certain sales volume thresholds are achieved. Historically, with Target, this has caused the Company to record its highest revenues and profits in its first quarter and its lowest revenues and profits in its fourth quarter. However, in Fiscal 2018, and in future fiscal years, we do not anticipate this trend to continue due to the expiration of the Target license agreement at the end of Fiscal 2017. As a result, beginning in Fiscal 2018, we will no longer be subject to royalty rate reductions over the course of the year for sales of our Cherokee branded products in the U.S., as our new wholesale license agreements covering these products include a fixed royalty rate that is consistent throughout the year. As U.S. wholesalers and retailers, including our new wholesale licensees, typically record their highest sales in the fourth quarter for the holiday season, we anticipate that our performance in future periods could be more strongly influenced by this seasonality of the retail business and potentially subject to more material fluctuations between periods. Any continuation of the Company s historical revenue and profit patterns or development of any new revenue or profit patterns will depend upon, among other things, the terms of the Company s license and franchise agreements, including the Target license agreement through the remainder of Fiscal 2017, the terms of any new license or franchise agreements, and retail sales volumes achieved from Target in the remaining quarter of its agreement and the Company s other licensees and franchisees that are not subject to reduced royalty rates based upon cumulative sales. 

34 

Table of Contents   

During Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, Target reached its annual minimum guarantee of $10.5 million in the third quarter of each respective year. Due to the expiration of the Target license agreement at the end of Fiscal 2017, Target has transitioned away from sales of the Cherokee brand as we approach the expiration of this license agreement. Cherokee-brand royalties received from Target during the first nine months of Fiscal 2017 were $9.4 million with the balance of the minimum guarantee of $10.5 million expected to be recorded during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. As a result, we expect declining and/or minimal revenues from Target in fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. However, we anticipate that we will record revenue in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017 from our new wholesale arrangements with our domestic licensees for Cherokee branded products as we expect them to begin delivering products to retailers during the fourth quarter, with our new retailer partnerships selling these products commencing in early Fiscal 2018.  

Inflation and Changing Prices 

The rate of inflation over the past several years has not had a material effect on our revenues and profits. Since most of our future revenues will be based upon a percentage of sales by our licensees and franchisees of products bearing our owned or represented trademarks, we do not anticipate that short term future inflation will have a material impact, positive or negative, on future financial results. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RIS  K 

Our market risk generally represents the risk that losses may occur in the values of financial instruments as a result of movements in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

Interest 

From time to time we invest our excess cash in interest bearing temporary investments of high quality issuers. Due to the short time the investments are outstanding and their general liquidity, these instruments are classified as cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheets and do not represent a material interest rate risk to us. In relation to our credit facility with JPMorgan, a 100 basis point increase in the interest rate would have had an immaterial impact on interest expense for the Nine Months. 

Foreign Currency 

We conduct business in various parts of the world. As most of our international licensees are required to pay the royalty revenues owed to us in U.S. dollars, we are exposed to fluctuations in the exchange rates of the foreign currencies in countries in which our licensees do business when they are converted to the U.S. dollar, and significant fluctuations in exchange rates could materially impact our results of operations and cash flows. For the Nine Months, revenues from international licensing activities comprised 33% of our consolidated revenues. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currencies of countries where our licensees operate would have negatively affected our revenues by approximately $0.9 million during the Nine Months, which represents 3% of our consolidated revenues reported for the period. Such change is not considered to represent a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows. 

35 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE  S 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 29, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During our most recent fiscal quarter, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATIO  N 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDING  S 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The impact and outcome of litigation, if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that could harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims to which we or our subsidiaries are a party or to which any of our property is subject that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

36 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   

The occurrence of any of the risks and uncertainties and other factors described below and elsewhere in this report, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016 and the other documents we file with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and share price and could also cause our future business, financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from our historical results and the results contemplated by any forward-looking statements we may make herein, in any other document we file with the SEC, or in any press release or other written or oral statement we may make. You should carefully consider all of these risks and the other information in this report and the other documents we file with the SEC before making any investment decision with respect to our common stock. The risks described below and elsewhere in this report are not the only ones we face. Additional risks we are not presently aware of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our financial condition and business operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our business is subject to intense competition. 

Royalties paid to us under our licensing agreements are generally based on a percentage of our licensees  net sales of licensed products. Additionally, franchisees of our Flip Flop Shops brand pay us a percentage of their net sales. Merchandise bearing our Cherokee, Carole Little, Sideout, Liz Lange, Completely Me by Liz Lange, Hawk, Tony Hawk and Everyday California, Hi-Tec and Magnum brands, all of which are manufactured and sold by both domestic and international wholesalers and retail licensees, as well as merchandise sold by Flip Flop Shops retail shops, are subject to extensive competition by numerous domestic and foreign companies. Such competitors with respect to the Cherokee brand include Polo Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Liz Claiborne, and private label brands (developed by retailers) such as Faded Glory, Arizona, Merona, and Route 66. Factors that shape the competitive environment include quality of garment construction and design, brand name, style and color selection, price, fashion and other trends, avenue of purchase (including in stores and online), and the manufacturer s ability to respond quickly to the retailer on a national basis. In recognition of what we believe is an increasing trend toward consolidation of retailers, our business plan in the United States focuses on creating strategic alliances with major retailers for their sale of products bearing our brands through the licensing of our trademarks directly to retailers, engaging wholesalers to manufacture products bearing our brands and sell these products to retailers and, to a lesser extent, entering into franchise relationships with Flip Flop Shops retail store owners. Therefore, our degree of success is dependent on the strength of our brands, consumer acceptance of and desire for our brands, our licensees  ability to design, manufacture and sell products bearing our brands and our franchisees  ability to sell products bearing our or third-party brands, and the ability of our licensees and franchisees to respond to ever-changing consumer demands. Failures with respect to any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We cannot control the level of consumer acceptance of our brands and changing preferences and trends may lead customers to purchase other products. Further, we cannot control the level of resources that our licensees or franchisees commit to supporting our brands, and our licensees may choose to support products bearing other brands to the detriment of our brands because our agreements generally do not prevent our licensees from licensing or selling products of, our competitors. In addition, we compete with other companies owning established trademarks, which have entered into, and could continue to enter into, similar arrangements with retailers and wholesale manufacturers in the U.S. and internationally, including with our existing retail and wholesale partners, thereby competing with us for consumer attention, limited floor and rack space in the same stores in which our branded products are sold and time and resources of wholesale licensees that manufacture our products.  

We are subject to risks related to the retail business that are applicable to our licensees     and franchisees.  

There are numerous risks and other factors applicable to the businesses of retailers (including our licensees and franchisees) that can impact the sale of products that bear our brands and, with respect to our franchisees, the sale of products bearing other brands from which we generate revenues. Any decline in sales by one or more of our licensees or franchisees could adversely affect our revenues. 

37 

Table of Contents   

Factors that may adversely affect our licensees and franchisees and their sales of products include the following, among others: (i) weather, environmental or other conditions that may impact consumer shopping activity in retail stores; (ii) consumer preferences regarding fashion trends and styles, which can be region-dependent and subject to rapid and significant fluctuations; (iii) consumer preferences regarding where to shop; (iv) the growth of online shopping and the ability of our licensees and franchisees to market and sell products through these avenues; (v) changes in the availability or cost of capital in light of the financial condition and capital requirements of our licensees and franchisees; (vi) shifts in the seasonality of shopping patterns; (vii) fluctuating retail prices; (viii) labor strikes or other interruptions that impact supply chains and transport vendors (ix) the impact of excess retail capacity; (x) changes in the cost of accepting various payment methods and changes in the rate of utilization of these payment methods; (xi) material acquisitions or dispositions; (xii) investments in new business strategies; (xiii) the success or failure of significant new business ventures or technologies; (xiv) actions taken or omitted to be taken by legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities and officials; (xv) security breaches; (xvi) natural disasters, the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism or other significant national or international events; and (xvii) the other risks discussed in this Item 1A.  

We rely on the accuracy of our licensees      and franchisees  retail sales reports for reporting and collecting our revenues, and if these reports are untimely or incorrect, our revenues could be delayed or inaccurately reported     or collected.  

Most of our revenues are generated from retailers who license our brands to manufacture and sell products bearing our brands in their stores and on their websites. In addition, we have a number of franchise agreements with franchisees of the Flip Flop Shops brand and we have arrangements with several wholesalers who license our brands to manufacture products bearing our brands and sell these products to retailers. Under our existing agreements, these licensees and franchisees pay us fees based in part on the value of products sold. We rely on our licensees and franchisees to accurately report the retail sales in collecting our license and franchise fees, preparing our financial reports, projections and budgets, and directing our sales and marketing efforts. All of our license and franchise agreements permit us to audit our licensees and franchisees. If any of our licensee or franchisee reports understate the retail sales of products they sell, we may not collect and recognize revenues to which we are entitled on a timely basis or at all, or may endure significant expense to obtain compliance. 

Our business is dependent on the success of our Direct to Retail licensing model, as well as our other licensing and franchising models.  

Although we recently commenced franchise operations with our acquisition of the Flip Flop Shops brand and we intend to grow this business in the future and we also recently entered into several new licensing arrangements with wholesalers and may seek to enter into additional wholesale arrangements in the future, we continue to be focused on our Direct to Retail licensees. In Direct to Retail licensing, we grant retailers a license to use our trademarks on certain categories of merchandise. In many cases, the licensee is responsible for designing and manufacturing the merchandise, although we typically collaborate with our licensees  product development staff and merchandisers on design direction, packaging, marketing, and other aspects pertaining to products bearing our trademarks. Over the past two decades, the Direct to Retail licensing model has become more widely accepted by many retailers worldwide, and our business plan is still based on the continued success of this model with our current licensees and with new retailers we may solicit to license our brands in new territories and additional product categories as we seek to expand our business. Although we believe there is an increasing trend towards consolidation of retailers, which could support the growth of our Direct to Retail licensing model, this belief may turn out to be wrong. If our current or potential future retail licensees do not perceive our Direct to Retail licensing model to be advantageous to them, then they may move away from this model and instead embrace alternatives, such as purchasing from wholesalers or manufacturing private label products. Such a change in perception could occur for a variety of reasons, including reasons based on retailers  beliefs or expectations that do not turn out to be accurate. 

Further, even though our pursuits of wholesale and franchise models may diversify our sources of revenue in the event that our expectations regarding Direct to Retail licensing trends do not prove to be accurate, these pursuits could themselves be unsuccessful and could divert management s attention and other resources, including time and capital, from our Direct to Retail licensing strategy. As a result, our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully manage these multiple licensing avenues. 

38 

Table of Contents   

If our Direct to Retail licensing model ceases to be attractive to retailers or we are unable to manage our wholesale and franchise arrangements together with our Direct to Retail licensing model, then we would be unable to continue to pursue our business plan and our financial condition and prospects would be harmed. 

Our business is largely dependent on royalties from Target, which will no longer sell Cherokee branded products after the end of Fiscal 2017. 

Currently, Target Corporation ( Target ) has the exclusive rights to Cherokee branded products for all product categories in the United States. Royalty revenues from our Cherokee brand at Target accounted for greater than 35% of our consolidated revenues during each of Fiscal 2015, 2016 and the first nine months of Fiscal 2017. However, our license agreement with Target covering sales of most Cherokee branded products in the United States will expire and will not be renewed at the end of its current term on January 31, 2017. The license agreement with Target, including the existing royalty obligations, will remain in effect and continue to generate revenues through the end of Fiscal 2017 until its expiration. Our license agreement with Target covering sales of Cherokee branded products in the school uniforms category will expire at the end of its current term on January 31, 2018, and will continue to generate revenues to us until its expiration. Target has started to reduce sales of Cherokee branded products in anticipation of the expiration of this license agreement, and we expect that Target has continued to reduce sales of Cherokee branded product through the remainder of Fiscal 2017 to no less than its minimum annual royalty of $10.5 million. As a result, we expect declining and/or minimal revenues from Target in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017, and any increased revenues we may receive from other licensees or franchisees during this period, including our new wholesale licensees for the Cherokee brand, may not be sufficient to offset the continuing reduction in royalty revenues from Target. Replacing the royalty payments received from Target, on a short-term and a long-term basis, is a significant challenge, and we might not be successful in doing so. If we are not successful in replacing the Target royalty payments with equal or greater payments from other partners, including, for instance, our newly engaged wholesale licensees that will sell Cherokee branded products in a wide range of categories in the U.S., the termination of this license agreement on January 31, 2017 could have an adverse effect upon our revenues and cash flows. 

Our relationship with Target for the Liz Lange brand has been renewed through January 31, 2018. We acquired the Liz Lange brand in part based upon our expectation that revenues from Target for this brand would grow in future periods, although such revenue growth may never occur. 

Additionally, as a result of our reliance on Target at least through Fiscal 2017, our continued success is dependent on various factors affecting Target s business, including, for example, perceptions of Target by consumers in the United States. For example, we believe that sales of Cherokee branded products at Target in the United States were adversely impacted following Target s announcement in December 2013 of unauthorized access to payment card data in U.S. stores 

Revenues from our Hawk and Tony Hawk brands depend on Kohl s. 

In January 2014, we acquired the Hawk and Tony Hawk brands. Concurrently with this acquisition, we entered into a retail license agreement with Kohl s Illinois, Inc. ( Kohl s ), pursuant to which Kohl s is granted the exclusive right to sell Tony Hawk and Hawk-branded apparel and related products in the United States. We agreed to this exclusive license in part based upon our expectation that revenues from Kohl s for these brands will grow in future periods, although this expectation may turn out to be wrong and such revenue growth may never occur beyond the $4.8 million minimum annual royalty payment required under the license agreement.  

39 

Table of Contents   

The failure of our licensees or franchisees to sell products bearing our brands or products that otherwise generate royalties to us,     to pay us royalties for such products     or to renew their license or franchise agreements with us could result in a decline in our results of operations. 

Our revenues are dependent on royalty payments made to us under our license and franchise agreements. Although the license agreements for our brands in many cases provide for guaranteed minimum royalty payments to us, the failure of our licensees or franchisees to satisfy their obligations under their agreements with us, their decision to not renew their agreements with us or their inability to grow or maintain their businesses could cause our revenues to suffer. Further, while we are substantially dependent on our relationships with Target and Kohl s and expect to continue to be at least through Fiscal 2017 when our agreement with Target for the Cherokee brand will expire, the concurrent failure by several of our other material licensees or franchisees to meet their financial obligations to us or to renew their respective license or franchise agreements could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. 

Our franchise business exposes us to numerous risks.  

In connection with our acquisition of the Flip Flop Shops brand in October 2015, we acquired, and became the franchisor under, a number of franchise agreements with franchisees of this brand. Many of these franchisees maintain one or more Flip Flop Shops retail stores located across the globe, including in the U.S., Canada, the Caribbean, the Middle East and South Africa. This new Flip Flop Shops franchise business exposes us to a variety of risks, including, among others, that: (i) we may not be able to find capable and experienced franchisees who can implement the Flip Flop Shops brand concept and strategies we believe are necessary for the future growth of this brand or sell merchandise and operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements; (ii) even if we are able to attract capable franchise owners, these franchisees may not be able to open new Flip Flop Shops retail stores in a timely manner, or manage and maintain them once opened, they may not be able to secure desirable site locations, obtain adequate financing, construct and develop new store locations without delays and attract qualified operating personnel; (iii) the third party brands that are sold at Flip Flop Shops stores could decline in popularity or decide to stop selling their merchandise at some or all of the Flip Flop Shops store locations; (iv) neighborhood or economic conditions or other demographic patterns where existing or new Flip Flop Shops stores are located could decline or otherwise change in a negative way; and (v) our franchise business is subject to complex and varying franchise laws and regulations imposed by the U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, and we may need to devote significant costs and resources in order to learn and comply with these laws and regulations, and we may be subject to various penalties, including monetary fines or other sanctions, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations. If any of these risks were to materialize, the reputation of the Flip Flop Shops brand or our other brands could be damaged, sales volume at one or more Flip Flop Shops store locations could decline, Flip Flop Shops franchises may be terminated, the Flip Flop Shops brand name may not grow as we anticipate, or our franchise revenues relating to this brand could be limited, curtailed or reduced, any of which could harm our performance and prospects.  

Our wholesale licensing arrangements subject us to a number of risks.    

In our wholesale licensing relationships, we license our brands to manufacturers that produce and import various categories of apparel, footwear, home products and accessories under our trademarks and sell the licensed products to retailers. We have some historical wholesale licensees with respect to some of our brands and we have recently entered into several new wholesale arrangements, primarily covering sales of products bearing our Cherokee brand in the U.S.  

Wholesale arrangements do not typically have minimum annual royalty obligations to the magnitude of some of our Direct to Retail licensing arrangements including those with Target and Kohl s. Additionally, our new wholesale license agreements for the Cherokee brand are not subject to reducing royalty rates based upon cumulative sales levels. As we begin to recognize revenues from these new wholesale licensees and to the extent we pursue similar wholesale arrangements in the future, their lower minimum royalty obligations and consistent royalty rates could cause our performance and cash flows to be more strongly influenced by the seasonality of the retail business and thus subject to more material fluctuations between periods, and could also cause our aggregate annual royalty revenues to decline if retail sales volume for our brands decreases and we become dependent upon minimum royalty obligations. 

40 

Table of Contents   

Additionally, in wholesale arrangements, we have limited ability to control various aspects of the manufacturing process, including access to raw materials, the timing of delivery of finished products, and the quality of finished products or manufacturing costs. Our wholesale licensees or any other wholesale licensees we may engage in the future may not be able to produce finished products of the quality or in the quantities that are sufficient to meet retailer demand, in a timely manner or at all, which could result in an inability to generate revenue from any such products and loss of retailer confidence in our brands. On the other hand, wholesale licensees may produce inventory in excess of retailer and consumer demand, in which case over-supply may cause retail prices of products bearing our brands to decline. Additionally, there may be delays in the manufacturing process over which we may have no control, including shortages of raw materials, labor disputes, backlogs or insufficient devotion of resources to the manufacture of products bearing our brands. Further, we compete with other brand owners for the time and resources of our wholesalers, which could curtail or limit our ability to engage new or maintain relationships with existing wholesale licensee partners on acceptable terms or at all. Interruptions in the supply of products bearing our brands to retailers or lapses in quality could adversely impact our reputation and financial condition. Further, the unplanned loss of any of our wholesale licensees could lead to inadequate market coverage for retail sales of products bearing our brands, create negative impressions of us and our brands with retailers and consumers and add downward pressure on prices of products bearing our brands as a result of liquidating a former wholesaler s inventory of such products  . 

Our business may be negatively impacted by general economic conditions. 

Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions and the corresponding impact on levels of consumer spending, which may affect our licensees  and franchisees  retail sales. It is difficult to predict future levels of consumer spending and any such predictions are inherently uncertain. Many factors affect the level of consumer spending in the apparel industries, including, among others, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, energy costs, interest rates, the availability of consumer credit, taxation and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Further, the worldwide apparel industry is heavily influenced by general economic cycles. Purchases of apparel, footwear and accessories tend to decline in periods of recession or uncertainty regarding future economic prospects, as disposable income typically declines. As a result, during periods of economic uncertainty, slowdown or recession, the risks associated with our business are generally more acute. In addition to decreased consumer spending generally, these periods may be accompanied by decreased demand for, or additional downward pricing pressure on, the products carrying our brands. Accordingly, any prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or any other negative trend in either the U.S. or the global economy is likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects. 

We are subject to additional risks associated with our international licensees     and franchisees.  

We franchise our Flip Flop Shops brand and market and license our other brands outside the United States. Many of our licensees and franchisees are located outside the United States. As a key component of our business strategy, we intend to expand our international sales as well as the support we provide our international licensees and franchisees. During the first nine months of Fiscal 2017, approximately 30% of our revenues were derived from our international licensees. We face numerous risks in doing business outside the United States, including, among others: (i) unusual or burdensome foreign laws or regulatory requirements or unexpected changes to those laws or requirements; (ii) tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargos, and other trade barriers; (iii) difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to manage foreign licensees and franchisees; (iv) competition from foreign companies; (v) longer accounts receivable collection cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; (vi) less effective and less predictable protection and enforcement of our intellectual property; (vii) changes in the political or economic condition of a specific country or region, particularly in emerging markets; (viii) potentially adverse tax consequences; and (ix) cultural differences in the conduct of business. Any one or more of such factors could cause our future international sales to decline or could cause us to fail to execute on our business strategy involving international expansion. In addition, our business practices in international markets are subject to the requirements of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and applicable foreign anti-bribery laws, any violation of which could subject us to significant fines, criminal sanctions and other penalties. 

41 

Table of Contents   

Additionally, and because the majority of our international revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currencies of our international licensees  or franchisees  operations may negatively impact our royalty revenues. The main foreign currencies we encounter in our operations are the Mexican Peso, the EURO, the Great British Pound, the South African Rand, the Japanese Yen, the Chinese Yuan, and the Canadian Dollar. We do not currently engage in currency hedging activities to limit the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our business and the success of our products could be harmed if we are unable to maintain the strength of our brands. 

Our success to date has been due in large part to the strength of our brands. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to changing consumer demand, the strength of our brands may be impaired. Even if we react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, consumers may consider one or more of our brands to be outdated or associate one or more of our brands with styles that are no longer popular. In the past, many apparel companies have experienced periods of rapid growth in sales and earnings followed by periods of declining sales and losses. Our business may be similarly affected in the future. 

We are dependent on our intellectual property, and we may not be able to successfully protect our rights or we may become involved in costly legal proceedings regarding our intellectual property. 

We hold various trademarks for our brands, including Cherokee, Liz Lange, Completely Me by Liz Lange, Hawk, Tony Hawk, Everyday California, Hi-Tec, Magnum, Flip Flop Shops, Sideout and Carole Little and others in connection with apparel, footwear, home and accessories. These trademarks are vital to the success and future growth of our business. These trademarks are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and corresponding government agencies in numerous other countries and we also hold trademark applications for these brands in a number of other countries, although the laws of many countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and, as a result, adequate protection in these jurisdictions may be unavailable or limited. These actions taken by us to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights might not prevent imitation of our products, infringement of our intellectual property rights by unauthorized parties or other challenges to our intellectual property ownership, or prevent the loss of licensing or franchise revenue or other damages caused thereby, including a reduction in value of our licenses that could make it easier for competitors of our licensees to capture increased market share. If any of these events occurs, our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially harmed. In the future, we may be required to assert infringement claims against third parties, and one or more parties may assert infringement claims against us. Any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our management personnel whether or not such litigation is determined in our favor. Further, if any adverse ruling in any such matter occurs, any resulting limitations in our ability to market or license our brands could reduce the value of our licenses and our intellectual property assets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may become involved in other litigation and administrative proceedings that may materially affect us. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including commercial, employment, class action and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations, audits and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any of these actions or legal costs associated with these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

42 

Table of Contents   

We are dependent on our key management personnel. 

Our success is highly dependent upon the continued services of our key executives and employees, including, Henry Stupp, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, Howard Siegel, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Jason Boling, our Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Curin, the President of our subsidiary FFS Holdings, LLC, which manages our Flip Flop Shops franchise operations. We have a limited number of employees and Mr. Stupp s and our other executives  leadership and experience in the apparel licensing industry and Mr. Curin s expertise in the franchising industry are important to the successful implementation of our business and marketing strategy. We do not carry key person life insurance covering any of our executives or other employees. The loss of the services of Mr. Stupp or our other key executives or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

We may encounter difficulties in connection with acquisitions or other strategic transactions and we may not realize the expected benefits from these transactions. 

We regularly evaluate opportunities to acquire or represent new brands. During the current fiscal year and our three most recently completed fiscal years, we have consummated four such acquisitions: our acquisition of the Hawk and Tony Hawk signature apparel brands in January 2014; our acquisition of the Everyday California Lifestyle brand in May 2015; our acquisition of the Flip Flop Shops brand in October 2015; and our acquisition of the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands in December 2016 in an acquisition we refer to as the  Hi-Tec Acquisition.  We expect to continue to consider opportunities to acquire or make investments in other brands or to engage in other strategic transactions that could enhance our portfolio of products and services or expand the breadth of our markets. Our experience integrating acquired assets and businesses is limited, and we may not be successful in realizing the expected benefits from an acquisition. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage an expanded portfolio of brands, which could involve significantly increased costs and pose substantial challenges for management.  

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions can involve numerous risks and potential difficulties, including, among others: (i) problems assimilating new brands or other assets; (ii) significant future charges relating to the amortization of intangible assets; (iii) problems maintaining and enforcing standards, procedures, controls, policies and information systems; (iv) difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel, including any failure to retain key employees, customers, vendors, manufacturers or other service providers or partners of any acquired businesses and any failure to convert and integrate acquired assets into our branded licensing business model; (v) unanticipated costs associated with an acquisition, including accounting and legal charges, capital expenditures, and transaction expenses; (vi) any inability to realize the intended synergies and other benefits of the acquisition or transaction, particularly if our assumptions about sales, revenues, operating expenses and costs of acquired assets or businesses turn out to be wrong; (vii) diversion of management s attention from our core business or our existing brand portfolio; (viii) adverse effects on existing business relationships with our partners; (ix) risks associated with foreign acquisitions or otherwise entering new geographic or customer markets, such as, for instance, our acquisition of the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands in December 2016, including regional differences in consumer preferences, branding standards and the general conduct of business, less effective and less predictable protection and enforcement of intellectual property in some foreign jurisdictions and other risks related to doing business outside the United States; and (x) risks associated with new types of business arrangements in which we have no or limited prior experience, such as, for instance, our acquisition of franchise agreements and entry into the franchising business upon our acquisition of the Flip Flop Shops brand in October 2015. Accordingly, our recent acquisitions as well as any future transactions that we pursue may not result in the anticipated benefits and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In addition, future acquisitions may also require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available when needed, on favorable terms or at all. If we finance future acquisitions or other strategic transactions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, as we did in our public offering of shares of our common stock closed on December 2, 2016, our existing stockholders would be diluted. If we finance future acquisitions or other strategic transactions by issuing debt, as we did with our new credit facility with Cerberus Business Finance, LLC ( Cerberus ) entered into on December 7, 2016, we may become over-leveraged and our ability to operate our business may be restricted by the agreements governing the debt. Further, we may seek such financing from sources that expose us to   

43 

Table of Contents   

additional risks, such as our receivables funding loan agreement entered in connection with the Hi-Tec Acquisition with one of our directors, Mr. Jess Ravich, which creates a conflict of interest between us and Mr. Ravich that could have negative effects. In addition, we may experience or incur contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill or trademarks in connection with such transactions. Any of these effects could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

We have incurred a significant amount of indebtedness to pay the cash consideration for our recent acquisitions. Our level of indebtedness, and restrictions under such indebtedness, could adversely affect our operations and liquidity. 

We entered into a credit facility with Cerberus in December 2016. As of the date of this report, approximately $45.0 million in principal amount is outstanding under our term loan facility with Cerberus. We also have available a revolving credit facility with Cerberus, pursuant to which we may borrow up to $5 million in principal and under which no amounts are outstanding as of the date of this report. Our outstanding indebtedness under the Cerberus credit facility is due in December 2021. 

The Cerberus credit facility imposes various restrictions and covenants regarding the operation of our business, including covenants that require us to obtain Cerberus s consent before we can, among other things and subject to certain limited exceptions: (i) incur additional indebtedness or additional liens on our property, (ii) consummate acquisitions, dispositions, mergers or consolidations, (iii) make any change in the nature of our business, (iv) enter into transactions with our affiliates, or (v) repurchase or redeem any outstanding shares of our common stock or pay dividends or other distributions, other than stock dividends, to our stockholders. The Cerberus credit facility also imposes financial covenants that set financial standards we will be required to maintain. Further, as collateral for the Cerberus credit facility, we have granted a first priority security interest in favor of Cerberus in substantially all of our assets (including trademarks), and our indebtedness is guaranteed by our subsidiaries. If an event of default occurs under the credit facility, Cerberus has the right to terminate its obligations under the credit facility, accelerate the payment on any unpaid balance of the credit facility and exercise any other rights it may have, including foreclosing on our assets that serve as collateral for the loan. Our failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition and liquidity. 

We may seek to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness in the future. Any such refinancing would depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time, which could affect our ability to obtain attractive refinance terms when desired, or at all. 

In addition, our level of indebtedness generally could adversely affect our operations and liquidity, by, among other things: (i) making it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because we may not have sufficient cash flows to make our scheduled debt payments; (ii) causing us to use a larger portion of our cash flows to fund interest and principal payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, product development and capital expenditures and other business activities; (iii) making it more difficult for us to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities or other strategic transactions, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and (iv) limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, product development, capital expenditures, brand acquisitions and other general corporate purposes as and when needed, which could force us to suspend, delay or curtail business prospects, strategies or operations. 

44 

Table of Contents   

Our future capital needs may be uncertain and we may need to raise additional funds in the future, and such funds may not be available when needed  ,    on acceptable terms or at all. 

Our capital requirements in future periods may be uncertain and could depend upon many factors, including, among others: acceptance of, and demand for, our brands; the costs of developing new brands; the extent to which we invest in new brands; the number and timing of our acquisitions and other strategic transactions; the costs associated with our expansion, if any; and the costs of litigation and enforcement activities to defend our trademarks. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds, and such funds may not be available when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. Furthermore, if we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, as we did in our public offering of shares of our common stock closed on December 2, 2016, our existing stockholders would experience dilution and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders, and if we incur additional debt to raise funds, as we did with our new credit facility with Cerberus entered into on December 7, 2016, we may become over-leveraged and our ability to operate our business may be restricted by the agreements governing the debt. Moreover, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital transactions, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. If we cannot raise funds when needed, on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products and services, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated customer requirements. This may materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our strategic and marketing initiatives may not be successful. 

In recent periods, we have invested significant funds and management time in furtherance of our global strategic and marketing initiatives, which are designed to strengthen our brands, assist our licensees in generating increased sales of products bearing our brands and build value for our stockholders over the long term. We expect to continue and, in some cases, expand such initiatives in future periods. While we are hopeful that our efforts in executing on these initiatives will expand our business and build stockholder value over the long-term, we may not be successful in doing so and such initiatives may not result in the intended benefits. Any failure by us to execute on our strategic initiatives, or the failure of such initiatives to cause our revenues to grow, could have a materially adverse impact on our operating results and financial performance. 

We must successfully maintain and/or upgrade our information technology systems. 

We rely on various information technology systems, including our Enterprise Resource Planning system, to manage our operations, which subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with maintaining, upgrading, replacing and changing these systems, including impairment of our information technology, potential disruption of our internal control systems, substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and delays or difficulties in upgrading existing systems, transitioning to new systems or integrating new systems into our current systems. If any of these risks were to materialize, our operations could be disrupted and our performance could be harmed. 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity and other system failures. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our licensees and franchisees are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Although we have not experienced any such cybersecurity or system failure, accident or breach to date, some of our licensees, including Target, have experienced such events in the past. If such an event were to occur to our internal systems, it could result in a material disruption of our operations, substantial costs to rectify or correct the failure, if possible, loss of or damage to our data or applications, inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information or the incurrence of other material liabilities. If such events were to occur to our licensees  or franchisees  systems, our royalty revenues could be reduced or disrupted due to decreased sales of our branded products as a result of reputational damage, diversion of costs and other resources from selling products bearing our brands or inability of our licensees or franchisees to calculate royalties or generate royalty reports. Any of these events could severely harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

45 

Table of Contents   

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our net income. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States, California and certain other state jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rates could in the future be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or interpretations of tax laws, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We may be audited by tax authorities, which could evaluate and disagree with our judgments regarding our tax provisions. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be expensive to defend and materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could materially affect our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. In addition, changes in tax rules may adversely affect our future reported financial results or the way in which we conduct our business.  

Compliance with changing securities laws, regulations and financial reporting standards could increase our costs and pose challenges for our management team. 

Existing, changing and new laws, regulations, listing requirements and other standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure create uncertainty for public companies and significantly increase the costs and risks associated with operating as a publicly traded company in the United States. Our management team devotes significant time and financial resources to comply with existing and evolving standards for public companies. Further, the SEC has passed, promulgated or proposed new rules on a variety of subjects including, for example, with respect to the preparation and filing of financial statements, establishment or disclosure of clawback and hedging policies and disclosure of executive compensation information. The existence of new and proposed laws and regulations relating to our financial reporting or other disclosure obligations or that impose additional or more stringent compliance requirements could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors ( Board of Directors ), particularly to serve on our audit and compensation committees, and qualified executive officers. In addition, in order to comply with existing and any new or additional requirements, we may need to add additional accounting staff, engage consultants or change our internal practices, standards and policies, which could significantly increase our costs and divert the time and attention of our management team away from revenue generating activities. Notwithstanding our efforts, it is possible in future periods that our financial and other public reporting may not be considered timely, accurate or complete. If reporting delays or errors actually occur, we could be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC, which could involve fines or other penalties, adversely affect our financial results, result in a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial information and other public disclosures, and materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The trading price of our stock may be volatile and shares of our common stock are relatively illiquid. 

The trading price of our common stock is likely to be subject to fluctuations as a result of various factors impacting our business, including, among others, (i) our financial results, (ii) the successful completion of the Hi-Tec Acquisition or any other acquisition or strategic transaction we may pursue in the future, including the integration of the acquired assets or businesses into our existing business and realization of synergies and other benefits of the acquisition or transaction, (iii) announcements by us, our retail partners or our competitors, as applicable, regarding or affecting the retail environment either domestically or internationally, the reputation of our brands, our existing or new license agreements and brand representations or acquisitions, strategic alliances or other transactions, (iv) recruitment or departure of key personnel, (v) changes in the estimates of our financial results or changes in the recommendations of any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock, and (vi) market conditions in the retail industry and the economy as a whole. 

Further, as a result of our relatively small public float, our common stock may be less liquid than the common stock of companies with broader public ownership. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common shares may have a greater impact on the trading price for our common stock than would be the case if our public float was larger. 

46 

Table of Contents   

We may not pay dividends regularly or at all in the future. 

The determination regarding the payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, and therefore we may not pay any dividends in future periods, whether or not we generate sufficient cash to do so. In addition, pursuant to our credit facility with Cerberus, subject to limited exceptions, we are prohibited from paying dividends or making other distributions to our stockholders without Cerberus s consent. As a result, any return on an investment in our common stock may be limited to an appreciation in the value of our common stock. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

The sale by our stockholders of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or the perception that such sales could occur upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, such as under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, upon expiration of any lock-up periods applicable to outstanding shares, including under the lock-up agreements entered into in connection with our public offering closed on December 2, 2016, or upon our issuance of shares upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants or the vesting of restricted stock units, could cause the market price of our common stock to fall. The availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows our Board of Directors to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows our Board of Directors to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock, without action by our stockholders. Subject to restrictions under our new credit facility with Cerberus, such shares of preferred stock may be issued on terms determined by our Board of Directors in its discretion, and may have rights, privileges and preferences superior to those of our common stock. For instance, such shares of preferred stock could have liquidation rights that are senior to the liquidation preference applicable to our common stock, could have superior voting or conversion rights, which could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock, or could have other terms that negatively impact the voting control or other rights of our common stockholders. Additionally, the ownership interest of holders of our common stock would be diluted following the issuance of any shares of our preferred stock. Further, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method for discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company.   

We previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if repeated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2013. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  

While we believe that our previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated, these or other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control could be discovered or occur in the future. In that case, our consolidated financial statements may be more likely to contain material misstatements, and we could be required to restate our financial results. Any such restatement of our financial results could lead to substantial additional costs for accounting and legal fees and litigation and could cause our stock price to decline.  

47 

Table of Contents   

In addition, our current controls and procedures may not be adequate in future periods to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls in accordance with applicable standards, we may be unable to conclude in future periods that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in ensuring the reliability of our financial reports. If we cannot produce reliable financial reports, our business and financial condition could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information and the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. Moreover, our reputation with lenders, retailers, investors, securities analysts and others may be adversely affected.. 

We may fail to meet publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, which would cause our common stock to decline in value.  

From time to time, we provide forward-looking financial guidance to our investors. Such statements are based on our current views, expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance, achievements or share prices to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or share prices expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others: changes to the assumptions used to forecast or calculate such guidance; risks related to the Hi-Tec Acquisition and the associated transactions or any other acquisition or strategic transaction we may pursue in the future, including the risk that we do not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction; and risks related to our performance and our branded licensing business model. 

48 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 6.  EXHIBIT  S 

(a) 

Exhibits     

Exhibit Number  

Description of Exhibit  

2.1*   

Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 29 2016, by and among Sunningdale Corporation Limited, Irene Acquisition Company B.V., and Cherokee Inc.  

2.2*   

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2016, by and among Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc., Irene Acquisition Company B.V., Cherokee Inc. and Carolina Footwear Group, LLC.  

2.3*   

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2016, by and among Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, Hi-Tec Sports PLC, Hi-Tec Nederland B.V., Hi-Tec Sport France SAS, Irene Acquisition Company B.V. and Batra Limited.  

4.1*  

Warrant to Purchase 120,000 Shares of Common Stock issued November 28, 2016 by Cherokee Inc. to Carolina Footwear Group LLC.  

10.1*  

Financing Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2016, by and among Cherokee Inc., Irene Acquisition Company B.V., the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as Collateral Agent and Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as Administrative Agent.  

10.2*  

Promissory Note, dated as of December 7, 2016, executed by Irene Acquisition Company B.V. in favor of Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989.  

31.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1**  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2**  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101*  

The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016; (ii) Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended October 29, 2016; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015; and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as block of text.  

*     Filed herewith. 

**   Furnished herewith. 

#     Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and  

Exchange Commission. The Company agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

49 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURE  S 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: December 8, 2016 

CHEROKEE INC.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Henry Stupp  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  

/s/ Jason Boling  

Jason Boling  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

50 

<EX-2.1>
 2
 chke-20161029ex214d15446.htm
 EX-2.1

chke_Ex2_1

Exhibit 2.1 

DATED 29 November 2016 

SUNNINGDALE CORPORATION LIMITED (1) 

IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V. (2) 

and 

CHEROKEE INC. (3) 

SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

relating to the sale and purchase of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. 

A limited Liability Partnership 

CityPoint, One Ropemaker Street | London EC2Y 9AW Tel: +44 20 7920 4000 | Fax: +44 20 7496 850 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AGREEMENT   is dated 29 November 2016 and made 

BETWEEN: 

(1)    SUNNINGDALE CORPORATION LIMITED  , (the    Seller   ), a company incorporated under the law of Malta with registered number C 252929 and having its registered office at   Suite 3, Tower Business Centre, Tower Street, Swatar, Birkirkara, Malta  ; 

(2)    IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V.  , (the    Purchaser   ), a company incorporated under the law of the   Netherlands   and having its registered office at   Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 67160921  ;    and 

(3)    CHEROKEE INC.  , (the "  Guarantor  "), a   company incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware and having its registered office at 5990 Sepulveda Boulevard, Suite 600, Sherman Oaks, California 91411.    

The Seller, the Purchaser and the Guarantor are hereinafter also referred to as the    Parties    and each of them as a    Party    

Background  : 

(A)  The Seller wishes to sell and the Purchaser wishes to buy the entire issued and outstanding share capital of the Company (the    Sale Shares   ) on, and subject to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

(B)  The   P  arties acknowledge that   the   Purchaser ha  s   entered into the R W Policy   (as defined below  ).  

THE PARTIES AGREE THAT: 

1.    Interpretation 

1.1    Definitions 

In this Agreement: 

Accounts    means the accounts comprising the individual audited balance sheets of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries made up as at the Accounts Date and the individual audited profit and loss accounts/income statements and cashflow statements of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries in respect of the financial year ended on the Accounts Date including, in each case, the notes thereto and the directors  report and auditors  report thereon and all other reports and statements attached to such accounts; 

Accounts Date    means 31 December 2015; 

Affiliate    means, in relation to a company, any subsidiary or parent of such company, and any subsidiary of any such parent for the time being; 

1 

Agreed Form    means, in relation to any document, a document in the form signed or initialled for the purpose of identification by or on behalf of the Parties, or otherwise agreed between the Parties (acting reasonably) prior to Completion; 

Agreement    means this share purchase agreement; 

Authority    means any competent governmental, administrative, supervisory, regulatory, judicial, determinative, disciplinary, enforcement, standard setting or Tax Authority, tax raising body, authority, agency, board, department, court or tribunal or other organisation of any jurisdiction and whether supranational, national, regional or local, and whether or not established by or having the authority of Law, provided that if it is not established by or has the authority of Law it is a trade association of which the Company or any Subsidiary is a member or a body whose standards are generally accepted in any relevant jurisdiction or locality or a body to which the Company or any Subsidiary must in practice submit in order to undertake its business in any relevant jurisdiction or locality; 

Business    means collectively the business of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries at the Completion Date; 

Business Day    means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day which is a public holiday in the Netherlands; 

Canada APA    means the asset purchase agreement entered into between Hi-Tec Sports (Canada) Ltd., the Purchaser, the Guarantor, and Carolina Footwear Group, LLC  on the date of this agreement; 

Companies Acts    means statutes from time to time in force concerning companies including (without limitation) book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the UK Companies Act 2006; 

Company    means Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. a private company with limited liability (  besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid  ) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce with number 55297587, details of which appear in Schedule 1; 

Completion    means completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares in accordance with this Agreement; 

Completion Date    has the meaning set out in clause 7.1; 

Completion Related Party Net Debt    means the Related Party Net Debt as at Completion (disregarding the reference to Effective Time in such definition, and substituting it with a reference to the Completion Date); 

Completion Third Party Net Debt    means the Third Party Net Debt as at Completion (disregarding the reference to Effective Time in such definition, and substituting it with a reference to the Completion Date); 

2 

"  Completion South Africa Net Debt  " means the aggregate amount outstanding as at the Completion Date, under the South Africa Payables less the aggregate receivable, as at the Completion Date, under the South Africa Receivables; 

Completion Statement    means the accounts referred to in paragraph 2.1 of Schedule 8 and prepared in accordance with that Schedule; 

Confidential Information    has the meaning given in clause 13.1; 

Connected Person    means a person who or which is a managing director, supervisory director or direct or indirect shareholder of the Seller or of any Group Company, or (if applicable) his or her spouse, registered partner or relative in blood or by marriage in the direct line and in the collateral line in the first degree;  

Contracts    means any and all written or oral contracts or other agreements (including all schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto, and all amendments, waivers, change orders and statements of work or the like related thereto), of any nature to which any Group Company is a party or by which any of the assets of any Group company is bound, including evidence of indebtedness, loans, letters of credit, guarantees, leases, notes, indentures, security of pledge agreements, franchise agreement, master service contracts, purchase orders, work orders, statements of work, non-disclosure agreements, alliance/partner agreements, licences (including licences relating to intellectual property), easements, permits, instruments, commitments, arrangements, understandings, powers of attorney, covenants not to compete, covenants not to sue, authorisations, change of control agreements, employment agreements or settlement agreements; 

Data Protection Laws    means all applicable laws and published policies and internal privacy policies and guidelines relating to privacy, data protection and data security, including with respect to collection, storage, transmission, transfer (including cross-border transfers), disclosure and use of Personal Information (including personal information of employees, contractors and third parties); 

Data Room    means the virtual data room accessible to Purchaser between 15 July 2015 and 18 November 2016, containing documents and information relating to the Group, an index of the contents of which is attached to this Agreement and a copy of which is contained on the CD-ROMs initialled by a representative of each of the parties; 

Deed of Transfer    shall have the meaning as defined in Schedule 5; 

Deferred Payment    means EUR 659,624  ;    

Deposit    shall have the meaning as defined in clause 7.3 

Deposit Escrow Agreement    means the escrow agreement related to the Deposit in the Agreed Form entered into on or before the date of this Agreement between the Seller, the Purchaser, and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.; 

Directors    means in relation to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, its directors and    Post-Completion Directors    means the persons named in Schedule 1 as Post- 

3 

Completion Directors, which will be appointed by the Purchaser following Completion, of the Company and the Subsidiaries respectively; 

Disclosed    means accurately and fairly disclosed by the Disclosure Letter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, cross-references therein to matters set forth in the Data Room), whereby a disclosure is deemed to have been made  fairly  if it is made with sufficient detail so that the Purchaser, by taking prima facie knowledge of the facts or circumstances so disclosed, could reasonably be expected to have been aware of such facts or circumstances constituting a breach of such Warranty, and    Disclosure    shall be construed accordingly;    

Disclosure Letter    means the letter dated as of the date of this Agreement written and delivered by or on behalf of the Seller to the Purchaser in the Agreed Form;  

Effective Time    means 23:59 CET on 28 October 2016; 

Employee    means any person employed by a Group Company immediately prior to Completion, whether or not under a contract of employment, or under a contract personally to do or perform work for a Group Company; 

Encumbrance    includes any interest or equity of any person (including any right to acquire, option or right of pre-emption or conversion); and any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment, hypothecation, security interest (including any created by Law), title retention or other security agreement or arrangement; and any rental, hire purchase, credit or conditional sale or other agreement for payment on deferred terms, or any agreement to create any of the above; 

Equity Guarantee Letter    means the letter in the Agreed Form from Mr. Frank van Wezel to the Purchaser; 

ERA    means the Employment Rights Act 1996; 

ERISA    means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

ERISA Affiliate    means any entity that, together with Company or any of its subsidiaries, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001 of ERISA and the regulations thereunder; 

Escrow Agreement    means the escrow agreement in the Agreed Form to be entered into between (amongst others) the Seller, the Purchaser and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.; 

Escrow Bank    means ABN AMRO Bank N.V.; 

Estimated Price    has the meaning as defined in clause 4.1; 

Estimated Related Party Net Debt    has the meaning as defined in clause 4.1(a); 

Estimated Third Party Net Debt    has the meaning as defined in clause 4.1(a); 

Estimated Working Capital    has the meaning as defined in clause 4.1(a); 

4 

Estimated Working Capital Calculation    means the calculation 4.1(b); 

Estimated     Working Capital Excess    means the amount (if any) by which the Estimated Working Capital is more than the Working Capital Target; 

European Commission    means the Commission of the European Communities; 

Expert    has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of Schedule 8; 

Export Control Laws    means (i) all US import and export Laws (including those Laws under the authority of US Departments of Commerce (Bureau of Industry and Security) codified at 15 CFR, Parts 700-799; Homeland Security (Customs and Border Protection) codified at 19 CFR, Parts 1-199; State (Directorate of Defense Trade Controls) codified at 22 CFR, Parts 103, 120-130; and Treasury (Office of Foreign Assets Control) codified at 31 CFR, Parts 500-599), and (ii) all comparable applicable Laws outside the United States; 

Fundamental Warranties    set out in paragraphs 1, 2.2, 2.6, 2.9, 2.11 and 3 of Schedule 6;  

Group    means the Company and such Subsidiaries which remain direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company as at Completion, except South African Holdco and South African Subsidiary, and    Group Company    shall be construed accordingly; 

Insurer     means AIG Europe Limited, Netherlands; 

Intellectual Property Rights        has the meaning given to it in Schedule 3; 

Intercompany Payables    means the obligations any of the Group Companies has towards one or more members of the Group, whether or not due and payable;  

Intercompany Receivables    means the claims any of the Group Companies has against one or more member of Group, whether or not due and payable; 

"  Interest  " has the meaning as defined in clause 3.3; 

Internal Revenue Code    means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 

Key Management    means each of Frank van Wezel, Ed van Wezel, Martin Binnendijk and Jan Geert Boeve; 

Law    or    Laws    includes all applicable legislation, statutes, directives, regulations, judgments, decisions, decrees, orders, instruments, by-laws, and other legislative measures or decisions having the force of law, treaties, conventions and other agreements between states, or between states and the European Union or other supranational bodies, rules of common law, customary law and equity and all civil or other codes and all other laws of, or having effect in, any jurisdiction from time to time and whether before or after the date of this Agreement; 

Lease    means the Leases to the Properties set out in Schedule 2; 

5 

Letting Documents    means in relation to any Property leases, underleases, tenancies, licences or other agreements or arrangements giving rise to rights of occupation and enjoyment (in each case as amended) to which the Property is subject; 

Litigation    means any actual or prospective proceedings, whether judicial, administrative, tribunal, arbitral, criminal or similar and whether or not subject or intended to be subject to alternative dispute resolution techniques; 

Local GAAP    means the local GAAP as applicable to the accounts as prepared per Group Company; 

Location    means a Property; 

Losses and Expenses    means losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, judgments (however procured), reasonable costs and expenses, including fines, penalties, reasonable clean-up costs, reasonable legal and other professional fees, and any VAT payable in relation to any such matter, circumstances or item (except to the extent that the Party claiming Losses and Expenses obtains credit for such VAT as input tax); 

Management Accounts    means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Company and the Subsidiaries for the period from the Accounts Date to 26 August 2016 true copies of which are annexed to the Disclosure Letter; 

Matrix Lease    means the lease between Matrix B.V. and the Company in relation to the Amsterdam office at Paasheuvelweg 22a, 1105 BJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands;  

Notary    means a civil-law notary (  notaris  ) of NautaDutilh N.V., or his/her substitute in office; 

Objection Notice    has the meaning given in paragraph 2.2 of Schedule 8; 

Party    has the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement; 

Permits    means all licences, exemptions, consents or other authorisations or clearances, howsoever named, granted by an Authority; 

Pension Scheme  s  means agreements and arrangements (whether legally enforceable or not) for the payment of any pensions, allowances, lump sums or other like benefits on retirement for the benefit of any present or former director, officer or employee of the Company of any of its Subsidiaries or for the benefit of any dependents of any such person; 

Personal Information    means (a) information related to an identified or identifiable individual (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, government-issued identifier, and any other data used or intended to be used to identify, contact or precisely locate a person) or (b) Internet Protocol address or other persistent identifier; 

Pre-Completion Reorganisation    has the meaning given in the Tax Covenant; 

6 

Price    means the price to be paid for the Sale Shares as defined in clause 3.1(a); 

Proceedings    has the meaning given in Clause 17.2 of this Agreement; 

Product    means any goods, product, apparatus or equipment which any Group Company has manufactured, marketed, supplied or agreed to supply to any person or put into service and includes a product which is comprised in another product (whether by virtue of being a component part or raw material or otherwise); 

Properties    means the land and premises particulars of which are set out in Schedule 2; 

Provisional Consideration    has the meaning given in clause 3.1(a) of this Agreement;  

Purchaser    has the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement; 

Purchaser s Solicitors    means Morrison   Foerster (UK) LLP and NautaDutilh N.V.; 

R W Policy        means the buyer-side representation and warranty insurance policy to be issued and delivered by the Insurer at Completion; 

Related Party Net Debt    shall mean the aggregate amount outstanding, as at the Effective Time, under the Related Party Payables   less   the aggregate amount receivable, as at the Effective Time, under the Related Party Receivables; 

Related Party Payables    means the claims any member of the Seller Group has against one or more members of the Group, whether or not due and payable;  

Related Party Receivables    means the claims any of the Group Companies has against one or more member of the Seller Group, whether or not due and payable; 

Relevant VAT    means the VAT payable by Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, on or prior to the Completion Date, being approximately  564,308, in relation to certain inventory which was held under Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited s warehouse bond; 

Relief    means any relief, loss, amortisation, depreciation, allowance, exemption, set off, deduction, credit or other relief of a similar nature relating to Taxation or to the computation of income, profits or chargeable gains for the purposes of any Taxation and any repayment or right to repayment of Tax;  

Restricted Business    means the business of the design and manufacturing of outdoor footwear and footwear for the services industries which includes but is not limited to military and police footwear, carried out within the countries in which the Group is active as at the Completion Date other then the countries listed in the South African Licence, and which competes with the business of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries carried out at the Completion Date, or has so competed during the one (1) year period ended on that date, other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the business or activities of Duca del Cosma, Matrix, the retail store in Amsterdam and/or Mr. Frank van Wezel under his consultancy agreement with the Purchaser; 

7 

Sale Shares    means the shares to be bought and sold pursuant to clause 2.1 being the entire issued share capital of the Company consisting of 18,000 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of EUR 1, numbered 1 up to and including 18,000; 

Seller    has the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement; 

Seller Group    means the Seller and its Affiliates other than the Group Companies; 

Seller s Solicitors    means Houthoff Buruma Co peratief U.A.; 

South Africa Excess    means the amount by which the Completion South Africa Net Debt is lower than the South Africa Net Debt, if any; 

"  South Africa Net Debt  " means the aggregate amount outstanding as at the Effective Time, under the South Africa Payables less the aggregate amount receivable, as of the Effective Time, under the South Africa Receivables, amounting to EUR 995,308; 

"  South Africa Payables  " means the claims any member of the Group has against South African Holdco or South African Subsidiary, whether or not due and payable; 

"  South Africa Purchase Price  " means EUR 4,061,249 in respect of the South African Shares; 

"  South Africa Receivables  " means the claims the South African Holdco and the South African Subsidiary have against any member of the Group, whether or not due and payable; 

South Africa Shortfall    means the amount by which the Completion South Africa Net Debt exceeds the South Africa Net Debt, if any; 

South Africa Third Party Debt    means EUR 2,238,961, being the third party net debt relating to the South African Holdco and the South African Subsidiary at the Effective Time; 

South African Holdco    means Hi-Tec Sports SA (PTY) Ltd, a private limited company registered in South Africa on 4 October 1989 with registration number 1989/005863/07 and having its registered office at 40 Gold Street, Northgate Estate, Brooklyn, Cape Town 7405; 

South African Licence    means the licence agreement to be entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the South African Holdco on or shortly after Completion setting out the terms by which the South African Holdco or the South African Subsidiary may use any assets of the Company;  

South African Shares    means the 401 ordinary shares in the capital of the South African Holdco; 

South African Stock Transfer Form    means the stock transfer form in respect of the South African Shares, the form of which is appended as Exhibit 1 to this Agreement; 

8 

South African Subsidiary    means Hi-Tec Sports Distributors (PTY) LTD, a private limited company registered in South Africa on 20 November 1985 with registration number 1985/005253/07 and having its registered office at 40 Gold Street, Northgate Estate, Brooklyn, Cape Town 7405 and whose entire issued share capital comprising 200 ordinary shares are held by the South African Holdco; 

South African Transaction    means the purchase by Matrix B.V. of the South African Shares for the aggregate consideration of the South Africa Purchase Price, and the delivery by Hi-Tec Sports plc of the South African Stock Transfer Form to be effected on or shortly after Completion; 

South African Transfer    means the completion under the South African Transaction; 

Subsidiaries    means the companies which are subsidiaries of the Company details of which are set out in Part 2: of Schedule 1 but excluding the South African Holdco and the South African Subsidiary from and as of completion of the South African Transaction; 

Tax    or    Taxation    means forms of direct or indirect taxation, duties, levies, charges, contributions, and imposts whether of the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Malta or any other jurisdiction including but not limited to corporation tax, including but not limited to instalment payments in respect thereof, income tax, capital gains tax, value added tax, sales tax, duties of excise, customs and other import duties, inheritance tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, stamp duty land tax, capital duties, national insurance contribution, social security taxes and any other payroll taxes (whether imposed by way of withholding or deduction of otherwise), penalties, fines, charges and interest relating to any of the foregoing or resulting from a failure to comply with the provisions of any enactment relating to taxation or any delay in paying of the same and any liability for repayment of unlawful state aid in relation to Tax;   

Tax Authority    means an Authority competent to assess, impose and/or collect Tax; 

Tax Covenant    means the tax covenant set out at Part 3: of Schedule 9; 

Tax Liability    has the meaning given in the Tax Covenant in Schedule 9; 

Tax Warranties    means the warranties set out at Part 2: of Schedule 9; 

Third Party Net Debt    shall mean the aggregate amount outstanding, as at the Effective Time, under the credit agreements with Deutsche Bank AG, and with Bank of America, and all other outstanding borrowings, including bank loans, overdrafts, bonds and other loans, and finance leases (together in each case with accrued interest thereon) owed by any of the Group Companies to any third party (including any break fees or prepayment penalties which would be incurred in relation to the repayment of such amounts at Completion),   less   the aggregate amount of all cash belonging to the Group Companies (but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any restricted cash as at the Effective Time), and, for the purposes of this definition,  Third Party Net Debt  shall exclude (i) any items included in the Working Capital Assets or the Working Capital Liabilities, (ii) any amounts owed to another member of the Group, and (iii) any Related Party Payables and any Related Party Receivables;   

9 

Transaction    means the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any part of that transaction; 

Transaction Expenses    means the aggregate amount incurred or to be incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary prior to and including Completion (whether or not Disclosed), in respect of all: 

(A)    professional fees (including legal, accounting and investment banking fees), costs and expenses including VAT payable thereon and incurred or payable by the Company or any Subsidiary; and 

(B)    payment obligations relating to transaction bonus or similar agreement or arrangement;  

which result from or relate to the negotiation, preparation, execution or implementation of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein on behalf of the Seller or the other documents and transactions contemplated herein, to the extent such amounts have not been paid in full on or prior to the Completion Date,  one-half ( ) of the premium for the R W Policy, and one-half ( ) of the fees payable to the Escrow Bank for its services under the Escrow Agreement and the Deposit Escrow Agreement; 

TUPE    means the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 (and, where the context so requires, the 1981 Regulations defined in those regulations); 

UK APA    means the asset purchase agreement entered into between Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, Hi-Tec Sports Plc, Hi-Tec Nederland B.V., Hi-Tec Sports France SAS, the Purchaser and Batra Limited on the date of this agreement; 

United Kingdom    or    UK    means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 

US APA    means the asset purchase agreement entered into between Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc., the Purchaser, the Guarantor, Carolina Footwear Group, LLC and on the date of this agreement; 

US Benefit Plan    means any employment, collective bargaining, consulting, severance pay, termination, executive compensation, incentive compensation, deferred compensation, bonus, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock or other equity-based compensation, change-in-control, retention, salary continuation, vacation, sick leave, disability, death benefit, group insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, life (including all individual life insurance policies as to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is the owner, the beneficiary or both), Code Section 125  cafeteria  or  flexible  benefit, employee loan, educational assistance or fringe plan, program, policy, practice, agreement or arrangement, including but not limited to each such  employee benefit plan  within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (i) under which any US Employee has any present or future right to benefits and (ii) that is maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Company; 

US Employee    means any Employee who receives income which is subject to the Internal Revenue Code; 

10 

US Pension Plan    means any pension, profit-sharing, savings, or retirement plan, program, policy, practice, agreement or arrangement, including but not limited to each such  employee benefit plan  within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (i) under which any US Employee has any present or future right to benefits and (ii) that is maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any obligation to maintain, sponsor or contribute, or (iii) with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any direct or indirect liability, whether contingent or otherwise;  

VAT    means value added tax or any equivalent Tax that is levied on the supply of goods or services in any jurisdiction; 

Warranties    means the warranties set out in clause 9 and Schedule 6 and the Tax Warranties; 

Working Capital    means the excess, (if any) of the Working Capital Assets over the Working Capital Liabilities; 

Working Capital Assets    means the aggregate, at the Effective Time, of the assets of the categories comprised in the following line items in the balance sheet contained in the Completion Statement (as shown by the example included at Schedule 11):  

(A)  Total net inventory (to include gross inventory minus inventory provisions, plus goods in transit); and 

(B)  (Net) Trade Receivables (to include gross trade receivables minus receivables provisions); and 

(C)   Other debtors; minus 

(D)   Excluded working capital assets (meaning Intercompany Receivables, Related Party Receivables, interest receivable, working capital assets of Hi-Tec Sports SA (PTY) Ltd., and working capital assets of Hi-Tec Sports Mid-Europe SRO, if any); 

Working Capital Excess    means the amount (if any) by which the Working Capital is more than the Working Capital Target as shown by the final Completion Statement prepared in accordance with clause 5 and Schedule 8; 

Working Capital Liabilities    means the aggregate, at the Effective Time, of the liabilities of the categories comprised in the following line items in the balance sheet contained in the Completion Statement (as shown by the example included at Schedule 11): 

(A)  Lease (current); and 

(B)   Trade creditors; and 

(C)   Accrual for GIT; and 

(D)   CIT (Company Income Tax); and 

11 

(E)   VAT, sales tax, customs etc. (including, for the avoidance of doubt, on inventory on which taxes and duties have not been paid, even where held in a bonded warehouse); and 

(F)   Salary taxes and social securities; and 

(G)   Other liabilities; minus 

(H)  Excluded working capital liabilities (meaning working capital liabilities of Hi-Tec Sports Mid-Europe SRO, interest payable, Intercompany Payables, income taxes payable, bonus accrual payable, and working capital liabilities of Hi-Tec sports SA (PTY) Ltd). 

Working Capital Shortfall    means the amount (if any) by which the Working Capital is less than the Working Capital Target as shown by the final Completion Statement prepared in accordance with clause 5 and Schedule 8; and  

Working Capital Target    means EUR 35,576,235. 

1.2    Construction of certain references 

In this Agreement: 

(a)  every reference to a particular statutory provision or other Law shall be construed also as a reference to all other Laws made under the Law referred to and to all such Laws as amended, re-enacted, consolidated or replaced or as their application or interpretation is affected by other Laws from time to time and whether before or after the date of this Agreement; 

(b)  where any statement is to the effect that the Seller is not aware of any matter or circumstance, or is a statement qualified by the expression    so far as the Seller is aware    or    to the best of the Seller s knowledge    or any similar expression, that statement shall be deemed to include an additional statement that it relates to the Key Management s knowledge and that it has been made after due and careful enquiry of those directors and employees of the Group to the extent engaged in the due diligence process and the same shall apply also in relation to such statements as to the awareness or knowledge of any other persons; 

(c)  references to clauses and schedules are references to clauses of and schedules to this Agreement, references to paragraphs are, unless otherwise stated, references to paragraphs of the schedule in which the reference appears, and references to exhibits are to documents in Agreed Form identified as such; 

(d)  references to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa and references to the masculine, the feminine and the neuter shall include each other such gender; 

(e)     person    includes any individual, partnership, company, corporation, state or agency of a state, and any unincorporated association or organisation, in each case whether or not having separate legal personality; 

12 

(f)     company    includes any company, corporation or other corporate entity, wherever and however incorporated or established; 

(g)  references to    indemnify    and    indemnifying    any person against any liability or circumstance include indemnifying him and keeping him harmless from all actions, claims, demands and proceedings from time to time made against that person and all losses, damages, payments, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) made, suffered or incurred by that person as a consequence of or which would not have arisen but for that liability or circumstance and where any payment made under any indemnity has any Tax effect (including cost or expense) which would not have occurred but for the payment, it shall be increased or decreased, as the case may be, by such amount as is necessary to ensure that the payee receives the same net amount as it would have received had the payment not been so subject; 

(h)  words introduced by the word    other    shall not be given a restrictive meaning because they are preceded by words referring to a particular class of acts, matters or things; 

(i)  general words shall not be given a restrictive meaning because they are followed by words which are particular examples of the acts, matters or things covered by the general words and the word    including    shall be construed without limitation; and  

(j)  references to times of day are (unless otherwise expressly provided) to Amsterdam time and references to a day are to a period of 24 hours running from midnight on the previous day. 

1.3    Headings 

The headings and sub-headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 

1.4    Schedules 

Each of the Schedules shall have effect as if set out herein. 

2.    Sale of Shares 

2.1    Sale and purchase 

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller hereby sells, free from all Encumbrances and together with all rights now and in the future attaching to them, the entire legal and beneficial interest in the Sale Shares, and the Purchaser hereby purchases all such Sale Shares with effect from Completion. 

2.2    Transfer of the Shares 

On the Completion Date, the Seller shall transfer the Sale Shares, free from all Encumbrances and together with all rights now and in the future attaching to them, to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall acquire the Sale Shares from the Seller through  

13 

the execution of the Deed of Transfer before the Notary. A draft of the Deed of Transfer is attached hereto as Schedule 10. 

2.3    Dividends and distributions 

The Purchaser shall be entitled to receive all dividends and distributions (whether of income or capital) declared, paid or made by the Company after the Completion Date. 

3.    Purchase Price and Payment 

3.1    Price 

(a)    The consideration for the Sale Shares shall be the sum of EUR   9  0,000,000 (  ninety   million euro), less the sum of the South Africa Purchase Price,   less the South Africa Net Debt, less the South Africa Third Party Debt  , less the Estimated Third Party Net Debt, less the Estimated Related Party Net Debt (such sum being the    Provisional Consideration   ), plus the interest referred to in clause 3.3, as adjusted in accordance with clause 4, clause 5 and Schedule 8 to arrive at the completion price (the        Price   ). 

(b)  The Estimated Price (less the Deferred Payment),   the Completion Third Party Net Debt, the Completion Related Party Net Debt, plus the South Africa Excess or minus the South Africa Shortfall, as the case may be, plus the Interest, plus one-half ( ) of the of the fees payable to the Escrow Bank for its services under the Escrow Agreement and the Deposit Escrow Agreement, less the Deposit (which is already held by the Escrow Bank),   shall be paid into the Escrow Bank in accordance with the Escrow Agreement.     

(c)  The:  

(i)  Estimated Price (less the Deferred Payment), minus the South Africa Shortfall or plus the South Africa Excess, as the case may be,   minus one-half ( ) of the premium for the R W Policy, minus one-half ( ) of the fees payable to the Escrow Bank for its services under the Escrow Agreement and the Deposit Escrow Agreement, plus the Interest; and 

(ii)    the Completion Third Party Net Debt and the Completion Related Party Net Debt,  

shall be paid to   respectively   the Seller   and the relevant creditors to whom the Completion Third Party Net Debt and Completion Related Party Net Debt is owed   out of the Escrow Bank as further specified in the Escrow Agreement. 

3.2    Adjustment in Price 

Any payment received by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, shall be deemed to be made as an adjustment of the Price paid for the Sale Shares under this Agreement by a matching amount. 

14 

3.3    Interest  

Interest shall apply at a rate of three per cent (3%) per annum on the sum of: 

(a)  the Provisional Consideration; and  

(b)  the  IC Sunningdale   Bahamas C/A  non-interest bearing inter-company loan (the principal amount of such loan being, for the avoidance of doubt,  16,039,464),  

during the period from 29 October 2016 up to and including the Completion Date (the "  Interest  "; provided that no interest shall accrue during any period of delay caused by the Seller not complying with its obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion (except where such non-compliance is due to the Purchaser not complying with its respective obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion provided that the Purchaser does not have a right of termination under clause 7.4(a) or 7.4(b)). 

3.4    Deferred Payment  

The Purchaser shall pay the Seller: 

(a)  on or before the date falling 10 Business Days following Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited receiving any repayment of part or all of the Relevant VAT from HM Revenue   Customs whether by way of repayment, credit or set-off, an amount equal to the amount of the Relevant VAT repaid (whereby an exchange rate of 1.16890707188778 EUR to 1 GBP shall be applied); and  

(b)  on or before 30 June 2017, an amount equal to the Deferred Payment   less   any amount paid to the Seller pursuant to clause 3.4(a), 

provided always   that the aggregate amount payable by the Purchaser to the Seller under this clause 3.4 shall not exceed the amount of the Deferred Payment. 

3.5    Deutsche Bank Security  

(a)  In order to procure the release of the Group from the Deutsche Bank guarantee at Completion, Seller will issue a guarantee in a maximum amount of  GBP ( ) 720,000 to Deutsche Bank, which guarantee will be valid for a maximum of 8 (eight) weeks, providing Deutsche Bank alternative comfort with respect to liability it might have in relation to its guarantee to HMRC in relation to the UK bonded warehouse known to the Parties; 

(b)  Purchaser and Guarantor shall procure that, to the extent the UK bonded warehouse arrangements have not been completely wound down by the end of such eight-week period, the Group shall provide alternative security, allowing Seller to be completely released from any remaining  commitment, if any, towards Deutsche Bank that might result from the arrangements described under sub (a) above; 

(c)  Purchaser and Guarantor shall procure that the Group as soon as practicable clears the bonded warehouse, pays all duties and other liabilities, requests  

15 

HMRC for release of the guarantee made by Deutsche Bank, and confirms the release to Deutsche Bank as soon as reasonably practicable; and 

(d)  Purchaser and Guarantor hereby jointly and severally indemnify for, agree to hold harmless against, and shall promptly pay to, the Seller (i) any and all amounts that Deutsche Bank or its affiliates might claim, set off or otherwise charge, for any reason whatsoever, from or to Seller in relation to the guarantee or similar comfort to be provided by Seller to Deutsche Bank in relation to Clause 3.5(a) above, as well as (ii) any damages that Seller might suffer as a result of any security interest that Seller might provide to Deutsche Bank or an affiliate in relation to the above not being released, provided that the Purchaser and Guarantor s maximum aggregate liability under this Clause 3.5 shall not exceed GBP ( ) 720,000. 

4.    Estimated Price  

4.1    Estimated Working Capital,   Estimated Third Party Net Debt and Estimated Related Party Net Debt 

(a)  In order to determine the Estimated Price (as defined below), the Seller   has made its best estimate   of the Working Capital as at the   Effective     Time   (the        Estimated Working Capital   ), its best estimate of Third Party Net Debt as at the Effective Time (the    Estimated Third Party Net Debt   ) and its best estimate of the Related Party Net Debt as at the Effective Time (the    Estimated Related Party Net Debt   ).  

(b)  The Seller   has provided, prior to the date of this Agreement, delivered to the Purchaser a written   statement containing the   Estimated Working Capital   (the    Estimated Working Capital Calculation   )   and the Estimated Third Party Net Debt and Estimated Related Party Net Debt as at the Effective Time   in the form of a statement prepared in accordance with Schedule 8 and attached hereto as   Schedule 11  . The Estimated Working Capital Calculation is based on the financial position of the Group Companies as   at   the   Effective Time   and consists of a consolidated balance sheet for the Group as at   the Effective Time   and a consolidated profit and loss account / income statement for the Group in respect of the period from the day immediately following the Accounts Date to the   Effective Time   and has been prepared in accordance with the principles set out in Schedule 8. 

(c)    The Provisional Consideration plus the Estimated Working Capital Excess is    36,397,000 (the    Estimated Price   ). 

5.    Post-Completion Price Adjustment 

5.1    Preparation of Completion Statement 

The Completion Statement shall be prepared in accordance with Schedule 8.  

16 

5.2    Adjustment of Estimated Price for Working Capital (True-Up) 

(a)  The Estimated Price shall be adjusted after Completion in accordance with the following provisions of this clause 5.2 and Schedule 8.    If   the Working Capital as at the Effective Time  : 

(i)  exceed  s    the Estimated Working Capital, the amount of the excess shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller; or 

(ii)  is less than the Estimated Working Capital, the amount of the shortfall shall be paid by the Seller to the Purchaser.  

5.3    Adjustment of Estimated Price for Third Party Net Debt and   Related Party Net Debt   (True-Up) 

(a)    If t  he actual amount of Third Party Net Debt as at the   Effective Time     differs from the Estimated   Third Party Net Debt  ,    the following provisions of this clause 5.3(a)   shall apply  . If the Third Party Net Debt as at the Effective Time: 

(i)  exceeds the Estimated Third Party Net Debt, the amount of the   difference   shall be paid by the Seller to the Purchaser   on a euro for euro basis  ; or  

(ii)  is less than the Estimated Third Party Net Debt, the amount of the   difference   shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller   on a euro for euro basis. 

(b)    If t  he actual amount of Related Party Net Debt as at the   Effective Time     differs from the Estimated   Related Party Net Debt  ,    the following provisions of this clause 5.3(b)   shall apply  . If the Related Party Net Debt as at the Effective Time: 

(i)  exceeds the Estimated Related Party Net Debt, the amount of the   difference   shall be paid by the Seller to the Purchaser   on a euro for euro basis  ; or  

(ii)  is less than the Estimated Related Party Net Debt, the amount of the   difference   shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller   on a euro for euro basis  . 

5.4    Payments of Adjustments 

Any amounts to be paid by the Seller to the Purchaser under clause 5.2 or 5.3 shall be paid within 14 days after the date on which the Completion Statement has been agreed or settled in accordance with Schedule 8. 

5.5    Payments 

All payments to be made under this Agreement shall be made by electronic transfer of immediately available funds. 

17 

6.    Conduct of Business pending Completion 

From the date of this Agreement until Completion the Seller shall comply with the obligations set out in Schedule 4.  

7.    Completion 

7.1    Completion 

Completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares shall take place at the offices of the Notary at 4:30pm Central European Time (CET) or so much earlier as practicable, or such other time as the Purchaser and Seller agree, on 5 December 2016, or on such later date as is provided for by clause 7.3 (the    Completion Date   ).           

7.2    Completion Obligations  

At or prior to Completion, each Party shall do, or procure to be done, those things listed in relation to it or its Affiliates in Schedule 5 and in the Escrow Agreement in the order in which they are required to be carried out pursuant to that Schedule and the Escrow Agreement. 

7.3    Deposit etc. 

(a)  Prior to signing of this Agreement, the Purchaser has deposited the sum of   two million euros ( 2,000,000)  , in immediately available funds, into the Deposit Escrow Account (the    Deposit   ), to be held by the Escrow Bank as a deposit in accordance with the Deposit Escrow Agreement.   

(b)  In the event any Party does not comply with its obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion, then Completion shall be automatically deferred until such Business Day as the Purchaser notifies in writing to the Seller, provided that such date (or any subsequent date for Completion) shall not be later than   23 December 2016   (the date of Completion, as deferred, being deemed to be the Completion Date for all purposes of this Agreement).   

(c)  In the event that Completion does not take place on or before 23 December 2016 (except where this is due to the Seller not complying with its respective obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion, or in circumstances where the Purchaser has a right of termination under clause 7.4(a) or 7.4(b)), then the Seller may, at any time thereafter, by notice in writing to the Purchaser, terminate this Agreement, in which case, the Deposit will be paid to, and be fully released to, the Seller (together with any interest accrued thereon, or, where applicable, under deduction of any negative interest, and after deduction of the costs of the Deposit Escrow Agreement).  The payment of the Deposit pursuant to this clause 7.3(c) shall be in full and final satisfaction of any rights and remedies available to each of the Seller, the Purchaser and the Guarantor against each other in respect of such matters (and each of the Seller, the Purchaser and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives all such other rights and remedies).  

18 

(d)  In the event that Completion does not take place on or before 23 December 2016 because the Seller does not comply with its obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion (except where such non-compliance is due to the Purchaser not complying with its respective obligations under Schedule 5 at Completion provided that the Purchaser does not have a right of termination under clause 7.4(a) or 7.4(b)), then the Purchaser may, at any time thereafter, by notice in writing to the Seller, terminate this Agreement, in which case, the Seller and Purchaser will promptly thereafter jointly execute a Payment Notice (under and as defined in the Deposit Escrow Agreement), so that the Deposit is returned to the Purchaser, to the bank account from which the Purchaser paid the Deposit to the Escrow Bank (together with any interest accrued thereon or, where applicable, under deduction of any negative interest, and after deduction of the costs of the Deposit Escrow Agreement). 

(e)  Each of the Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that, as at the date of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement is not yet in Agreed Form as between all the parties thereto, and each of the Seller and Purchaser undertake towards each other to act reasonably in relation to the further finalisation of the Escrow Agreement, or agreement on alternative arrangements (e.g. such as use of the Purchaser s Solicitors client account for part of the Estimated Price, where the Purchaser s Solicitors give the Seller s Solicitors an irrevocable undertaking to transfer such funds), provided that such alternative arrangements provide the Seller and the Purchaser with equivalent protections. 

(f)  For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Completion takes place on or before 23 December 2016, Seller shall be entitled to instruct the Escrow Bank to pay the Deposit to Seller immediately after the execution of the Deed of Transfer by the Seller and the Purchaser, and the Deposit will be applied as part of the payment of the Estimated Price. 

7.4    Termination 

If: 

(a)  the Seller is in breach of any of its undertakings under clause 6 or Schedule 4   and   such breach or breaches taken together result in a Loss to the Purchaser that is material to the Group as a whole (and where capable of being cured, such breach has not been cured to the Purchaser s reasonable satisfaction); or 

(b)  any of the Fundamental Warranties would be untrue if they were repeated immediately prior to Completion by reference to the facts then existing, and this would be material in the context of the Transaction; or 

(c)  Cerberus Business Finance, LLC actually terminates the commitment letter related to the Transaction dated on or around the date of this Agreement, and/or Roth Capital Partners, LLC actually terminates the underwriting agreement for the equity raising related to the Transaction dated on or around the date of this Agreement, in either or each case, on the grounds of an event or events having a material adverse effect on the Group, taken as a whole, as defined in such commitment letter or underwriting agreement, respectively, 

19 

then the Purchaser may, at any time prior to Completion, by notice in writing to the Seller, terminate this Agreement, without further liability on the part of the Purchaser or the Guarantor, in which case clause 7.5 shall apply, and Seller and Purchaser shall promptly thereafter jointly execute a Payment Notice (under and as defined in the Deposit Escrow Agreement), to: 

x)  in the case of termination under clause 7.4(a) or 7.4(b)), to return 100% of the Deposit to the Purchaser in accordance with clause 7.3(d); 

y)  in the case of termination under clause 7.4(c), where there has been a Deposit MAC Event, to return 50% of the Deposit to the Purchaser in accordance with clause 7.3(d), and to pay 50% of the Deposit to the Seller in accordance with 7.3(c); and 

z)  in the case of termination under clause 7.4(c), where the Commitment Letter or Underwriting Agreement has been terminated on the grounds set out in clause 7.4(c), but it does not constitute a Deposit MAC Event, to pay 100% of the Deposit to the Seller in accordance with clause 7.3(c), 

and for the purpose of this clause 7.4,    Deposit MAC Event    means any circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Group, taken as a whole. 

7.5    Provisions surviving termination  

The following provisions shall continue to have effect notwithstanding termination of this Agreement pursuant to clause 7.4: 

(a)  clause 1 (Interpretation);  

(b)  clause 7.5 (Provisions surviving termination); and clause 1 (Interpretation);  

(b)  clauses 13 (Confidentiality) to 17 (Law and Jurisdiction) (inclusive). 

7.6    Settlement of intra-group arrangements and agreements 

(a)  The Seller shall procure that all Related Party Payables and Related Party Receivables shall be fully and finally settled   at   Completion, in each case without any additional costs, expenses or damages for any of the Group Companies. The Seller shall procure that repayments to be made pursuant to this clause will be aggregated by intra-group transfers or otherwise by the relevant members of the Seller Group on the one hand and by the relevant Group Companies on the other hand by way of set off as far as possible. The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and, as an irrevocable third party stipulation, the Group Companies against all amounts of Related Party Receivables which have not been fully and finally settled at Completion. 

(b)  The Seller shall procure, with effect from Completion, the release of the Group Companies from any guarantee, indemnity, letter of comfort or Encumbrance or other similar liability given or incurred by it for the benefit of any member  

20 

of the Seller Group or any Connected Person of any member of the Seller Group, whether actual or contingent, in each case without any additional costs, expenses or damages for any of the Group Companies. The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and, as an irrevocable third party stipulation, each of the Group Companies, against all amounts paid by any of them after Completion pursuant to any such guarantees, indemnity, letter of comfort or Encumbrances or other liabilities. 

(c)  The Seller shall procure that, except as expressly set out in this Agreement or otherwise to be agreed by the Parties, all existing agreements and arrangements between one or more members of the Seller Group (excluding the Group) on the one hand and the Group on the other hand   (excluding normal business orders in accordance with past practice, the South African License, the consultancy agreement with Frank van Wezel or the Matrix Lease)   shall be terminated prior to or at Completion, in each case without any additional costs, expenses or damages for any of the Group Companies. The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and, as an irrevocable third party stipulation, any Group Company, against any amounts to be paid under existing agreements and arrangements between one or more members of the Seller Group on the one hand and a Group Company on the other hand which would not have been due if the respective agreements or arrangements would have been terminated prior to or at Completion.    

(d)    The Seller and each member of the Seller Group shall prior to or at Completion confirm in writing (i) that the respective company has no recourse claim (  regresvordering  ) against any of the Group Companies and (ii) to the extent such recourse claim does exist that it waives its right in this respect unconditionally without any consideration. The Seller shall indemnify and hold the Purchaser and, as an irrevocable third party stipulation, any of the Group Companies harmless for any direct or indirect damages suffered and any amount to be paid by the Purchaser and/or any of the Group Companies, or as a result of or related to any recourse claims (  regresvorderingen  ) of a member of the Seller Group against any of the Group Companies which has not been waived validly pursuant to the foregoing sentence. 

7.7    No Leakage 

(a)  The Seller unconditionally represents and warrants to the Purchaser that since the Effective Time and until Completion, no Group Company has: 

(i)  declared, authorised, paid or made any dividend or other distribution, redeemed any shares or has reduced its paid up share capital; or 

(ii)  made any payments to the Seller s Group or on behalf of the Seller s Group, or any Connected Person, other than lease payments, interest payments, payments of fees or salaries under service, management and/or employment agreements in the ordinary course of business (but specifically excluded any bonuses or other payments which are connected with the Transaction other than the Bonus Payments referred to in Clause 7.8); or 

21 

(iii)  entered into any transaction, or forgiven, released or waived any obligation owed by any Person, or assumed any liability with respect to any Person, or given any guarantee, indemnity or security to any Person, or given any gift or other gratuitous payment, other than in the ordinary course of business; or 

(iv)  sold or transferred any of its inventory or accounts receivable at less than book value   minus   directly allocated provisions; or 

(v)  paid any Transaction Expenses; or 

(vi)  agreed to do any of the foregoing. 

(b)  The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser   and, as an irrevocable third party stipulation, each of the Group Companies  , on a euro for euro basis against any breach of clause 7.7(a) above.  

7.8    Bonus Payments 

Subject to Completion, the Purchaser shall procure that the Company shall pay at its expense an amount of EUR 114,000 (in total) as bonuses to the Employees mentioned in document number 06.04.23 in the Data Room (allocated as set out therein) as part of their respective salary payments with respect to either the month November 2016 or December 2016.  An accrual for such amount (plus any employer taxes and social security contributions thereon) shall be included in the Working Capital Liability as at the Effective Time. 

7.9    Information required prior to Completion 

Commencing on the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the Completion Date, and on each Business Day thereafter, the Seller shall notify the Purchaser of the expected amount of the Completion Third Party Net Debt and the Completion Related Party Net Debt, as well as the South Africa Excess or the South Africa Shortfall, as the case may be, provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, that such amounts shall reflect Seller's reasonable assessment with respect to the relevant amounts and shall not create any liability on the part of Seller.   

8.    Restriction of the Seller 

8.1    Undertakings 

As further consideration for the Purchaser agreeing to purchase the Sale Shares on the terms set out in this Agreement, the Seller undertakes (for the benefit of the Purchaser, the Company, the Subsidiaries and, subject to clause 8.7, the Purchaser s and the Group s successors in title) that it will not, and shall procure that none of its Affiliates, nor Frank van Wezel, shall directly or indirectly: 

(a)  for the period of two years after the Completion Date, either on its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person (other than the Purchaser or the Group), carry on or be engaged, concerned or interested (whether as principal, shareholder, director, employee, agent, consultant,  

22 

partner or otherwise) in carrying on any Restricted Business, other than (i) as a holder for investment purposes only (which shall exclude an interest conferring a management function or material influence) of any shares, debentures or other participation, or (ii) as a holder of not more than 10 per cent of any class of shares or debentures or other participation; and 

(b)  for the period of two years after the Completion Date, either on his, its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person (other than the Purchaser or the Group), solicit or endeavour to entice away any person who at the Completion Date is (or who within a period of one year prior to the Completion Date has been) an officer, Key Management, manager, senior employee, agent or consultant of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and whether or not such person would commit a breach of contract by reason of leaving service or office  , for the avoidance of doubt not including people (i)   whose employment was terminated by the relevant Group Company   or (ii) who can be shown to have proactively approached Frank van Wezel without any direct or indirect approach by or on behalf of Frank van Wezel  ; and 

(c)  for the period of two years after the Completion Date, either on his, its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person (other than the Purchaser or the Group), in connection with any Restricted Business, solicit the custom of or endeavour to entice away from the Company or any of the Subsidiaries any person who at the Completion Date is (or who within a period of one year prior to the Completion Date has been) a client or customer of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and whether or not such person would commit a breach of contract by reason of transferring business; and 

(d)  for the period of two years after the Completion Date, either on his, its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person (other than the Purchaser or the Group), in connection with any Restricted Business, deal with any person who at the Completion Date is (or who within a period of one year prior to the Completion Date has been) a client or customer of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and whether or not such person would commit a breach of contract by reason of transferring business; and 

(e)  for the period of two years after the Completion Date, either on his, its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person (other than the Purchaser or the Group), in connection with any Restricted Business endeavour to entice away from the Company or any of the Subsidiaries any person who at the Completion Date is (or who within a period of one year prior to the Completion Date has been) a supplier of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries whether or not such person would commit a breach of contract by reason of transferring business; and 

(f)    at any time after the date of this Agreement, use either for his, its or their own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any person, firm or company (other than the Purchaser or the Group), any trade or service mark, trade name, design or logo (whether registered or not and including the Intellectual Property Rights listed in Schedule 3) used in the business of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any other name, logo, trade or service mark or design which is  

23 

or might be confusingly similar thereto  , other than under the South African License and the Amsterdam store  . 

8.2    Seller to procure compliance 

The Seller undertakes to take all such reasonable steps as shall from time to time be necessary to ensure that no breach of clause 8.1 arises as a result of any action by any of its Affiliates, or any of its employees or agents of the Seller or of any such Affiliate in their capacity as an employee or agent of the Seller or such Affiliate. 

8.3    Separate undertakings 

Each of the undertakings in each clause 8.1(a) to 8.1(f) inclusive and clause 8.2 shall be construed as a separate and independent undertaking and if one or more of the undertakings is held to be void or unenforceable, the validity of the remaining undertakings shall not be affected. 

8.4    Reasonableness 

The Seller agrees that each of the restrictions and undertakings contained in clauses 8.1 and clause 8.2 is reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Purchaser s legitimate interests in the goodwill of the Company and the Subsidiaries, but if any such restriction or undertaking shall be found to be void or voidable but would be valid and enforceable if some part or parts of the restriction or undertaking were deleted, such restriction or undertaking shall apply with such modification as may be necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

8.5    Void or unenforceable restrictions 

Without prejudice to clause 8.4, if any restriction or undertaking is found by any court or other competent Authority to be void or unenforceable the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to replace such void or unenforceable restriction or undertaking with a valid provision which, as far as possible, has the same commercial effect as that which it replaces.  

8.6    Confidential information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries  

The Seller shall not and shall procure that none of its Affiliates and Connected Persons or any officer, employee, agent or adviser of the Seller or of any such Affiliate or Connected Persons shall at any time after the date of this Agreement make use of or divulge to any other person (other than to the Seller s professional advisers for any purposes of this Agreement or any matter arising out of it) any Confidential Information relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries save only: 

(a)  in so far as the same has become public knowledge otherwise than, directly or indirectly, through the breach by the Seller of this clause 8.6 or the failure of any such Affiliate or Connected Person, officer, employee or professional adviser referred to above to keep the same confidential; or 

(b)  to the extent required by Law or by any Authority having jurisdiction over them and whether or not the requirement has the force of Law. 

24 

8.7    Successors in title etc.  

The Purchaser acknowledges that each of the restrictions and undertakings contained in clause 8.1 and 8.2 are given for the benefit of the Purchaser, the Company, the Subsidiaries and each of the purchasers under the UK APA, US APA and Canada APA. The Purchaser further acknowledges that only the Purchaser, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall have the right to make or pursue a claim directly against the Seller for any breach of the restrictions and undertakings in clause 8.1 and clause 8.2, and which claim may, for the avoidance of doubt, be brought by the Purchaser, Company or relevant Subsidiary for its own account, or on behalf of the relevant purchasers under the UK APA, USA APA and Canada APA.     This clause 8.7 only creates third party stipulation rights (  derdenbeding  ) to the extent necessary to enable the Company, the Subsidiaries, or the Purchaser (on behalf of the purchasers under the UK APA, US APA and Canada APA) to make or pursue a claim in accordance with the foregoing sentence and does not otherwise create any third party rights.  

9.    Warranties 

9.1    Giving of Warranties    

(a)    The Seller hereby warrants to and for the benefit of the Purchaser that each of the Warranties is true, accurate and not misleading at the date of this Agreement, save to the extent Disclosed. The Seller acknowledges and accepts that the Purchaser is entering into this Agreement in reliance upon each of the Warranties each of which is given on the basis that it will, by reference to the facts then existing, remain true and accurate at all times up to and including Completion.    

(b)  The Warranties are deemed to be repeated immediately prior to Completion by reference to the facts then existing. Any reference made to the date of this Agreement (whether express or implied) in relation to any Warranty shall be construed, in connection with the repetition of the Warranties, as a reference to the date of such repetition.  

The Parties acknowledge that, save to   the   extent covered by any of the Warranties, no other warranties, whether express or implied, are given to the Purchaser in relation to the Transaction. 

9.2    Purchaser s knowledge 

None of the Warranties shall be deemed in any way modified or discharged by reason of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Purchaser. The Warranties shall remain in full force and effect even where it should in the future be held that the Purchaser has failed to meet its duty to investigate any fact or situation represented or warranted, save where the Seller proves that there has been gross negligence on the part of the Purchaser in failing to make such investigation. The foregoing shall apply instead of Article 7:17 (5) of the Dutch Civil Code. No other information relating to the Company or the Subsidiaries that has not been Disclosed, but of which the Purchaser has knowledge (whether actual or constructive), shall prejudice any claim made by the Purchaser under  

25 

the Warranties or otherwise under this Agreement or operate to reduce any amount recoverable. 

9.3    Warranties to be independent    

Each of the Warranties shall be separate and independent and, save as otherwise expressly provided, shall not be limited by reference to any other Warranty, or any disclosure in relation to another Warranty (save where a Disclosure made in the Disclosure Letter against one Warranty cross-refers to a Disclosure made against another Warranty), or any other reference in this Agreement, or the Tax Covenant. 

9.4    Damages 

Subject to the provisions of and liabilities included in this clause 9, in case of a breach of, or any inaccuracy in, any of the Warranties, the Seller shall pay to the Purchaser, on its demand (as far as possible by way of repayment of the Price), as agreed damages the aggregate of: 

(a)  the amount necessary to put the Company and each of the Subsidiaries into the position which would have existed if the relevant Warranties had not been breached, including the amount by which their assets or contracts (including any warranted to exist but not in fact existing) is thereby less or the amount of their liabilities (including any which would not have existed but in fact exist) is thereby more; and 

(b)  all Losses and Expenses incurred by the Purchaser, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, as a result of such breach or in order to establish or remedy the same; 

and any amounts payable under this clause 9.4 shall be determined without reference to any Laws relating to the determination of damages for breach of warranty. 

9.5    Compensation for Claims 

In addition to clause 9.4, if any payment in respect of a breach of any of the Warranties or under the Tax Covenant forms part of the Purchaser s or any Group Company s taxable profit (or reduces its or the Group Company s Tax losses), the Seller shall pay to the Purchaser or the respective Group Company such additional amount (taking into account any Tax payable in respect of such additional amount) as will ensure the Purchaser or the respective Group Company receives and retains a net amount equal to the full amount which it would have received and retained had the payment not formed part of the Purchaser s or the Group Company s taxable profit (or reduced its Tax losses). 

9.6    W I Insurance  

Subject to clause 11.2, the Parties hereby specifically agree that recourse against the R W Policy shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for the Purchaser for any Losses and Expenses suffered under and/or claims under this Agreement, other than for Losses and Expenses suffered under and/or claims under: clauses 4 (Estimated Price), 5 (Post-Completion Price Adjustment), 7.3 (Deposit), 7.4 (Termination), 7.6 (Settlement of  

26 

intra-group arrangements and agreements), 7.7 (No Leakage), 7.8 (Bonus Payments), 7.9 (Information required prior to Completion), 8 (Restrictions of the Seller), 9.7 (Waiver), 10 (Indemnity), 13.2 (Confidentiality), 14 (Announcements), 16 (Provisions relating to this Agreement), 17 (Law and Jurisdiction), Schedule 8 and Schedule 11, as well as the Definition referred to in such clauses, or resulting from failure by the Seller to deliver the Sale Shares in accordance with the provisions of clause 2 (Sale of Shares) or to complete the Transaction in accordance with the provisions of clause 7.2, whereby the Parties agree that if and when Completion has occurred, no recourse for Losses or Expenses suffered under and/or claims under such clause 7.2 (if any) shall remain. Except with respect to such clauses 4 (Estimated Price), 5 (Post-Completion Price Adjustment), 7.3 (Deposit), 7.4 (Termination), 7.6 (Settlement of intra-group arrangements and agreements), 7.7 (No Leakage), 7.8 (Bonus Payments), 7.9 (Information required prior to Completion), 8 (Restrictions of the Seller), 9.7 (Waiver), 10 (Indemnity), 11.2 (Exclusions), 13.2 (Confidentiality), 14 (Announcements), 16 (Provisions relating to this Agreement), 17 (Law and Jurisdiction), Schedule 8 and Schedule 11, as well as the Definitions referred to in such clauses, or resulting from failure by the Seller to deliver the Sale Shares in accordance with the provisions of clause 2 (Sale of Shares), or to complete the Transaction in accordance with the provisions of clause 7.2 (to the extent Completion has not yet occurred), the Purchaser shall not have any recourse against the Seller, its Affiliates, Connected Persons (including but not limited to Frank van Wezel), Key Management, Directors or other employees with respect to any breach of, or inaccuracy in, any Warranty or otherwise. 

The Purchaser shall procure that the R W Policy shall include stipulations (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Seller) to the effect that, except in the case of fraud or willful concealment, the Insurer shall also not have any recourse against the Seller, its Affiliates, Connected Persons (including but not limited to Frank van Wezel), Key Management, Directors or other employees. 

9.7    Waiver  

(a)  The Seller undertakes to and for the benefit of the Purchaser that the Seller will not make or pursue any claim or action of any kind and no matter however it arises against any of the Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of the present or past officers or employees or agents or consultants of any of them in respect of any loss or liability of any kind which the Seller may incur pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the sale of the Sale Shares to the Purchaser or the preparation of the Disclosure Letter. 

(b)  Each Party waives any rights it may have in connection with this Agreement pursuant to title 1, book 7 of the Dutch civil code.      

9.8    Further disclosure by the Seller 

Without prejudice to Schedule 7 the Seller shall forthwith disclose in writing to the Purchaser any matter or thing which may arise or become known to the Seller after the date of this Agreement and before Completion which is: 

(a)  inconsistent with any of the Warranties; or 

27 

(b)  which is a breach of this Agreement or which is material to be known to a Purchaser for value of the Sale Shares. 

10.    Indemnity  

(a)    The Seller shall pay to the Purchaser or the relevant Group Company an amount equal to     the amount(s) overdue at the Effective Time by Sports   Adventure Argentina as included in the payment schedule Disclosed in the Data Room under number 03.05.16.01 and that have not been paid by Sports   Adventure Argentina by 31 December 2016 (for the avoidance of doubt, such amounts being   EUR 305,000   at the Effective Time and being reduced by any amounts received by the Group Companies no later than 31 December 2016). Such payment shall be made by the Seller to the Purchaser or the relevant Group Company within 10 Business Days of 31 December 2016. Any amounts of the debt due by Sports   Adventure Argentina that are recovered by the Purchaser or a Group Company from Sports   Adventure Argentina after 31 December 2016 but before 31 December 2017 shall be repaid by the Purchaser or a Group Company to the Seller promptly following receipt of the same, the amount to so be repaid not to exceed the amount paid by the Seller to the Purchaser or a Group Company under this clause 10(a). 

(b)  During the period between the Completion Date and 31 December 2017, the Purchaser shall, and shall procure that the Group Companies shall, use reasonable efforts (provided that where this requires the Purchaser or Group Companies to incur third party costs and expenses, this shall be at the Seller s expense, subject to the Seller giving its prior written consent to such costs and expenses) to recover the outstanding amount(s) set out in clause 10(a) from Sports   Adventure Argentina (provided that nothing shall require it to commence legal proceedings). The Purchaser shall inform the Seller of any material developments relating to (the recovery of) such outstanding amount(s) and shall not make any settlement with respect to any such outstanding amount(s) with Sports   Adventure Argentina without the prior written consent of the Seller, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Subject to the written consent of the Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Purchaser shall, and shall procure that the Group Companies shall, allow the Seller to take any and all steps reasonably desired by Seller to recover the outstanding amount(s) set out in clause 10(a) from Sports   Adventure Argentina on behalf of the Seller and the Group Companies. 

11.    Limitation of Seller s Liability 

11.1    Limitation of liability 

The Seller s liability under this Agreement shall be limited as provided in Schedule 7.   

11.2    Exclusions 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this clause 11.2 and Schedule 7 shall not apply to any claim made against the Seller in case of any fraud, dishonesty, wilful misstatement or wilful omission by or on behalf of the Seller. 

28 

12.    Guarantee 

The Guarantor hereby agrees to be jointly and severally liable (  hoofdelijk aansprakelijk  ) for the obligations of the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.  The Guarantor shall cease to have any liability under this clause 12 once the amounts due to be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller under clauses 3 and 5 of this Agreement have been so paid in full. 

13.    Confidentiality 

13.1    Confidentiality obligations 

Subject to clause 13.2 and to clause 13.4 and without prejudice to clause 8.6, each Party: 

(a)  shall treat as strictly confidential all the provisions of this Agreement and the process of their negotiation and all information about   the   other Party obtained or received by it during the course of negotiating, entering into or performing this Agreement (   Confidential Information   ); and  

(b)  shall not make use of or disclose to any person any Confidential Information, other than with the prior written consent of all other such parties or, where the Confidential Information relates only to one or some parties to this Agreement, the prior written consent of that or all those parties, and in no case shall such consent be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

13.2    Permitted disclosure or use 

Clause 13.1 shall not apply if and to the extent that the Party using or disclosing Confidential Information can demonstrate that: 

(a)  such disclosure is required by Law or stock exchange regulations or is required or requested by any Authority having jurisdiction over it or is required pursuant to or in connection with any agreement (including but not limited to any horizontal monitoring (  horizontaal toezicht  ) agreement) entered into or to be entered into by the Purchaser or any Group Company and whether or not the requirement or request has the force of Law; 

(b)  such disclosure or use is to its officers, employees, agents, consultants and professional advisers in relation to the negotiation, entry into or performance of this Agreement or any matter arising out of the same or, where the disclosing Party is the Purchaser, is of information necessarily or reasonably disclosed to any person concerned with any transaction for financing the purchase of the Sale Shares or the granting of security over the same or over the benefit of this Agreement or any other transaction dependent upon or relating to such purchase or any transaction involving the sale or other disposal of any of the Sale Shares or the whole or any part of the issued share capital of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries for the time being or any of the assets for the time being of any such company or any other company to which any such assets have been transferred or the transfer of control of any company mentioned in this clause 13.2(b); or 

29 

(c)  such disclosure is required to facilitate any assignment or proposed assignment of the whole or any part of the rights or benefits under this Agreement permitted by clause 16.1; or 

(d)  in the case of disclosure or use, the relevant Confidential Information was lawfully in its possession (as evidenced by written records) prior to its being obtained or received as described in clause 13.1(a); or 

(e)  in the case of disclosure or use, the relevant Confidential Information has come into the public domain other than through its fault or the fault of any person to whom such Confidential Information has been disclosed as permitted by this clause 13. 

13.3    Continuance of restrictions 

The restrictions contained in this clause 12 shall survive Completion and shall continue without limit of time. 

13.4    Privilege 

Where any Confidential Information is also privileged, the waiver of such privilege is limited to the purposes of this Agreement and does not, and is not intended to, result in any wider waiver of the privilege.  Any Party to this Agreement in possession of any Confidential Information of the other Party shall take all reasonable steps to protect the privilege of the other Party and shall inform the other Party if any step is taken by any other person to obtain any of the privileged Confidential Information of the other Party.   

14.    Announcements 

14.1    Restrictions 

Subject to clauses 14.2 and 14.4, no Party to this Agreement shall make any announcement, (including any communication to the public, to any customers or suppliers of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to all or any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary) concerning the provisions or subject matter of this Agreement or containing any information about the other Party without the prior written approval of the other Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

14.2    Permitted announcements 

Clause 14.1 shall not apply to a Party to this Agreement if and to the extent that such announcement is required by Law, stock exchange regulations or by any Authority having jurisdiction over it and whether or not the requirement has the force of Law and provided that any such announcement shall be made only after consultation with the other Party, to the extent that would not breach any Laws or stock exchange regulations. 

14.3    Continuance of restrictions 

The restrictions in this clause 14 shall survive Completion and shall continue without limit of time. 

30 

14.4    Announcements to customers and suppliers 

The Seller and the Purchaser shall as soon as practicable following execution of this Agreement, and in any event within 48 hours, or such shorter period as is required to comply with stock exchange rules applying to Cherokee, Inc., procure that a joint public announcement of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares is made in the Agreed Form. 

15.    Notary 

15.1  The Parties are aware that the Notary is a civil-law notary working at NautaDutilh N.V., the firm that advises the Purchaser in respect of the Dutch legal matters arising in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. With reference to the Code of Conduct (  Verordening beroeps- en gedragsregels  ) established by the Royal Notarial Professional Organisation (  Koninklijke Notari le Beroepsorganisatie  ), the Parties hereby acknowledge and confirm that: 

(a)  the Notary shall execute any and all deeds related to the Dutch legal matters within this Agreement; and 

(b)  the Purchaser is assisted and represented by NautaDutilh N.V. in relation to the Dutch legal matters within this Agreement and any other agreements that may be concluded, or disputes that may arise, in connection therewith. 

16.    Provisions relating to this Agreement 

16.1    Assignment 

(a)  This Agreement shall be binding upon and enure for the benefit of the successors of the Parties but the rights or obligations of the Parties may not be assigned, transferred, charged or sub-contracted without the other Party s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), save that the Purchaser may at any time assign all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement including any of the Warranties, the Tax Covenant and any other indemnities, undertakings and obligations given or undertaken by the Seller and any cause of action arising under or in respect of any of them, to: 

(i)  to any Affiliate of the Purchaser (provided that it shall remain such an Affiliate of the Purchaser); or 

(ii)  any bank or lender (or its successors) as security agent under any financing arrangements of the Purchaser or its Group. 

(b)  Any such assignee may enforce any right or benefit assigned to it as if it had been named in this Agreement as the Purchaser, and in the case of an assignment to any Affiliate of the Purchaser such Affiliate may recover thereunder as if it had acquired the Sale Shares (or the appropriate proportion thereof) for the price per Sale Share and upon the other terms of this Agreement and had thereby sustained all diminutions of value, Losses and Expenses in consequence of such acquisition as have been sustained by the Purchaser and any subsequent holder of such share capital which is such an Affiliate, including itself, as if they were  

31 

all one entity which had retained the ownership of the Sale Shares throughout, but such an assignee shall not be entitled to recover any amount to the extent that it has already been recovered by the Purchaser or another such assignee. 

(c)  Every such assignee which is such an Affiliate shall be entitled to enforce the benefits conferred upon it by such assignment and this clause 16.1 directly against the Seller and, for that purpose, each such assignee shall be entitled to the benefit of and be subject to all the provisions of this Agreement in any way relevant to the rights assigned to it and conferred upon it by this clause 16.1.  This Agreement may however be amended or rescinded without the consent of any such assignee.  

16.2    Whole agreement and variations 

(a)  This Agreement together with any documents referred to in it constitutes the whole agreement between the Parties relating to its subject matter and supersedes and extinguishes any prior drafts, agreements, and undertakings, whether in writing or oral, relating to such subject matter, except to the extent that the same are repeated in this Agreement, and/or documents referred to in it. 

(b)  Each Party hereto acknowledges that it has not been induced to enter into this Agreement by any representation, warranty, promise or assurance (whether made innocently or negligently) by the other Party or any other person save for those contained in this Agreement  , the Data Room   and in the Disclosure Letter. 

(c)  Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude any liability or remedy for fraud. 

(d)  No variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by each of the Parties. 

16.3    Rights etc cumulative and other matters 

(a)  The rights, powers, privileges and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and, except as otherwise expressly provided, are not exclusive of any rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or otherwise. 

(b)  Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, no failure to exercise nor any delay in exercising any right, power, privilege or remedy under this Agreement shall in any way impair or affect the exercise thereof or operate as a waiver thereof in whole or in part. 

(c)  No single or partial exercise of any right, power, privilege or remedy under this Agreement shall prevent any further or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, privilege or remedy. 

16.4    Further assurances  

At any time after Completion the Parties shall, at the request of the other Party execute or procure the execution of such documents and do or procure the doing of such acts  

32 

and things as the requesting Party may reasonably require for the purpose of giving to the Parties the full benefit of all the provisions of this Agreement. 

16.5    Invalidity 

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, void, invalid or unenforceable under the Laws of any jurisdiction, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction shall not be affected, and the legality, validity and enforceability of the whole of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected. 

16.6    No rescission or nullification 

Each Party waives its right to rescind (  ontbinden  ) this Agreement, in whole or in part, on the basis of article 6:265 BW or to request a competent court to amend this Agreement on the basis of article 6:230(2) BW. Furthermore, a Party in error (  dwaling  ) shall bear the risk of that error in making this Agreement and waives its right to nullify (  vernietigen  ) this Agreement. 

16.7    No set-off by the Purchaser's Group 

Neither the Purchaser nor its Affiliates or Connected Persons shall have any right of set off against, deduction from, or suspension of payment of any amount due or payable by the Seller under or in connection with this Agreement. 

16.8    Interest 

If a Party defaults in the payment when due of any damages or other sum payable by virtue of this Agreement or the other Party becomes entitled to damages for any breach of this Agreement (whether determined by agreement or by an order of a court or otherwise) the amount payable shall be increased to include interest on such sum or amount of damages from the due date to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at that annual rate which is 200 basis points above the base rate of ABN AMRO Bank N.V. from time to time in effect during such period.   

16.9    No deductions 

Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all payments to be made by the Seller to the Purchaser or any Group Company shall be made in full without any set-off or counterclaim and free from any deduction or withholding except as may be required by Law (in which event such deduction or withholding shall not exceed the minimum amount required by Law and the Seller shall simultaneously pay to the Purchaser or the respective Group Company whatever additional amount is required for the net amount required to equal what would have been received if no such deduction or withholding had been required).  Any amount payable in relation to any Warranty, indemnity or undertaking shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that the net amount received by the Purchaser shall, after Tax, be equal to that which it would have received had the payment not been subject to Tax. 

33 

16.10    Counterparts 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, and all the counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement.  The exchange of a fully executed version of this Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission in PDF format or by facsimile shall be sufficient to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and no exchange of originals is necessary. 

16.11    Costs 

E  ach Party shall bear their own costs arising out of or in connection with the preparation, negotiation and implementation of this Agreement. 

16.12    Notices 

(a)  Any notice or other communication required to be given under this Agreement or in connection with the matters contemplated by it shall, except where otherwise specifically provided, be in writing in the English language and shall be addressed as provided in clause 16.12(b) and may be: 

(i)  personally delivered, in which case it shall be deemed to have been given upon delivery at the relevant address; or 

(ii)  if within the Netherlands, sent by first class pre-paid post, in which case it shall be deemed to have been given two Business Days after the date of posting; or 

(iii)  sent by electronic mail, in which case it shall be given at the time it left the e-mail gateway of the server of the notice, but subject to the same provisions concerning receipt after 17.00 hours or on a day which is not a Business Day which apply to notices sent by facsimile. 

(b)  The addresses and other details of the parties referred to in clause 16.12(a) are, subject to clause 16.12(d): 

For the Seller: 

Name: Sunningdale Corporation Limited 

For the attention of: Franklin van Wezel 

Address: Suite 3, Tower Business Centre, Tower Street, Swatar, Birkirkara, Malta 

E-mail address: Wayne.Pisani@gtmalta.com  

with a copy to: 

Name: Houthoff Buruma Co peratief U.A. 

34 

For the attention of: Alexander Kaarls 

Address: P.O. Box 75505, 1070 AM, The Netherlands 

For the Purchaser: 

Name:  Cherokee Inc. 

For the attention of: Henry Stupp (CEO) and Howard Siegel (COO) 

Address: 5990 Sepulveda Boulevard, Sherman Oaks, CA 91411 

E-mail address: henrys@cherokeeglobalbrands.com  

and howards@cherokeeglobalbrands.com 

with a copy to: 

Name: Morrison   Foerster LLP 

For the attention of: Scott Stanton  

Address: 12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100, San Diego, CA 92130 

(c)  In proving service of any notice it shall be sufficient to prove: 

(i)  in the case of a notice personally delivered that it was delivered or left at the specified address; 

(ii)  in the case of a notice sent by first class post that such notice was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post; 

(iii)  in the case of a notice sent by e-mail that the e-mail left the e-mail gateway of the server of the notice. 

(d)  Any Party to this Agreement may notify the other parties in accordance with this clause 16.12 of any change to its address or other details specified in clause 16.12(b), provided that such notification shall only be effective on the date specified in such notice or five Business Days after the notice is given, whichever is later. 

17.    Law and Jurisdiction 

17.1    Dutch Law 

This Agreement and all matters arising from it (including, without limitation, any dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or any non-contractual obligation) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Dutch Law. 

35 

17.2    Jurisdiction 

In relation to any legal action or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including, without limitation, any dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or any non-contractual obligation) (   Proceedings   ) each of the Parties to this Agreement irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the grounds of venue or on the grounds that the Proceedings have been brought in an inappropriate forum provided that a judgment or order of any court may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

[  signature page to follow  ]   

36 

Schedule 4  : Conduct of Business Pending Completion 

1.    Purchaser s right of access 

1.1  From the date of this Agreement, the Purchaser and any persons authorised by it, shall after giving reasonable notice to the Seller be allowed reasonable access to the premises of the Company and the Subsidiaries, and the Seller shall use its best endeavours to procure the supply of any information reasonably required by the Purchaser for the preparation of Completion. 

1.2  The Purchaser shall not and shall procure that none of its Affiliates or Connected Persons or any officer, employee, agent or adviser of the Purchaser, its Affiliates or Connected Persons shall make use of or divulge to any other person (other than to the Purchaser s professional advisers for any purposes of this Agreement) any confidential information relating to the Company or the Subsidiaries that the Purchaser may obtain in the exercise of its rights under paragraph 1.1 of this Schedule 4.  Such obligation shall cease to apply with effect from Completion in respect of all such confidential information, whenever obtained, but should Completion not take place such obligation shall continue without limit of time. 

2.    Conduct of Company s business pending Completion 

From the date of this Agreement until Completion (both dates inclusive) the Seller shall,use its best endeavours to procure that: 

(a)  the Business is carried on in the usual and normal course and with a view to profit; 

(b)  they shall use their best endeavours to preserve the goodwill of the Business and encourage customers and suppliers to continue to deal with them and shall do nothing which will or would be likely to injure such goodwill; 

(c)  the relevant Group Companies assist with the completions under the UK APA, US APA and Canada APA (including, without limitation, providing any information required in connection with the same);  

(d)  the Purchaser is notified in writing any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which   constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to constitute, a termination right for the Purchaser under Clause 7.4;    or  

(e)  no member of the Group shall, save with the prior written consent of the Purchaser, amend re-negotiate or terminate, or attempt to amend, re-negotiate or terminate, or otherwise vary in any way whatsoever, the terms of the UK APA, the US APA or the Canada APA; 

(f)  neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries shall, without the prior consent in writing of the Purchaser, enter into any contract or commitment or do anything that is out of the ordinary and usual course of its business or which materially affects the assets or liabilities of any such companies or their ability to carry on their respective businesses as now conducted.  In particular, the  

37 

Seller shall use its best endeavours to procure that save with the prior consent in writing of the Purchaser, from the date of this Agreement until Completion, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries shall: 

(i)  make any alteration to its memorandum or articles of association or any other document or agreement establishing, evidencing or relating to its constitution or operation; or 

(ii)  create, allot or issue, repay or redeem or grant any option over any shares or loan capital or securities convertible into shares, or modify the rights attaching to any of its issued shares or loan capital, or purchase any of its shares or loan capital or reduce its share capital, other than follows from this Agreement; or   

(iii)  alter the nature or scope of its Business; or 

(iv)  manage its Business otherwise than in accordance with its business and trading policies and practice to date, except as may be necessary to comply with changes in the Law; or 

(v)  enter into any agreement or arrangement or permit any action whereby another company or person becomes its subsidiary or subsidiary undertaking; or 

(vi)  enter into any transaction other than on arms  length terms and for full and proper consideration; or 

(vii)  acquire (whether by one transaction or by a series of transactions) the whole or a substantial or material part of the business, undertaking or assets of any other person; or 

(viii)  dispose of (whether by one transaction or by a series of transactions related or not) and whether or not in the ordinary course of business the whole or any substantial or material part of its business, undertaking or any Intellectual Property or (except in the ordinary course of business) any other of its assets, other than follows from this Agreement; or 

(ix)  incur any capital expenditure in excess of EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand euro) in aggregate; or 

(x)  other than in the ordinary course of business, take any loans, borrowings or other form of funding or financial facility or assistance, or enter into any foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps, collars, guarantees or agreements or other interest rate instruments or any contracts or arrangements relating to derivatives or differences, or in respect of which the financial outcome is to any extent dependent upon future movements of an index or rate of currency exchange or interest, or in the future price of any securities or commodities; or 

(xi)  grant any loans or other financial facilities or assistance to or any guarantees or indemnities for the benefit of any person or create or allow  

38 

to subsist or redeem any Encumbrance over the whole or any part of its undertaking, property or assets; or 

(xii)  enter into any joint venture, partnership or agreement or arrangement for the sharing of profits or assets; or 

(xiii)  enter into any death, retirement, pension, profit sharing, bonus, share option, share incentive or other scheme for the benefit of any of its officers or employees or make any variation (including, but without limitation, any increase in the rates of contribution) to any such existing scheme or effect any key man insurance; or 

(xiv)  commence, compromise, settle, waive a right in respect of or discontinue any legal or arbitration proceedings (other than routine debt collection) for an amount in excess of EUR 100,000 (one hundred thousand euro); or 

(xv)  terminate the employment or office other than for urgent cause of any of its directors, officers or senior employees (here meaning an employee whose present gross annual remuneration exceeds EUR100,000 (one hundred thousand euro) or appoint any new director, officer or senior employee or consultant or materially alter the terms of employment or engagement of any director, senior employee or consultant; or 

(xvi)  declare, make or pay any dividend or distribution (whether of capital or of profits), other than within the Group; or 

(xvii)  enter into any agreement or arrangement with, or vary any existing agreement or arrangement, or pay any remuneration, fee or other sum to the Seller, any Connected Person or any person controlled by the Seller (other than remuneration properly accrued due or reimbursement of business expenses properly incurred; or 

(xviii)  fail to maintain in force all its insurances at their current level of cover, or to pay all premiums which may become due in respect thereof or do anything which would or might entitle the insurers to avoid liability thereunder, other than follows from this Agreement; 

(xix)  do anything to affect the continuation and validity of all licences and consents upon which the Business depends or fail to renew any such licence or consent; 

(xx)  do anything to affect the value or existing use of any of the Properties, including making any material alterations to the same or terminating or giving a notice to terminate any lease or licence under which any Properties is held or varying the terms thereof; 

(xxi)  make any change to its accounting reference date or Tax accounting reference date or to any accounting procedures or Tax accounting procedures or policies or basis of drawing up accounts or Tax accounts; 

39 

(xxii)  enter into, grant or modify or agree to terminate any rights or enter into any agreement relating to any material Intellectual Property Rights or otherwise allow any of its rights relating to material Intellectual Property Rights to lapse or be harmed; 

(xxiii)  enter into any agreement or obligation to do anything prohibited by paragraph 2(f)(i) to 2(f)(xxii) inclusive of this Schedule 4. 

40 

Schedule 5  : Completion Obligations 

1.    Obligations of both Parties 

The Parties shall deliver or make available to each other the documents and/or perform the acts, all as set out below, subject to the obligations set out in paragraph 2 and 3 of this Schedule being satisfied: 

(a)    by no later than  4:30pm CET on the  Completion Date, or so much earlier as practicable, the Purchaser shall ensure receipt of the amount of the Estimated Price (less the Deferred Payment), minus the South Africa Shortfall or plus the South Africa Excess, as the case may be, minus the Deposit (which is already held by the Escrow Bank), the Interest, the Completion Third Party Net Debt, the Completion Related Party Net Debt, one half of the costs of the Escrow Bank with respect to the Escrow Agreement and Deposit Escrow Agreement, and the fees for the Escrow Bank to be able to perform the FX Spot Transaction by electronic transfer to the Escrow Bank so that all steps can be taken in accordance with the Escrow Agreement at Completion at the latest; pending Completion, the Escrow Bank will hold these amounts  for and on behalf of the Purchaser (or the entities funding the Purchaser) in accordance with the Escrow Agreement;  

(b)  on the Business Day prior to the Completion Date, the Seller   and   the Purchaser   shall   execute the Escrow Agreement   and as far as necessary provide an irrevocable instruction to the Escrow Bank to take all steps in accordance with the Escrow Agreement and to in particular upon receipt of the required funds and successfully completing the FX Spot Transaction send the confirmation of receipt of funds mentioned in paragraph 4.4 of the Escrow Agreement to the Notary and to pay out the relevant amounts immediately after it has received the   Confirmation of Share Transfer   from the Notary at same day value  ;    

(c)  the Seller and the Purchaser shall, and the Seller shall procure that the Company shall, deliver powers of attorney in the Agreed Form to the Notary for the execution of a notarial deed of transfer of the Shares, also in the Agreed Form (the    Deed of Transfer   ), which powers of attorney are legalized, contain an authority statement and are apostilled   and the Seller and the Purchaser shall, and the Seller shall procure that the Company shall, instruct the Notary, as far as necessary, to execute the deed of transfer immediately upon receipt of the confirmation of receipt of funds from the Escrow Bank of the confirmation mentioned in paragraph 4.4 of the Escrow Agreement and to inform the Escrow Bank that the Deed of Transfer has been executed immediately after having done so, it being agreed that immediately upon the execution of the Deed of Transfer, the Escrow Bank will hold:  

(i)  the Estimated Price (less the Deferred Payment), minus the South Africa Shortfall or plus the South Africa Excess, as the case may be,   minus one-half ( ) of the premium for the R W Policy, minus one-half ( ) of the fees payable to the Escrow Bank for its services under the Escrow Agreement and the Deposit Escrow Agreement, plus   the Interest, for and on behalf of the Seller  ;   

41 

(ii)    the Completion Third Party Net Debt and the Completion Related Party Net Debt,   for an on behalf of   the relevant creditors to whom the Completion Third Party Net Debt and the Completion Related Party Net Debt is owed  ;   

(iii)  the fees payable to the Escrow Bank for its services under the Escrow Agreement and the Deposit Escrow Agreement for and on behalf of the Escrow Bank; and 

(iv)  one-half ( ) of the premium for the R W Policy for and on behalf of the Purchaser, to be applied by the Purchaser in payment of the premium for the R W Policy, 

in accordance with the Escrow Agreement, and that the Escrow Bank shall be instructed to promptly pay such amounts to the Seller     the relevant creditors  , and the Purchaser,   as further detailed in the Escrow Agreement; 

(d)    the Seller shall deliver to the Notary the original shareholders register   of the Company, and shall ensure that the shareholder registers of each other Group Company are in the possession of the Group; 

(e)  the Notary shall register the transfer of the Shares in the shareholders  register of the Company and deliver the shareholders  register to the   Company  ; and 

(f)  the Notary shall make the necessary registrations with the trade register of the Dutch     chamber of commerce  . 

2.    Seller s obligations 

Subject to the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under Paragraph 3 of this Schedule, on Completion the Seller shall: 

(a)  deliver to the Purchaser: 

(i)  a copy of a shareholders resolution approving the terms of this Agreement; 

(ii)  a deed of release in the Agreed Form releasing all indebtedness or other liability (actual or contingent) owing by the Group to the Seller Group; 

(iii)    confirmation in the Agreed Form that all   loans to or from shareholders of the Seller and the Company are being repaid in full subject to Completion; 

(iv)  confirmation that the Seller has procured the release of the Company and its Subsidiaries from all security rights (if any), indemnities (if any) or other assurances given by the Company or its Subsidiaries to any person for the benefit of any member of the Seller Group; 

(v)  confirmation that all employee stock options have been paid in full or waived by the relevant Employees (subject to Completion); 

42 

(vi)  duly completed forms for the appointment of Jason Boling (or such other person as the Purchaser nominates in writing at least 5 Business Days prior to the Completion Date) as an authorised signatory of the bank accounts of the Group Companies that can be submitted to the relevant banks at Completion; and 

(vii)    duly   executed copy of the Equity Guarantee Letter; 

(b)  deliver to the Purchaser as agent for the Company and the Subsidiaries: 

(i)  the South African Share Transfer Form, duly signed by Hi-Tec Sports plc; 

(ii)  the board resolutions of Hi-Tec Sports plc, approving the South African Transfer; 

(iii)  the board resolutions of South African Holdco, approving and acknowledging the South African Transfer; 

(iv)  the South African Licence, duly executed by all parties to the South African Licence; 

(v)  all resolutions and other documentation required to effect the respective resignations and granting of discharge of Directors for each member of the Group which are not a Post-Completion Directors with immediate effect at Completion; 

(vi)  all resolutions, consents, filings and other documentation required to effect the respective appointments and/or resignations of Directors for each member of the Group in order to ensure that the respective board of Directors for each member of the Group shall be comprised of the Post-Completion Directors with immediate effect following Completion, or as otherwise specifically set out and agreed in the respective corporate approval(s) for such appointment(s)/ resignation(s); 

(vii)    a 1:88 DCC approval from Mr Van Wezel s spouse   or partner   with respect to the entering into the Equity   G  uarantee   L  etter; 

(viii)  the documents and other items which are to be delivered at Completion, under and as defined in the UK APA, by the Sellers as defined therein, pursuant to paragraph 1 of Schedule 6 (Completion and Post-Completion) of the UK APA; 

(ix)  irrevocably release to the Purchaser, all documents which are required to be delivered by the Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc. at Closing under and as defined in the US APA and Canada APA, respectively, pursuant to section 8.4 of the said US APA and Canada APA; 

(c)  procure the discharge of all guarantees and any analogous obligations, if any, given by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in respect of the obligations  

43 

of any other person (and including the guarantees and obligations stipulated to be discharged at Completion), confirmation   from the relevant third parties   of such discharge to be given in Agreed Form;  

(d)  confirmation (in the Agreed Form)   from the relevant third parties   of the release and discharge of any outstanding facility agreements and related security, including but not limited to the   Completion   Third Party Net Debt  ,     and the Completion   Related Party Net Debt   and the Deutsche Bank AG guarantee related to the bonded warehouse; and 

(e)    deliver to the Purchaser a copy of the Escrow Agreement validly entered into by the Seller and the relevant creditors under the Third Party Net Debt (the latter to the extent required by the relevant creditors in relation to release of security); 

3.    Purchaser s obligations 

Subject to the performance by the Seller of its obligations under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Purchaser shall: 

(a)  ensure that the Company enters into new service agreements with Ed van Wezel, Martin Binnendijk;    

(b)    deliver to the Seller a copy of the Escrow Agreement validly entered into by all parties thereto (other than the Seller, the relevant creditors under the Third Party Net Debt, and the Escrow Bank); and 

(c)  ensure that the Company shall enter into a consultancy agreement with   Matrix. 

44 

SChedule 6  : General Warranties 

Each warranty or representation in this Agreement which is expressed to be given in relation to the Company shall to the extent applicable also be deemed to be given in relation to each Subsidiary as if it had been repeated with respect to each such Subsidiary naming it in place of the Company throughout. References to Netherlands legal concepts shall, in respect of a jurisdiction other than the Netherlands, be deemed to include such legal concept which in that jurisdiction most closely approximates the Netherlands legal concept. This Schedule shall not apply in any respect to either the South African Holdco, the South African Subsidiary or with respect to the South African Shares. 

1.    Capacity and Authority 

(a)  The Seller has full power to enter into and perform this Agreement and any other document contemplated in this Agreement respectively, each of which constitutes (or will when executed constitute) binding obligations on the Seller in accordance with their respective terms. 

(b)  The Transaction and the execution of and compliance by the Seller of this Agreement will not breach or constitute a default any order, judgment, decree or other restriction of any kind to which the Seller is bound. 

(c)  This Agreement constitutes valid, legal and binding obligations on the Seller. 

(d)  The Transaction and the execution of and compliance with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents will not cause a requirement for the Company to transfer or sell any security or other interest in any undertaking.  

2.    The Company 

2.1    Company Information 

The information set out in Part 1 of Schedule 1 in respect of the Company is true, accurate, complete and not misleading.  

2.2    Incorporation 

The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing under the law of its jurisdiction of formation. 

2.3    Implementation of resolutions 

No resolution has been adopted by any corporate body of the Company, which has not been fully implemented. 

2.4    Registration requirements 

The Company meets all registration requirements under applicable law. Evidence thereof (where available in the form of extracts) is included in the documents referred to in the Disclosure Letter. This evidence is correct and includes essential particulars  

45 

as of the dates thereon and the information contained therein has not been modified by any subsequent event. 

2.5    Foreign Directors or proxyholders 

The Company has no Directors, proxyholders (  procuratiehouders  ) or their equivalents under any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands, other than the persons named in Schedule 1. 

2.6    Constitutional documents 

The current articles of association of the Company read in conformity with the copy thereof, which is included in the documents referred to in the Disclosure Letter. The Company has at all times carried on its business and affairs in all respects in accordance with its articles of association or (where relevant) its memorandum of association. 

2.7    Statutory books 

(a)  The statutory books (including all registers and minute books) of the Company have been properly kept and contain an accurate and complete record of the matters which should be dealt with in those books, and no notice or allegation that any of them is incorrect or should be rectified has been received.  

(b)  In particular, the Company has properly kept record of all meetings of shareholders, managing directors and supervisory directors and the minutes of these meetings fully and correctly reflect the matters which have been dealt with during those meetings. 

2.8    Statutory returns 

To the best of Seller's knowledge, t  he Company has at all times complied with the provisions of all relevant companies legislation of its jurisdiction of incorporation, including, as applicable the Companies Acts, and all returns, particulars, resolutions and other documents required to be filed with or delivered to   any other authority of its jurisdiction of incorporation whatsoever, including, as applicable,   the Registrar of Companies,   by the Company, have been correctly and properly prepared and so filed or delivered.    

2.9    Share capital of the Company and its Subsidiaries 

(a)    The shareholders  registers included in   the documents referred to in the Disclosure Letter  , correctly and completely reflect the current and former shareholdings of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and all particulars required to be entered in such registers under the relevant Laws.  Details of the share capital of each of the Subsidiaries including number, type and nominal value of their shares and the current and former holders thereof are set out in Schedule 1 and are true and correct. There are no grounds on the basis whereof any issue of the shares of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries may be invalidated.  All issued and outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary are duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable, were issued in compliance with all applicable Laws concerning the issuance of securities, and have not been  

46 

issued in violation of any pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, subscription rights or similar rights. 

(b)  The Sale Shares constitute the whole of the issued and to be issued share capital of the Company and the Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Sale Shares.   

(c)  At Completion, there will be no Encumbrance on, over or affecting any of the Sale Shares or any debentures or other securities of the Company. No claim has been made by any person to be entitled to the benefit of any such Encumbrance and no person has the right (exercisable now or in the future and whether contingent or not) to call for the issue of any share or loan capital of the Company, and neither the Seller nor the Company has agreed to confer any such rights. The Sale Shares are fully paid or credited as fully paid.  All of the outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary is directly or indirectly owned beneficially and of record by the Company or a Subsidiary, free and clear of all Encumbrances.  There are no (i) authorized or outstanding securities of any Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable for, no options or warrants or rights to subscribe for, or providing for the issuance or sale of, any capital stock or other ownership interest in, or any other securities of, any of the Subsidiaries, or (ii) voting trusts, proxies or other agreements among a Subsidiary s stockholders with respect to the voting or transfer of such Subsidiary s capital stock. 

(d)  During the past three (3) years, the Company has not at any time repaid, redeemed or purchased any of its own shares, or otherwise reduced its issued share capital or any class of it, or capitalised, in the form of shares, debentures or other securities or in paying up any amounts unpaid on any shares, debentures or other securities, any profits or reserves of any class or description or passed any resolution to do so, or agreed to do any of the above. 

(e)  Save as referred to in the Data Room, the Company has not issued any depositary receipts for shares (certificates) profit sharing certificates (  winstbewijzen  ) or granted any other rights to share in its profits (  winstrechten  ), nor granted any other rights to third parties (including but not limited to Employees) entitling such third parties to share in its profits. 

(f)  No person has the right, including a contingent right, exercisable on or after the date of this Agreement to require the Company to allot, convert, issue, register, sell, transfer, or repay any share or loan capital of the Company, or other security giving an interest in the share or loan capital of the Company.  

(g)  The Company does not have any security or other interest in or right to any security or interest in any undertaking.   

(h)  Each Subsidiary exists and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation and has the requisite power and authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted.  Each Subsidiary is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction wherein the nature of its business or the ownership of its assets  

47 

makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not be material to the Business. 

2.10    Dividends 

All dividends declared or due in respect of the Sale Shares have been paid in full. 

2.11    Solvency 

(a)  No proposal has been made or resolution adopted for the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, no circumstances exist which may result in the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, and no proposal has been made or resolution adopted for a statutory merger (  juridische fusie  ) or division (  splitsing  ), or a similar arrangement under the Law of any applicable jurisdiction. 

(b)  The Company has neither been (i) declared bankrupt (  failliet verklaard  ) nor (ii) granted a temporary or definitive moratorium of payments (  surs ance van betaling  ) or (iii) made subject to any insolvency or reorganisation proceedings or (iv) involved in negotiations with any one or more of its creditors or taken any other step with a view to the readjustment or rescheduling of all or part of its debts, nor has, to the best knowledge of the Seller, any third party applied for a declaration of bankruptcy or any such similar arrangement for the Company under the Law of any applicable jurisdiction. 

2.12    Powers of Attorney 

The Company has not granted any power of attorney or similar authority to any person which remains in force. 

3.  Subsidiaries 

(a)  The information set out in Part 2 of Schedule 1 in respect of the Subsidiaries is true, accurate, complete and not misleading. 

(b)  Other than the Subsidiaries, the Company does not have any subsidiary undertakings or any investment or interest in any other entity and there are no outstanding liabilities in relation to former subsidiaries or investments or interest in any other entity.  

4.    Accounts and Financial Position 

4.1    General 

(a)  The Accounts: 

(i)  have been prepared in accordance with Local GAAP applied on a basis  consistent with respect to the preceding five (5) financial years of the Company; and  

48 

(ii)  give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, net asset value, financial position, solvency, liquidity and result of the Company and, on a consolidated basis, of its Subsidiaries at the date and for the period indicate.    

(b)  On the Accounts Date the Company had no obligations, liabilities or commitments   exceeding EUR 50,000 individually (or in relation to a series of related obligations, liabilities or commitments) or EUR 250,000 in aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt, across all Group Companies)  , contingent or otherwise, matured or unmatured, which were not included in the Accounts or for which no adequate provisions have been made therein.  

(c)  The accounts receivable included in the Accounts have been valued at no more than their face value. 

(d)  Except as Disclosed, the Company has not failed to fulfil its obligations to timely publish its annual accounts relating the past five financial years. 

(e)  The Company's Tax accounts have been properly prepared and presented in accordance with the applicable accounting or Tax accounting principles in force at the time the relevant Tax accounts were prepared and give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the Company and on a consolidated basis its Subsidiaries as at the Accounts Date and of the profits or losses of the Company and on a consolidated basis its Subsidiaries for the accounting period to which the Tax accounts relate. 

4.2    Provisions and reserves 

Notwithstanding paragraph 4.1 of this Schedule 6, the Accounts make full provision or reserve for (or where appropriate disclose fully by way of note) all liabilities (whether actual, contingent, unquantified or disputed), capital commitments, Taxation, bad and doubtful debts, obsolete or slow-moving stock and depreciation as at the Accounts Date. 

4.3    Exceptional items 

The Accounts do not include (and the profits of the Company for the period have not been affected to a material extent by) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or non-recurring items. 

4.4    Accounting records 

The Company s accounting records (including all invoices and other records required for VAT purposes) have been properly maintained, contain complete and accurate details of its financial, contractual and trading position and all other appropriate matters (including those required to be entered in them by applicable Law) and are in its possession.  

49 

4.5    Management Accounts 

The Management Accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the Company s accounting records, adopt accounting practices and policies and assumptions and estimation techniques consistent with those adopted in the Accounts of the Company, fairly and in all material respects state the assets, liabilities and financial position of the Company as at that date and the profits or losses for that period and do not include (and the profits of the Company for that period have not been affected to a material extent by) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or non-recurring items.  

5.    Events since the Accounts Date 

5.1    No adjustment 

There is nothing that, if known at the Accounts Date or when the Accounts were approved, would have required the Accounts to be adjusted in any material respect. 

5.2    Events since the Accounts Date 

Since the Accounts Date:  

(a)  the Company has carried on its Business in the normal course and without any interruption or alteration in the nature, scope or manner of its Business and nothing has been done which, to the best of the Seller's knowledge, would be likely to prejudice the interests of the Purchaser as a prospective purchaser of the Sale Shares; 

(b)  the Company has not experienced any material deterioration in its financial position or prospects or turnover or has had its Business, profitability or prospects materially and adversely affected by the loss of any customer or source of supply or by any factor not affecting similar businesses to a like extent, and there are no facts which are likely to give rise to any such effects; 

(c)  otherwise than in the normal course of   business  ,     the Company has not acquired or disposed of or agreed to acquire or dispose of any     assets of a value, or entered into any Contracts involving capital expenditure by it of an amount exceeding EUR 25,000 for any individual asset or Contract (or in relation to a series of related assets or Contracts) or EUR 100,000 in the aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt, across all Group Companies);    

(d)  otherwise than in the normal course of   business or as follows from this Agreement  , the Company has not assumed or incurred or agreed to assume or incur liabilities (actual or contingent), made any payment not provided for in the Accounts or entered into any other transaction  , exceeding EUR 25,000 individually (or in relation to a series of related liabilities, payments or transactions) or EUR 250,000 in the aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt, across all Group Companies); 

(e)  the Company has not declared, made or paid any dividend, bonus or other distribution of capital or income;  

50 

(f)  the Company has not carried out or entered into any transaction, and no other event has occurred, in consequence of which any liability of the Company to Taxation has arisen or will arise (or would have arisen or would or might arise but for the availability of any relief, allowance, deduction or credit) other than Tax arising from transactions entered into or events occurring in the normal course of business (but not including Tax on deemed chargeable gains or deemed income); 

(g)  the Company has not made any material change to the remuneration, terms of employment, emoluments or pension benefits of any present or former director, officer or employee of the Company, or appointed or employed any additional director, officer or key employee; 

(h)  the Company has received payment in full on their due dates of all debts due and owing to it and has not released, in whole or in part, or written off, any debts owing to it in an amount exceeding EUR 50,000; 

(i)  no event has occurred which would entitle any third party to terminate any Contract with, or any benefit enjoyed by, the Company or to call in any money from the Company before the normal due date;    

(j)  the Company has paid its creditors within the times agreed with such creditors and the Company does not have any debts owing by it that are due for payment in more than four weeks;  

(k)  the Company has not created or agreed to create any Encumbrance or entered into any factoring arrangement, hire-purchase, conditional sale or credit sale agreement (and, if any such Encumbrance, arrangement or agreement has been Disclosed or exists or has existed in breach of this paragraph, there has been no default by the Company in the performance or observance of any of the provisions of the Encumbrance, arrangement or agreement); 

(l)  the Company has not borrowed or raised any money or taken any financial facility (except such short term borrowings as are within the amount of any bank overdraft facility which was available to the Company at the Accounts Date) or renegotiated or received any notice from any bank that such bank wishes to renegotiate any overdraft facility available to the Company at the Accounts Date; 

(m)  the Company has not made any change to its accounting reference date or to any accounting procedures or policies or basis of drawing up the Accounts and no financial year of the Company has ended since the Accounts Date;  

(n)  the Company has not made a payment or incurred an obligation to make a payment which will not be deductible in computing trading profits for the purposes of corporation Tax; and 

(o)  the Company (including any class of its shareholders) has not passed any resolution whether in general meeting or otherwise. 

51 

6.    Transactions with the Seller, Directors and Connected Persons 

6.1    Loans and debts 

After Completion, there will not be outstanding: 

(a)  any indebtedness or other liability (actual or contingent) owing by the Company to the Seller (as individual, shareholder or Director), any Director or any Connected Person of the Seller or Director; 

(b)  any indebtedness or other liability (actual or contingent) owing by the Seller (as individual, shareholder or Director), any Director or Connected Person of the Seller or Director to the Company; or  

(c)  any guarantee or security for any such indebtedness or liability. 

6.2    Arrangements with Connected Persons 

The Company: 

(a)  is not, nor has been during the last three (3) years, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether legally enforceable or not) in which the Seller (as individual, shareholder or Director), a Director or former director of the Company or any Connected Person of a Director is or has been interested whether directly or indirectly; or 

(b)  is not a party to, nor have its profits or financial position during the last three (3) years been affected by, any agreement or arrangement which is not entirely of an arm s length nature. 

6.3    Competitive interests 

Neither the Seller: 

(a)  (as individual, shareholder or Director), any Director nor any Connected Person of the Seller or Director, either individually or with any other person or persons, has any interest, directly or indirectly, in any business which has a trading relationship with the Company or (other than that now carried on by the Company) which is or is likely to become competitive with any aspect of the Business of the Company except as registered holder or other owner of any class of securities of any company if either such class of securities is listed on any recognised investment exchange or if such person (together with Connected Persons and Affiliates) holds or is otherwise interested in less than three per cent. (3%) of such class of securities; and 

(b)  the Seller individually or with any other person or persons, is not interested in any way whatsoever in any Intellectual Property used and not wholly owned by the Company. 

52 

6.4    Benefits 

No Connected Person of the Seller is entitled to or has claimed entitlement to any remuneration, compensation or other benefit from the Company. 

6.5    Finder s Fees 

The acquisition of the Sale Shares by the Purchaser and/or the implementation or execution of this Agreement will not entitle any person to receive from the Company any finder s fee, brokerage or commission.  

7.    Finance 

7.1    Bank accounts 

There have been Disclosed: 

(a)  particulars of the balances on all the bank accounts of the Company as at 3 (three) Business Days immediately before the Completion Date and the Company has no other bank accounts.  Since the date of such particulars there have been no payments out of any such bank accounts except in accordance with the Agreement or for routine payments;    

(b)  all unpresented cheques drawn by the Company, and there are no such unpresented cheques drawn otherwise than in the normal course of business.    

7.2    Grants 

(a)  There are no outstanding applications for any grants made to the Company. 

(b)  No act or transaction has been effected in consequence of which the Company is or could be held liable to refund (in whole or in part) any grant made to the Company or any loan received by virtue of any statute, or in consequence of which any such grant or loan for which application has been made by it will not or may not be paid or will or may be reduced.  This Transaction will not result in the Company being held liable to refund (in whole or in part) any such grant or any loan received by virtue of any statute and will not result in any such grant or loan for which application has been made by it not being paid or being reduced.  

7.3    Options and guarantees 

(a)  The Company is not responsible for the indebtedness of any other person nor party to any option or pre-emption right or any guarantee, suretyship or any other obligation (whatever called) to pay, purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or as an indemnity against the consequence of default in the payment of, any indebtedness of any other person. 

(b)  No person has given any guarantee of or security for any overdraft, loan or loan facility granted to the Company. 

53 

7.4    Payment of obligations 

(a)  No obligation due for payment by the Company is overdue by more than 30 days beyond its due date for payment. 

(b)  Full details of the Transaction Expenses have been Disclosed in the Disclosure Letter. 

7.5    Debt 

Immediately following the repayment of the Third Party Net Debt and the Related Party Payables pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will have no Debt, and no obligation to pay, or reimburse, any costs, expenses or fees relating to any Debt. 

Debt    for the purpose of this Warranty means the aggregate amount of borrowings and indebtedness of the Company, excluding any Intercompany Payables, in the nature of borrowings, (whether principal, premium, accrued unpaid interest, including any acceleration or prepayment penalties incurred or to be incurred upon Completion, accrued discount or other amounts), (whether or not payment is due at or before Completion), owing to any financial, banking, lending, or other similar institution, any existing or historic shareholder of the Company or its Affiliates or any other person, including the following items: 

(a)  monies borrowed (including under any hire-purchase or sale and lease-back arrangements); 

(b)  any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent; 

(c)  any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; and 

(d)  any amount raised under any other similar transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing, but excluding trade creditors. 

8.    Assets 

8.1    Title 

(a)  Except for assets disposed of in the ordinary course of trading, at Completion the Company has legal and beneficial title (free from any Encumbrance, hire or hire purchase agreement or leasing agreement or agreement for payment on deferred terms) to all assets of the Company which are necessary to carry on the Business as it has been carried on for the year prior to the date of this Agreement.  The Company does not depend on the use of any assets of the Seller that are not being transferred.  

(b)  The Company has not acquired or agreed to acquire any material asset on terms that title does not pass to it until full payment is made. 

54 

(c)  Where agreements were transferred or assigned to the Company and/or rights under agreements were transferred or assigned to the Company, such transfer and assignments were duly made, and if consent of third parties was required for the transfer of any such assets, such consent was duly obtained. 

8.2    Condition of assets 

The assets of the Company (including all vehicles, equipment and hardware) shown in the Accounts or acquired since the Accounts Date or otherwise used in connection with the Business which have not been disposed of in the ordinary course of business: 

(a)  do not contravene any requirement or restriction having the force of Law; 

(b)  are in good repair and condition and are regularly maintained; 

(c)  are each capable of doing the work for which they were designed and/or purchased and will each be so capable (subject to fair wear and tear) during the period of time over which the value of such assets will be written down to nil in the accounts of the Company; 

(d)  are not surplus to the Company s requirements; and 

(e)  are not dangerous, inefficient, out of date, unsuitable or in need of renewal or replacement outside of the ordinary course; and 

(f)  the vehicles owned by the Company are road-worthy and duly licensed for the purposes for which they are used. 

8.3    Rental payments 

The documents referred to in the Disclosure Letter contain a complete and accurate list of all assets owned or in possession of the Company as per the date stated therein and held under any leasing, hire-purchase or other similar agreement, with an annual contract value of at least EUR 10,000, to which it is a party and rental rates have not been and are not likely to be increased in any material respect (other than annual indexation) and all such rentals are fully deductible by the Company for tax accounting purposes.  

9.    Liabilities and Finance 

9.1  Neither the Company nor a third party has given a guarantee, indemnity, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment, hypothecation or other security agreement or arrangement in respect of any obligation of the Company   (excluding any guarantee given by the Company for any obligation of a Group Company and any   guarantee, indemnity, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment, hypothecation or other security agreement or arrangement to be released at Completion).   

9.2  The Company is not subject to any arrangement for receipt or repayment of any grant, subsidy or financial assistance from any government department or other body. 

55 

9.3  There are no actual or contingent liabilities of the Company of any nature whatsoever except: 

(a)  as disclosed in the Management Accounts; or 

(b)  as incurred in the ordinary and usual course of business since the date of the Management Accounts, all of which do not exceed EUR 50,000 in aggregate. 

9.4  There are no credit cards registered to the name of the Company and no BACS facilities subsisting as at the Completion Date. 

10.    Insurance 

(a)  In relation to each insurance policy taken out by any Group Company, the following applies: 

(i)  the insurance policy is in full force and effect; 

(ii)  all premiums payable in the past three (3) years have been duly paid; and 

(iii)  as far as the Seller is aware, there has been no act or omission that could make any insurance policy void or voidable. 

(b)  No Group Company has been refused insurance during the past three (3) years. 

(c)  The insurances of the Group Disclosed in the documents   referred to   in the Disclosure Letter give cover against business interruption and other risks that are normally insured by companies carrying on similar business activities or owning assets of a similar nature, including product liability. 

10.2    N  o insurance claim in excess of EUR 50,000 is currently pending. As far as the Seller is aware, no specific circumstances exist which could give rise to an insurance claim. 

11.    Litigation 

11.1  Except as plaintiff in the collection of debts (not exceeding EUR   100,000   in the aggregate) arising in the ordinary course of trading, neither the Company (nor in relation to the Company s affairs) nor any Director, officer or employee of the Company is now   or has been during the last three (3) years   engaged in any Litigation (including litigation, arbitration or any hearing before any tribunal or official body), nor are any such proceedings pending or threatened  .   

11.2    Matters giving rise to litigation  

There is no matter or fact in existence which might give rise to any Litigation involving the Company, including any which might form the basis of any criminal prosecution against it. 

56 

11.3    Injunctions, etc. 

No injunction or order for specific performance has been granted against the Company which has not been discharged or fully complied with or is otherwise no longer in force. 

11.4    Orders and judgments 

The Company is not subject to any order or judgment given by any court, tribunal or governmental agency which is still in force, or has given any undertaking to any court or tribunal or to any third party arising out of any Litigation. 

12.    Permits and applicable legislation 

12.1    Permits and authorisations 

The Company has all necessary Permits, licences, consents and authorities (public and private) for the proper and effective carrying on of the Business in the manner in which the Business is now carried on and all such licences, permits, consents and authorities are valid and subsisting and the Seller knows of no reason why any of them should be suspended, cancelled or revoked whether in connection with the sale to the Purchaser or otherwise and there are no factors that might in any way prejudice the continuance or renewal of any of those licences, permits, consents or authorities and the Company is not restricted by Contract from carrying on any activity in any part of the world. 

12.2  No event has occurred as a result of which any of the Permits may be withdrawn or negatively affected. There is no reason to expect any withdrawal or negative change in respect of any of the Permits. 

12.3  The Business of the Company is carried on in compliance with all conditions of the Permits and there are no circumstances or events which prevent full compliance with the conditions of any of the Permits. 

12.4  The Business of the Company is not restricted by any zoning plan (  bestemmingsplan  ), regulation or condition applicable to any Permit, nor is such restriction expected to occur. 

12.5    Data protection and Privacy 

(a)  The Disclosure Letter identifies the security policies that have been adopted and maintained with respect to Personal Information maintained by each Group Company.   

(b)  The Personal Information maintained by or on behalf of each Group Company is protected against loss, damage, and unauthorised access, use, modification, or disclosure, or other misuse, and no person (including any Authority) has made any claim or commenced any action with respect to loss, damage, or unauthorised access, use, modification, or disclosure, or other misuse of any such information.   

(c)  Each Group Company has at all times made all disclosures to, and obtained any necessary consents from, users, customers, employees, contractors, and other  

57 

applicable Laws relating to data protection and privacy in each jurisdiction in which the relevant Group Company operates. 

(d)  Each Group Company is in compliance with, and there are no circumstances likely to give rise to breach of: (i) all applicable laws relating to data protection and privacy in each jurisdiction in which the relevant Group Company operates; and (ii) all contractual commitments that it has entered into with respect to Personal Information. 

(e)  Each Group Company s privacy policy is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to data protection. 

(f)  Each Group Company has at all times: (i) filed any required registrations, or applied for such registrations, with the applicable data protection Authority, and (ii) all due and requisite fees in respect of such registrations have been paid. 

(g)  There are no outstanding information, enforcement, deregistration or transfer prohibition notices or any other nature of notice or audit request under any Data Protection Laws in any jurisdiction currently outstanding against any Group Company, or any outstanding appeal against such notices nor are there any circumstances which may give rise to the giving of any such notices. 

(h)  There are no unsatisfied requests to any Group Company made by data subjects in respect of personal data held by a Group Company, nor any outstanding applications for rectification or erasure of personal data. 

12.6    There are no outstanding claims for compensation for inaccuracy, loss or unauthorised disclosure of personal data nor so far as the Seller is aware is any personal data held by a Group Company inaccurate, nor has a Group Company lost or made any unauthorised disclosure of any such data. 

13.    Real estate and environment 

(a)  The Disclosure Letter sets out a true and complete list of (i) the real property (  onroerende zaken  ) that is leased by any of the Group Companies and (ii) the real property with respect to which any of the Group Companies has an option or contractual obligation to purchase or lease (collectively, the    Properties    as set out in more detail in Schedule 2). 

(b)  No Group Company is the owner of any real property. 

(c)  All lease agreements relating to any of the Locations leased by any Group Company comply with all applicable Laws, are in full force and effect, and no Group Company is in breach of any material obligations under any relevant agreement. Each Group Company has at all times duly paid the rent payable in relation to the Locations leased. 

(d)  There is no outstanding written notice, order, dispute or proceeding regarding any Location leased or used by any Group Company and, as far as the Seller is aware, there is no fact, circumstance or matter which is likely to give rise to any such notice, order, dispute or proceeding. 

58 

(e)  No Group Company is under any obligation to carry out material improvements, repairs or reinstatements during or at the end of the term of any lease agreement of all or part of any Locations leased by the Group Companies, nor has any Group Company received any order or instruction with respect to any such improvements, repairs or reinstatements. 

(f)  No Group Company has made renovations or alterations in excess of EUR 50,000 of any of the Locations other than on the basis of and in accordance with the prior consent, or the secured retrospective consent, of the relevant landlord. 

(g)  As far as the Seller is aware, there is no item of expenditure already incurred by the landlord of any Location or expected to be incurred within the next twelve (12) months which is recoverable in whole or in part from any Group Company. 

(h)  Each Group Company has fully and timely complied with all material applicable environmental Laws and zoning plans and Laws. 

(i)  As far as the Seller is aware, the real estate used by the Group Companies is not polluted and/or contaminated with any hazardous substances (as such terms are defined in applicable environmental Law) to the extent that any immediate remediation obligations exist assuming the continuation of the Business as undertaken as at the date of signing of this Agreement and no construction work requiring any excavation is undertaken with respect to the premises used by the Group. 

(j)  There have not been any complaints against any Group Company about noise, smells, pollution, or other inconveniences caused by any Group Company.  

(k)  No Authority has given any directive, order or notice to the Group Companies that imposes an obligation on the Group Companies to make any improvements and/or repairs of the Locations. 

(l)  No Group Company has received any written claim from any Authority in connection with: 

(i)  any (possible) pollution of the Locations leased; or  

(ii)  non-compliance with environmental Law at the Locations and facilities used by the Group Companies. 

14.    Trading 

14.1    Tenders, etc 

No offer, tender or the like is outstanding which is capable of being converted into an obligation of the Company by an acceptance or other act of some other person. 

14.2    Delegation of powers 

There are in force no powers of attorney given by the Company other than to the holder of an Encumbrance (which has been Disclosed) solely to facilitate its enforcement nor  

59 

any other authority (express, implied or ostensible) given by the Company to any person to enter into any Contract or commitment or do anything on its behalf other than any authority of employees to enter into routine trading Contracts in the normal course of their duties. 

14.3    Consequence of acquisition of Sale Shares by Purchaser 

Neither the sale of the Sale Shares under this Agreement nor any change in the management of the Company will:  

(a)  to the best of the Seller's knowledge, cause the Company to lose the benefit of any right or privilege it presently enjoys or cause any person who normally does business with the Company not to continue to do so on the same basis as previously; 

(b)  relieve any person of any obligation to the Company (whether contractual or otherwise) or legally entitle any person to determine or terminate any such obligation or any right or benefit enjoyed by the Company or to exercise any right, whether under an agreement with, or otherwise in respect of, the Company;  

(c)  conflict with, or result in the breach of, or constitute a default on the part of the Company or the Seller under (i) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract or instrument to which it is now a party; or any loan to or mortgage created by it; or (ii) its constitutional documents; 

(d)  result in any present or future indebtedness of the Company becoming due and payable or capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity;  

(e)  result in the acceleration of any benefit under or result in any payment owing to a third party under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract or instrument to which it is now a party; or any loan to or mortgage created by it; 

(f)  cause any Director, officer or senior employee of the Company to leave employment (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement); or 

(g)  conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any law, regulation, order, decree, claim form or application notice applicable to the Company or the Seller or any of them; or  

(h)  entitle any person to receive from the Company any finder s fee, brokerage or other commission. 

14.4    Product regulatory requirements 

During the last three (3) years, no Group Company has: 

(a)  claims for having designed, manufactured, placed on the market, installed, supplied or put into service any Product which was at the material times not fully compliant: 

60 

(i)  the requirements of all applicable Laws of any territory in which such Product has been placed on the market or put into service; 

(ii)  the terms of any applicable recognised national or international product standards; or 

(iii)  any   applicable   representation or warranty (whether express or implied) given in respect of such Product; or 

(b)  had knowledge of or received any notice, claim, governmental enforcement action or other communication from any person alleging any defect in any Product or any contravention of any applicable law or standard relating to the Products.  

14.5    Guarantees and warranties 

Except for warranties or guarantees (i) implied by law,  or (ii) set out in the Group s standard conditions of sale which have been Disclosed, or (iii) otherwise given in the usual course of business and which is not unusual in comparison to the warranties or guarantees given to similar customers, either in its nature or duration, each outstanding: 

(a)  guarantee, warranty and/or representation given or made in respect of Company Product sold or contracted to be sold by the Company; and 

(b)  liability or obligation to service, maintain, repair, take back or otherwise do or not do anything in respect of any Company Product that would apply after any such article or stock has been delivered by the Company, 

has been Disclosed. 

14.6    Export Control 

No Group Company is, or has been, in breach of any Export Control Laws. 

14.7    State aid 

The Company is not or has not been in receipt of any payment, guarantee, financial assistance or other aid from a government or other state body which was not, but should have been, notified to the European Commission under Article 88 of the EC Treaty for a decision declaring such aid to be compatible with the common market. 

14.8    Restrictions on trading 

The Company is not or has not been a party to any Contract or practice restricting its freedom to provide and take goods and services by such means and from and to such persons and into or from such place as it may from time to time think fit.  

14.9    Possession of records 

In the case of the Company: 

61 

(a)  all title deeds and agreements to which it is a party and all other documents owned by it or which ought to be in its possession or held unconditionally to its order are in its possession or so held; and    

(b)  subject to customary or ordinary course software licenses, none of its records, systems, controls, data or information is recorded, stored, maintained, operated or otherwise wholly or partly dependent on or held by any means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process, whether computerised or not) which (including all means of access to and from them) are not under the exclusive ownership and direct control of the Company. 

14.10    Business names 

The Company does not use on its letterhead, books or vehicles or otherwise carries on its Business under any name other than (part of) its corporate name. 

14.11    Unlawful acts 

Neither the Company nor any of its officers has been prosecuted for any criminal, illegal or unlawful act connected with the Company. 

14.12    Violations and Litigation  

(a)  There has been no violation by the Company of any Law or regulation as a result of which the financial or commercial position of the Company post Completion could be materially adversely affected. 

(b)  To the best of the Seller's knowledge, the Company is not party to any agreement, and does not take part in any concerted practice, is not bound by any decision of an association of undertakings which contravenes the Competition Act (  Mededingingswet  ) or the competition laws of any other country or the European Community. 

(c)  The Company has with respect to its activities not received notice, summons or an official request of any kind from, or is not under any obligation to notify, the Netherlands Competition Authority, the European Commission or any Authority in any other country competent in competition matters. 

(d)  The Company is not engaged in, subject to or affected by any criminal, civil or administrative proceedings or investigation, nor are there any such proceedings or investigations threatened against any of the Companies. 

(e)    To the best of the Seller's knowledge, prior to the Completion the Company has not put into circulation any product which   could reasonably   be expected to give rise to liability (  produktaansprakelijkheid  ) for the Company. 

14.13    Bribery Act  

To the best of the Seller s knowledge: 

62 

(a)  neither the Company, nor any of its UK Subsidiaries (or agents of the UK Subsidiaries) nor any of their officers or employees, has at any time, or is presently or has not agreed to become, engaged in any conduct (including by way of acquiescence or failure to perform) that would constitute an offence under the BA 2010 or would have done so if the BA 2010 had been in force at the relevant time. 

(b)  the Company and its UK Subsidiaries have at all relevant times had in place adequate procedures designed to prevent persons associated with it within the meaning of section 8 of the BA 2010 from undertaking any conduct that would constitute an offence by the Company under section 7 of the BA 2010 (or would have done so if the BA 2010 had been in force at the relevant time), all such procedures have been Disclosed and no such person has at any time, or is presently or has agreed to become, engaged in such conduct. 

(c)  The Company, the UK Subsidiaries, no person so associated with them nor any of their officers, employees or agents of the UK Subsidiaries who are not so associated with them is not or has not been the subject of any actual or threatened investigation, or has been charged, in connection with any offence or alleged offence under the BA 2010 or any behaviour that would have been such an offence had the Act been in force at the relevant time, and there are no circumstances likely to give rise to any such investigation or charge. 

14.14    Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

To the best of the Seller s knowledge: 

(a)  the Company has not, nor has any Subsidiary, manager, Director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of or in the name of the Company or a Subsidiary: (i) offered or used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to any political campaign or activity; (ii) offered or made a direct or indirect unlawful payment or conveyance of something of value to any foreign or domestic government official, employee or political candidate or established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds; (iii) violated any provision of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the    FCPA   ) or any Law equivalent to the FCPA or concerning such unlawful payments or gifts in any jurisdiction; (iv) offered or given any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or gift of money or anything of value to any foreign or domestic government official or employee of any Authority; (v) received any unlawful discounts or rebates in violation of any Law relating to antitrust or competition; or (vi) breached or waived any code of ethics or similar foreign, federal or state policy regarding business conduct. 

(b)  the Company, Subsidiaries nor any manager, Director, officer, agent, distributor, employee or other person acting on behalf of or in the name of the Company or any Subsidiary: (i) is not, or is not owned or controlled by, a person subject to the sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury  or included on any list of restricted entities, persons or organisations published by the government of the United States of  

63 

America including the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, Denied Persons List, Entities List, Debarred Parties List, Excluded Parties List and Terrorism Exclusion List, or any similar Law (any such person, a    Restricted Party   ) or (ii) has not engaged in any unlicensed transaction with any Restricted Party or has otherwise been in breach of any such sanctions, export controls, restrictions or any similar foreign, federal or state Law. 

15.    Contracts 

15.1 

(a)  T  here are no Contracts which: 

(i)  other than Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts or Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts, are incapable of complete performance in accordance with its terms within three months after the date on which it was entered into or undertaken;  

(ii)  are likely to result in a loss to any Group Company on completion of performance; 

(iii)  cannot readily be fulfilled or performed by the relevant Group Company on time and without undue or unusual expenditure of money and effort;  

(iv)  involve or are likely to involve obligations, restrictions, expenditure or receipts of an unusual, onerous or exceptional nature and not in the ordinary course of business;  

(v)  require an aggregate consideration payable by any Group Company in excess of EUR 50,000 except in the ordinary and proper course; 

(vi)  are a contract for services (other than Contracts for the supply of electricity or normal office or business services and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, agency, distributor and license Contracts); 

(vii)  require any Group Company to pay any commission, finder s fee, royalty or the like, which fee will remain outstanding as at Completion other than in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii)  are in any way otherwise than in the ordinary and proper course of the Group Company s Business or would in any respect reasonably be regarded as onerous or material by an intending purchaser of the Sale Shares; or 

(ix)  are a Contract that includes any grant by any Group Company to any person of any express license, right or covenant not to sue with respect to any Patents. 

(b)    Each of the following   Contracts has been Disclosed: 

64 

(i)  distributor, reseller, sales representative, marketing, merchandising or advertising Contract; or 

(ii)  Contract that grants to any person other than a Group Company any (i) exclusive license, supply, distribution or other rights, (ii)  most favoured nation  rights, (iii) rights of first refusal, rights of first negotiation or similar rights, (iv) rights to prevent a Group Company competing or entering any type of business or undertaking, or (v) exclusive rights to purchase any of the Group Company s products or services. 

15.2    Performance of Contracts 

(a)  In relation to each Group Company: 

(i)    during the past three (3) years   it has received no notification that it is in breach of any of the terms of its Contracts   with a value exceeding EUR 25,000 in relation to any individual Contract, or EUR 250,000 in aggregate in relation to all Contracts (for the avoidance of doubt, across all Group Companies)  ,   which have not been settled in full  ;   

(ii)  the other parties to the Contracts have complied with their terms in all material respects;  

(iii)  the terms of all its Contracts have been complied with by it and by the other parties to the Contracts in all   material   respects and there are no circumstances likely to give rise to a default by it or, so far as the Seller is aware, by any other party under any Contract;  

(iv)  there are no outstanding claims,   exceeding EUR 25,000 individually or in relation to a series of relation claims, or EUR 100,000 in the aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt, across all Group Companies)  ,    and which are not reflected in the Management Accounts,   on the part of customers or other persons in respect of defects in quality or delays in delivery or completion of Contracts or deficiencies of design or performance or otherwise relating to liability for goods or services sold or supplied by it and the Company has received no notification that any such claims are threatened or anticipated and there is  , to the best of the Seller's knowledge,   no matter or fact in existence in relation to goods or services currently sold or supplied by it which might give rise to any such claim beyond the regular scope of business and/or the normal returns and claims policies; 

(v)  it has no knowledge of the invalidity of or grounds for rescission, avoidance or repudiation of any agreement or other transaction to which it is a party or in relation to which it otherwise purports to have enforceable rights and it has received no notice of any intention to terminate, repudiate or disclaim any such agreement or other transaction; and 

65 

(b)  to the best of the Seller's knowledge, there are no actual or purported Contracts which are material to its Business and under which it purports to have enforceable rights by virtue only of third party beneficiary provisions (  derdenbedingen  ). 

16.    Employees  

16.1    Particulars of employees 

The documents referred to in the Disclosure Letter include a schedule of the material obligations of the Company towards its Directors, officers and Employees as regards all remuneration payable and other benefits provided or which the Company is bound to provide (whether now or in the future) to each such person and include full particulars of all remuneration arrangements (particularly profit sharing, incentive, bonus and severance arrangements to which the Company is a party, whether legally binding or not) and the length of notice required to terminate each contract, other than the statutory arrangement laid down in applicable law. Every Director, officer and Employee of the Company who works in the United Kingdom or the United States and requires permission to work in the United Kingdom or the United States, as the case may be, has current and appropriate permission to do so.  No material offer of employment or engagement has been made by the Company which has not yet been accepted, or no such offer has been made and accepted but the employment or engagement has not yet started.  

16.2    Contracts of employment 

There is no contract of employment or worker s contract in force between the Company and any of its Directors, officers, employees or workers which is not terminable by the Company without compensation (other than any compensation payable under Parts X and XI ERA) on three months  notice or less given at any time.  There are no consultancy, independent contractor, agency, secondment or management services agreements in existence between the Company and any other person, firm or company, and there are no agreements or other arrangements (binding or otherwise) between the Company (or any employers  or trade association of which the Company is a shareholder) and any trade union or works council, staff association or other body representing employees or workers or a substantial body of them.  There  are no unionising activities by or with and no outstanding pay negotiations with any employees, workers or trade unions, works councils or any other body representing employees.  All current and former employees in the United States are and have been employed on an at-will basis and each is and has been properly classified as exempt or non-exempt, as the case may be, under the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable law.  Each current and former employee, independent contractor, consultant, or other service provider in the United States is and always has been properly classified as an employee or independent contractor, as the case may be, under applicable law. 

16.3    Benefits 

16.4  T  here are no amounts owing to present or former directors, officers, employees or workers of the Company other than salary and expenses for the current pay period and no moneys or benefits other than in respect of remuneration or emoluments of  

66 

employment are payable to or for the benefit of any present or former director, officer, employee or worker of the Company, nor any dependant of any present or former director, officer, employee or worker of the Company.   There are no bonus, profit sharing, savings, redundancy or exit arrangements, share option or stock appreciation rights schemes or share repurchase schemes or any similar arrangements in existence for the account of the Company and for the benefit of any of the Employees or its former employees or Directors. 

To the best of the Seller's knowledge: 

(a)  the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or in combination with another event entitle any Employee to any severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other payment or benefit or increase the amount of compensation due to any such Employee. 

(b)  each US employment agreement, US Benefit Plan, or other US contract, plan, program, agreement, or arrangement that is a  nonqualified deferred compensation plan  (within the meaning of Section 409A(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code) has been at all times in compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Internal Revenue Code regulations thereunder, and any administrative guidance relating thereto; and no additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code has been or is reasonably expected to be incurred by a participant in any such Company Plan, employment agreement, or other contract, plan, program, agreement, or arrangement. To the best of the Seller's knowledge, the Company is not obligated to make, or will as a result of any event connected directly or indirectly with any transaction contemplated herein become obligated to make, any  excess parachute payment  as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to Subsection (b)(4) thereof).  The Company is not a party to, or otherwise obligated under, any US contract, agreement, plan or arrangement that provides for the gross-up of taxes imposed by Section 409A(a)(1)(B) or Section 4999 of the Code. 

16.5    Liabilities and payments 

Except to the extent (if any) to which provision or allowance has been made in the Accounts or follows from the Agreement: 

(a)  no liability has been incurred or is anticipated outside of the ordinary course of business by the Company for breach of any contract of employment or worker s contract or contract for services or for severance payments or for redundancy payments or protective awards or for compensation for unfair dismissal or wrongful discharge or for failure to comply with any order for the reinstatement or re-engagement of any claim of discrimination or for any other liability (statutory, contractual or otherwise) accruing from the termination or variation of any contract of employment or for services or any worker s contract; 

(b)  no gratuitous payment has been made or promised by the Company in connection with the actual or proposed termination, suspension or variation of any contract of employment, worker s contract or contract for services of any  

67 

present or former director, officer, employee or worker or any dependant of any present or former director, officer, employee or worker of the Company;  

(c)  no payment is owed or has been promised by the Company to any former consultant or independent contractor of the Company in connection with the services formerly provided by such contractor or consultant to the Company, other than in the normal course of business; 

(d)  the Company has neither made or agreed to make any payment to, or provided or agreed to provide nor entered into any discussions or negotiations to provide any benefit or change in terms and conditions of employment for, any of its present or former directors, officers, employees or workers in connection with the sale and purchase contemplated by this Agreement. 

16.6    Relevant Legislation 

(a)  The Company has complied with all obligations imposed on it by all relevant statutes, regulations and codes of conduct and practice having the force of Law relating to its Directors, officers, employees and workers and (so far as relevant) former directors, officers, employees and workers and has to the extent required by Law maintained current and adequate records regarding the service, terms and conditions of employment of each of its employees and workers. 

(b)  The Company has at all times in all material respects complied with the labour laws applicable to it, including but not limited to the   Arbeidsomstandighedenwet   and the   Wet op de ondernemingsraden   and any implementing regulations.  There are no agreements with any works council or other representative body of employees or with any of the Employees with respect to their collective representation. 

(c)  Each UK Subsidiary has complied with the Immigration Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 and other relevant UK legislation as well as any regulations, codes of practice or guidance regarding the reporting of labour movement, the employment of foreign workers and its sponsorship license. 

16.7    Termination of employment 

No present Director, officer, employee or worker of the Company has given or received notice terminating his employment or engagement except as expressly contemplated under this Agreement and no notice to terminate such employment or engagement is threatened or contemplated. Except as follows from the Agreement, Completion of this Agreement will not entitle any such Director, officer, employee or worker to terminate his employment or engagement or contract or trigger any entitlement to a severance payment or liquidated damages or to any other payment or benefit. 

16.8    Share and other schemes 

The Company does not have in existence nor is it proposing to introduce, and none of its Directors, officers, employees or workers participates in (whether or not established by the Company), any employee share option plan, employee share trust, share incentive scheme, share option scheme or profit sharing scheme for the benefit of all or  

68 

any of its present or former directors, officers, employees or workers or the dependants of any of such persons or any scheme under which any of its present or former directors, officers, employees or workers is entitled to a commission or remuneration of any other sort calculated by reference to the whole or part of the turnover, profits or sales of the Company or any other person, firm or company including any profit related pay scheme. 

16.9    Disputes and claims 

Neither the Company nor any of its former or present directors, officers, employees or workers is involved in any employment or industrial dispute, no dispute exists or can reasonably be anticipated between the Company and any of its Directors, officers, employees or workers or any trade union, works council or staff association or other body representing directors, officers, employees or workers or a substantial number of them and there are no material wage or other claims outstanding against the Company by any person who is now or has been a director, officer, employee or worker of the Company. 

16.10    Transfer of undertakings 

The Company has not:  

(a)  been a party to any relevant transfer as defined in TUPE; or 

(b)  failed to comply with any duty to inform and consult any Trade Union or employees  or workers  representatives under TUPE,  

within the period of three (3) years preceding the date of this Agreement. 

16.11    Agreements with Trade Unions 

The Company is not a party to any agreement or arrangement with or commitment to any Trade Unions or staff association nor are, to the best of the Seller's knowledge, any of its employees members of any trades union or staff association and no application for collective bargaining recognition by a Trade Union is pending in relation to the Company under Schedule A1 of TULRCA. 

16.12    CLA 

The   Company is not bound by any collective labour agreement.  

17.    Pension Schemes 

The Company is not nor has it been a party to any agreement or arrangement for the provision of pensions, allowances, lump sums or other like benefits on retirement, death or long term ill health for the benefit of any current or former employee of the Company or their dependants nor has the Company provided or promised to provide any ex-gratia pensions, lump sums or like benefits for any current or former employees of the Company or dependants thereof.  In particular, there is no obligation to pay contributions to any personal pension scheme in respect of any employee. 

69 

(a)  The Pension Schemes of the Company are Disclosed. The Pension Schemes apply to all Employees or former employees and Directors and the Company is not party to any Pension Schemes relating to any of the Employees, including pension insurance or excess (excedent) insurance, other than the Pension Schemes. 

(b)  All premiums that have fallen due in respect of the Pension Schemes have been paid when due or are adequately provided for. The Company does not have any obligation with respect to Pension Schemes, whether or not conditional or contingent, including but not limited to back-service obligations, which are not fully funded or adequately provided for. 

(c)    Each US Pension Plan is identified   in the Disclosure Letter  . The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or in combination with another event, accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any benefit due to any Employee. 

(d)  All contributions due to and in respect of any US Pension Plan have been duly paid.  

(e)  Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to any multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(13) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code) (a  Multiemployer Plan ); or incurred any liability in connection with the termination of a pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, the complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, or the failure to make contributions due under Section 412 of the Code or premiums due to the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA.   

(f)  Each US Pension Plan and US Benefit Plan has been designed to comply with, and has been materially administered in accordance with, all applicable legal and administrative requirements and in compliance with its governing documents. The Company has complied in all material respects with its obligations under and in respect of the US Pension Plans. 

(g)  No claims or complaints have been made or are pending or threatened in relation to the US Pension Plans or US Benefit Plans or otherwise (except with respect to the ordinary payment of benefits) in relation to any of the Employees; there are no audits, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by any Authority with respect to any US Pension Plan or US Benefit Plan. There are, to the best of the Seller's best knowledge, no facts or circumstances likely to give rise to such claims, complaints, audits, inquiries or proceedings. 

18.    Intellectual Property 

18.1    Interpretation 

In this Agreement: 

Company Intellectual Property    means any and all Intellectual Property that is or has been owned, used, held for use, or practiced by any Group Company, or is necessary  

70 

for the conduct of the Business of any Group Company, including, without limitation, the Trademarks and Domain Names identified in Schedule 3; 

Company Intellectual Property Registrations    means all of the registrations for Intellectual Property owned by or under obligation of assignment to or applications filed in the name of every Group Company or otherwise pertaining to any Company Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, the Trademarks and Domain Name Registrations identified in Schedule 3; 

Company Technology    means any and all Technology that is or has been owned, used, held for use, or practiced by any Group Company, or is necessary for the conduct of the Business of any Group Company; 

Confidential Information    means all non-public information constituting or relating to Intellectual Property, Technology, product development, price, customer and supplier lists, pricing and marketing plans, policies and strategies, details of client and consultant Contracts, operations methods, product development techniques, business acquisition plans or new personnel acquisition plans and all other confidential or proprietary information with respect to a party and its customers and vendors. Confidential Information of a person includes all of that person s Trade Secrets; 

Copyrights    means copyrights and all other rights with respect to Works of Authorship and all registrations thereof and applications therefor (including moral and economic rights, however denominated); 

Databases    means databases and other compilations and collections of data or information; 

Domain Names    means Internet domain names and numbers, social media websites and applications; 

Intellectual Property    means any and all rights (anywhere in the world, whether statutory, common law or otherwise) relating to, arising from, or associated with Technology, including: 

(A)  Patents; 

(B)  Copyrights; 

(C)  other rights with respect to Software, including registrations thereof and applications therefor; 

(D)  industrial design rights and registrations thereof and applications therefor; 

(E)  rights with respect to Trade Marks, and all registrations thereof and applications therefor; 

(F)  rights with respect to Domain Names, including registrations thereof and applications therefor; 

71 

(G)  rights with respect to Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, including rights to limit the use or disclosure thereof by any person; 

(H)  rights with respect to Databases, including registrations thereof and applications therefor; 

(I)  social media websites, social media handles and hashtags and any name or mark under which any Group Company conducts or participates in any social media activities; 

(J)  publicity and privacy rights, including all rights with respect to use of a person s name, signature, likeness, image, photograph, voice, identity, personality, and biographical and personal information and materials;  

(K)   any priority rights relating to any of the foregoing; and 

(L)   any rights equivalent or similar to any of the foregoing.  Without limiting the foregoing, this includes rights to derivatives, improvements, modifications, enhancements, revisions, and releases to any of the foregoing, claims and causes of action arising out of or related to infringement, misappropriation or violation of any of the foregoing and other proprietary or intellectual property rights now known or hereafter recognised in any jurisdiction; 

Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.11(A); 

Institutions    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.6(A); 

Intellectual Property Contracts    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.13; 

Invention Assignment Agreements    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.5(A)(3);  

Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.12(A); 

Owned Company Intellectual Property    means any Company Intellectual Property other than Company Intellectual Property that is non-exclusively licensed to the Company;  

Owned Company Technology    means Company Technology other than Company Technology that is non-exclusively licensed to the Company; 

Order    means any order, injunction, judgment, decree, ruling, writ, assessment or other similar requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by any Authority; 

Patents    means any domestic or foreign patents, utility models, industrial design rights and applications, disclosures and drafts relating thereto (and any patents or utility models that issue as a result of such applications) and any reissues, certificates of re-examination, inter partes and post grant proceedings, divisions, divisionals, continuations, continuation-in-parts, provisionals, renewals, extensions, substitutions,  

72 

reexaminations, or invention registrations related to such patents, utility models and applications; 

Software    means all: 

(A)  computer programmes and other software, including firmware and microcode, and including software implementations of algorithms, models, and methodologies, whether in source code, object code or other form, including libraries, frameworks, software development kits and tools, application programming interfaces, subroutines and other components thereof;  

(B)  computerised Databases and other computerised compilations and collections of data or information, including all data and information included in such Databases, compilations or collections;  

(C)  screens, user interfaces, command structures, report formats, templates, menus, buttons and icons related to any of the foregoing;  

(D)  descriptions, flow-charts, architectures, development tools, and other materials used to design, plan, organise and develop any of the foregoing; and  

(E)  all documentation, including development, diagnostic, support, user and training documentation related to any of the foregoing; 

Standards Organisations    has the meaning given in paragraph 18.17(A);   

Technology    means any and all:  

(A)  technology, formulae, algorithms, procedures, processes, methods, techniques, systems, know-how, ideas, creations, inventions, discoveries, and improvements (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice); 

(B)  technical, engineering, manufacturing, product, marketing, servicing, financial, supplier, personnel, and other information, research, and materials; 

(C)  specifications, designs, models, devices, prototypes, schematics, manuals and development tools; 

(D)  Software, content, and other Works of Authorship; 

(E)  Databases; 

(F)   Trade Marks; 

(G)  Domain Names; 

(H)  Trade Secrets; and  

(I)  tangible embodiments of any of the foregoing, in any form or media whether or not specifically listed in this definition; 

73 

Trade Marks    means unregistered and registered trade marks and service marks, trade mark and service mark applications, common law trade marks and service marks, trade dress, get-up, symbols, logos, trade names, business names, corporate names, product names and other source or business identifiers, priority rights relating to any of the foregoing and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing and any renewals and extensions of any of the foregoing; 

Trade Secrets    means confidential and proprietary information, whether oral or written, including ideas, designs, concepts, compilations of information, methods, techniques, procedures, processes and other know-how, whether or not patentable, of any nature in any form, including all writings, memoranda, copies, reports, papers, surveys, analyses, drawings, letters, computer printouts, computer programmes, computer applications, specifications, business methods, business processes, business techniques, business plans, data (including customer data), graphs, charts, sound recordings and/or pictorial reproductions, that both derive independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and are the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain their secrecy; and 

Works of Authorship    means Software, register-transfer level and gate-level descriptions, netlists, documentation, scripts, verification components, test suites, websites, content, images, graphics, text, photographs, artwork, audiovisual works, sound recordings, graphs, drawings, reports, analyses, writings, and other works of authorship and copyrightable subject matter. 

18.2    Registered Intellectual Property held by the Company 

Schedule 3 sets forth an accurate and complete list of all Company Intellectual Property Registrations (including the owner(s) of record thereof), and: 

(a)  for each Trade Mark, the application serial number or registration number, by country, province and state, and the class of goods or services covered, the nature of the goods or services, the date issued and filed and the present status thereof; 

(b)  for each Domain Name, the expiration date, the registrant's name, address and contact details;  

(c)  for each registered design, the registration number or application serial number for each jurisdiction in which filed, the date issued and filed and the present status thereof; 

(d)  for each registered Copyright, the number and date of such registration or Copyright application by country, province and state; 

(e)  all actual and threatened Litigation (including re-examination, reissue, inter partes, post grant and protest proceedings) before any court, tribunal or other Authority in any jurisdiction (including the United Kingdom or United States Patent and Trade Mark Offices or equivalent authority anywhere in the world) related to any Company Intellectual Property Registrations; and  

74 

(f)  any actions that must be taken within ninety (90) days after the date of this Agreement for the purposes of obtaining, maintaining, perfecting, preserving or renewing any Company Intellectual Property Registrations, including the payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal fees or the filing of documents, applications or certificates or any responses to office actions.   

18.3    Integrity of Registrations   General 

To the best of the Seller s knowledge:  

(a)  Each of the Company Intellectual Property Registrations is valid, enforceable and subsisting, all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal fees currently due in connection with such Company Intellectual Property Registrations have been made, and all necessary documents, materials, information and certificates in connection with such Company Intellectual Property Registrations have been filed with the relevant government authorities in the United Kingdom, the United States or other jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes of prosecuting, perfecting and maintaining such Company Intellectual Property Registrations.   

(b)  All applications for Company Intellectual Property Registrations have been prosecuted in material compliance with all applicable rules, policies and procedures of the relevant government authorities of the United Kingdom or other jurisdictions (as applicable) for prosecution of applications for issuance or registration of Intellectual Property.   

(c)  There are no materials, information, facts or circumstances, including any materials, information, facts or circumstances that would constitute prior art, that would render any of the Company Intellectual Property Registrations invalid or unenforceable or that would materially affect any pending application for any Company Intellectual Property Registrations.   

(d)  There is no Litigation, including interference, derivation, re-examination (including inter-partes review, ex-parte re-examination, inter-partes re-examination, post grant review or covered business method review), reissue, opposition, nullity, cancellation proceedings or protests, pending that relates to any of the Company Intellectual Property Registrations, and no such Litigation is threatened by any Authority or any other person. 

(e)  No issuance or registration obtained and no application filed by any Group Company has been cancelled, abandoned, allowed to lapse or not renewed, except where that Company has in its reasonable business judgment decided to cancel, abandon, allow to lapse or not renew such issuance, registration, or application.  

(f)  No Company Intellectual Property Registrations is subject to an invalidity challenge based upon lack of use. 

75 

18.4    Ownership 

(a)  Each Group Company owns, and has good and exclusive title to, all Owned Company Intellectual Property and Owned Company Technology (other than Owned Company Intellectual Property and Owned Company Technology that is exclusively licensed to Company), and all Company Intellectual Property Registrations, free and clear of any Encumbrance. 

(b)  No person other than a Group Company has any ownership interest in or exclusive rights to any Company Products, Company Intellectual Property Registrations, Owned Company Technology or any Owned Company Intellectual Property or any improvements made by or for the Company to any Company Products, Owned Company Technology or any Owned Company Intellectual Property. 

(c)  All Owned Company Intellectual Property is fully paid as far as amounts have fallen due.   

(d)    Except as provided for in the Agreement, n  o Group Company has: 

(i)  transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license or exclusive right under or with respect to, or authorised the retention of any exclusive right with respect to or joint ownership of, any Intellectual Property that is or was at any time owned or purported to be owned by the Company to any other person; or  

(ii)  permitted the Company s rights in any Owned Company Intellectual Property to lapse or enter the public domain, except where that Company has in its reasonable business judgment decided to cancel, abandon, allow to lapse or not renew such issuance, registration, or application.  

18.5    Intellectual Property Arising from Product and Technology Development 

(a)  Each Group Company has required each current and former employee, contractor and consultant of that Group Company who has contributed to the creation or development of any Company Products, Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology to sign a valid and enforceable agreement that includes: 

(i)  confidentiality obligations in favour of the Group Company; 

(ii)  an effective and valid assignment to the Group Company of all right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property created or developed by such person in the scope of such person s employment by or engagement with the Group Company (including the rights to transfer, license, amend and modify such Intellectual Property); and  

(iii)  a waiver of any and all moral rights (to the extent possible under applicable Law) such person may possess in such Intellectual Property (collectively, the    Invention Assignment Agreements   ). 

76 

(b)  Each Group Company has provided or made available to the Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of all Invention Assignment Agreements.   

(c)  To the extent any Intellectual Property covered by an Invention Assignment Agreement relates to Company Intellectual Property Registrations, and to the extent provided for by, and in accordance with, applicable Laws, each Group Company has recorded such Invention Assignment Agreements or other documents sufficient to evidence the assignment of such Intellectual Property to the Group Company, as applicable and appropriate, with the relevant Authority such that such Company Intellectual Property Registrations are in the name of the Group Company with no break in the chain of title. No current or former employee, contractor or consultant of a Group Company has ever excluded any Intellectual Property material to the business of the Company from any Invention Assignment Agreement executed by such person in connection with such person s employment by or engagement with any Group Company. 

(d)  Each Group Company has paid, in full, all mandatory compensation to employees, contractors and consultants in relation to all Company Intellectual Property and Company Technology, and neither this Agreement nor any transactions contemplated by this Agreement will result in any further amounts being payable to any current or former employees, contractors or consultants of any Group Company in relation to any Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology. 

18.6    Institutions Assisting Development 

(a)  No government, university, college, other educational institution, research centre or non-profit institution (collectively,    Institutions   ) provided or provides facilities, personnel or funding for the creation or development of any Owned Company Intellectual Property, Owned Company Technology or Company Product and/or has any rights for compensation thereof. 

(b)  No Institutions have any rights in or with respect to any Owned Company Intellectual Property, Owned Company Technology or Company Products or any Intellectual Property or Technology made by any current or former employee, contractor or consultant of the Company that relate in any manner to Owned Company Intellectual Property, Owned Company Technology or the Company Products.   

(c)  To the best of the Seller's knowledge, no current or former employee, contractor or consultant of any Group Company who was or is involved in, or who contributed or contributes to, the creation or development of any Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology has performed services for any Institution during a period of time during which such employee, contractor or consultant was also performing services for a Group Company. 

18.7    Exploitability 

(a)  All Owned Company Intellectual Property and Owned Company Technology is fully transferable, alienable, licensable and otherwise exploitable by the Group  

77 

Companies (or any of them) without restriction and without payment of any kind to any person. 

(b)  No Owned Company Intellectual Property, or any other Company Intellectual Property, is the subject of any legal proceeding or Order which restricts exploitation, transfer or licensing or affects validity, exploitability or enforceability.   

(c)  There is no Order or other governmental prohibition or restriction on the use, practice or exploitation of any Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology in any jurisdiction in which the Company currently conducts, has conducted or currently contemplates conducting business or on the export or import of any of the Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology from or to any jurisdiction. 

18.8    Sufficiency 

(a)  The Intellectual Property and Technology owned by or validly licensed (pursuant to an enforceable written Inbound Intellectual Property Contract) to the Group Companies constitutes all Intellectual Property and Technology necessary and has been up to and including the Completion Date, sufficient for each Group to conduct its Business as and where conducted during the one (1) year period prior to Completion (including the design, development, manufacture, having manufactured, use, import, export, sale, offering for sale, reproduction, display, performance, modification, licensing, disclosure, or other exploitation of Company Products).  

(b)  Each Group Company has a valid and enforceable licen  c  e or right to use, practi  s  e and exploit all Company Intellectual Property and all Company Technology in the manner in which and where the foregoing Intellectual Property and Technology has been used, practi  s  ed and exploited or is being used, practi  s  ed or exploited.  

18.9    Infringement by Company 

(a)  To the best of the Seller's knowledge, none of the operation of the Business of any Group Company (including the design, development, manufacture, having manufactured, use, import, export, sale, offering for sale, reproduction, display, performance, modification, licensing, disclosure, or other exploitation of Company Products) or the use, practice or exploitation of any Owned Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology: 

(i)  infringes or violates, has infringed or violated any Intellectual Property of any person; 

(ii)  constitutes or results from a misappropriation or misuse of, has constituted or resulted from a misappropriation or misuse of any Intellectual Property of any person; 

(iii)  otherwise violates or has violated any rights of any person (including any right to privacy); or 

78 

(iv)  constitutes or has constituted unfair competition or trade practices.   

(b)  No Group Company has received any notice from any person of any claim: 

(i)  alleging any infringement, misappropriation, misuse, violation or unfair competition or trade practices with respect to any Intellectual Property; 

(ii)  that a Group Company must license from any person or refrain from using any Intellectual Property or Technology; or 

(iii)  challenging the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or ownership by the Company of any of the Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology,  

and no such claim is threatened by any person in writing and no valid basis exists for any such claim.   

(c)  Without limiting the foregoing the Company has not received: 

(i)  any correspondence asking or inviting a Group Company to enter into   a Patent or other   Intellectual Property licen  c  e or similar agreement, to pay for or obtain a release for   Patent or other   Intellectual Property infringement, or otherwise to enter into other arrangements with respect to a   Patent or other   Intellectual Property of any other person relating to the Company Intellectual Property;  

(ii)  any notice or request from any person for indemnification with respect to any claim of infringement, misappropriation, misuse or violation of any Intellectual Property or Technology, which notice or request has not been finally resolved; or      

(iii)  any opinion of counsel regarding any allegation of infringement relating to the operation of the Business of any Group Company or any Company Products, Owned Company Technology or Owned Company Intellectual Property. 

18.10    Infringement of Company Intellectual Property 

(a)  No Group Company has made any claim against any person alleging any infringement, misappropriation, misuse, or violation of any Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology or any Intellectual Property exclusively licensed to the Company. 

(b)  To the best of the Seller's knowledge, no person has infringed, misappropriated, misused or violated, or is infringing, misappropriating, misusing, or violating, any Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology or any Intellectual Property exclusively licensed to any Group Company.   

79 

18.11    Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts 

(a)  Complete and accurate copies of all Contracts pursuant to which any person has licensed any Intellectual Property to any Group Company or granted to any Group Company any immunity, authorization, covenant not to sue or other right with respect to any Intellectual Property (other than Software that is licensed on a non-exclusive basis under  shrink-wrap  or  click-through  contracts and is generally available on reasonable terms through commercial distributors or in consumer retail stores) (   Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts   ) are included in the Data Room.  

(b)  During the past three (3) years, no Group Company has been subjected to an audit of any kind in connection with any Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts or received any notice of any intent to conduct any such audit.   

18.12    Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts 

(a)  Complete and accurate copies of all Contracts to which any Group Company is a party with respect to Company Intellectual Property licensed by the Company to any person or pursuant to which the Company grants to any person any immunity, authorization, covenant not to sue or other right with respect to any Company Intellectual Property (   Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts   ) are included in the Data Room.   

(b)  None of the Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts cover or apply to any Intellectual Property of any person that is an Affiliate of the Company. 

(c)  No Company has made available any products, Software or Technology (and no Company has agreed to make available any Software or Technology) to any person other than pursuant to the Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts.   

18.13    Intellectual Property Contracts Generally 

(a)  The Inbound Intellectual Property Contracts, together with the Outbound Intellectual Property Contracts, are referred to as the    Intellectual Property Contracts   .   

(b)  Each Group Company has provided or made available to the Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of all     Intellectual Property Contracts.  

(c)  No Group Company has either received from or provided or granted to any person any Intellectual Property or rights in or to any Intellectual Property other than pursuant to the Intellectual Property Contracts.    

(d)  No Group Company has any obligation to compensate or account to any person for the use, practi  s  e or exploitation of any Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology. 

80 

18.14    Company Products 

(a)  Each Company Product conforms in all material respects to the specifications and documentation therefor and all applicable contractual commitments, express and implied warranties.  

(b)    N  o Company Products are the subject of any legal proceeding or Order which restricts their use, exploitation, transfer, licensing or export or import from or to any jurisdiction. 

(c)  No Group Company is aware or has been made aware to have any exposure as a result of having: 

(i)  designed, manufactured, placed on the market, installed, supplied or put into service any Company Product which was at the material times not fully compliant with: 

(1)  the requirements of all applicable Laws of any territory in which such Company Product has been placed on the market or put into service; 

(2)  the terms of any applicable recognised national or international product standards; or 

(3)  any representation or warranty (whether express or implied) given in respect of such Company Product; or 

(ii)  had knowledge of or received any written notice, claim, governmental enforcement action or other communication from any person alleging any material defect in any Company Product or any contravention of any applicable law or standard relating to the Company Products and as far as the Seller is aware, no other notice of any of the foregoing has been received by the Company. 

18.15    Software 

(a)  The Company and the Subsidiaries do not own and have not developed any software (   Company Software   ). 

(b)  There are no material errors or bugs in the Company Software which have been reported to any Group Company which has not been fixed. 

18.16    Protection of Confidential Information 

(a)  Each Group Company has taken reasonable efforts to protect and maintain the confidentiality of, and the rights of that Group Company in, Confidential Information.   

(b)  Without limiting the foregoing, each Group Company has required each current and former employee, contractor and consultant of the Company with access to Confidential Information to execute a written agreement that provides  

81 

reasonable protection for such Confidential Information and all current and former employees, contractors and consultants of each Group Company with access to such Confidential Information have executed such an agreement.   

(c)  All disclosures by any Group Company of any such Confidential Information have been made pursuant to a written agreement that provides reasonable protection for such Confidential Information.   

(d)  Each Group Company has taken such steps to protect the Confidential Information of any person provided to any Group Company as are required in accordance with all applicable obligations of confidentiality imposed on it by such person. 

18.17    Standards Organisations 

(a)  No Group Company has made, directly or indirectly, any commitments, promises, submissions, suggestions, statements or declarations to any standards-setting bodies, industry groups or other similar organisations (   Standards Organisations   ) (including any commitments, promises, submissions, suggestions, statements, or declarations that would obligate the Company to grant licenses to any person or otherwise impair or limit the Company s control of any Owned Company Intellectual Property). 

(b)  No Company Patent has been identified by any Group Company or any other person as essential to any Standards Organisation or any standard promulgated by any Standards Organisation. 

(c)  No Company Patent is essential to any Standards Organisation or any standard promulgated by any Standards Organisation. 

(d)  No Company Product implements or purports to implement a standard promulgated by any Standards Organisation.  

18.18    Effect of this Agreement 

(a)  Immediately following Completion, the Purchaser will be permitted to exercise all of the Group Companies  rights under all Intellectual Property Contracts, to the same extent the Group Companies would have been able to had the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not occurred and without being required to pay any additional amounts or consideration other than fees, royalties or payments that it would otherwise have been required to pay had such transactions not occurred. 

(b)  Neither this Agreement nor any transactions contemplated by this Agreement will: 

(i)  alter, impair or otherwise adversely affect any rights of any Group Company in any Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology; or 

(ii)  result in: 

82 

(1)  any person being granted rights or access to, or the placement in or release from escrow of, any Company Software source code or other Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology; 

(2)  the Company or any of its Affiliates granting, or being obliged to grant to any person any ownership interest in, or any license, immunity, authorization, covenant not to sue or other right under or with respect to, any of their Intellectual Property or Technology; or  

(3)  the Company or any of its Affiliates or any of their Intellectual Property being bound by, or subject to, any non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of their respective businesses or personnel. 

(c)  Except as follows from this Agreement, there is no Contract to which any Group Company is party which would, by reason of this Agreement or any transactions contemplated by this Agreement result in: 

(i)  the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates granting, or being obliged to grant to any person any ownership interest in, or any license, immunity, authorization, covenant not to sue or other right under or with respect to, any of their Intellectual Property or Technology; or  

(ii)  the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or any of their Intellectual Property being bound by, or subject to, any non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of their respective businesses or personnel. 

(d)  After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no current or former partner, Director, shareholder, officer, employee, contractor or consultant of the Company will own or retain any rights to use any of the Owned Company Intellectual Property or Owned Company Technology other than for commercial reasons at arms length.  

(e)  The information technology services, software, computer hardware, network and telecommunications equipment that are used by any Group Company in connection with the operation of the Business of any Group Company as currently conducted (the    Systems   ) are in good condition, have the benefit of the maintenance agreements   Disclosed   in the Data Room to ensure their continued operation and have been maintained in accordance with the manufacturer s instructions. In the twelve (12) months prior to the date of signing of this Agreement, there have been no failures, security breaches, malfunctions, data loss or breakdowns of part of the Systems, which have materially adversely affected the Business. 

(f)  The Group Companies own, or use pursuant to binding and valid license agreements, all Systems as at the date of signing of this Agreement required for the continuation of the Business of that Group Company as such business has been carried on during the year prior to the signing of this Agreement. All such  

83 

licenses are in full force and effect and have been complied with in all material respects.  

(g)  The Systems and the ability of the Group Companies to use all or any part of the Systems, including all relevant software licences, software and data, will not be affected by the Transaction. 

(h)  No changes or additions with an aggregate cost in excess of EUR 50,000 to the Systems are foreseen to be started within two (2) years after the signing of this Agreement for the continuance of the Business of the Group Companies in the ordinary course to the same extent as carried on in the period of two (2) years prior to the signing of this Agreement.  

(i)  There is no dispute or proceeding regarding any computer hardware or software, or other computer or communication systems used in the Business and, as far as the Seller is aware, there is no fact, circumstance or matter that is likely to give rise to any such dispute or proceeding. 

(j)  Each Group Company is the owner of all Owned Company Intellectual Property relating to the design (including interaction design) and layout of its websites, its mobile applications and other bespoke software used in the Systems. 

19.    Legal compliance 

(a)    T  he Group Companies have acted in compliance with all applicable Laws and are not conducting themselves in a way that, as far as the Seller is aware, violates any third party rights. 

(b)    T  he operations of each Group Company are, and have been, conducted in compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and all applicable financial record keeping and reporting requirements, rules, regulations and guidelines (collectively,    Money Laundering Laws   ) and no investigation, action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving any Group Company with respect to Money Laundering Laws is pending and, so far as the Seller is aware, no such actions, suits or proceedings are threatened or contemplated.    

20.    Information 

No information has been intentionally withheld that, to the Seller's best knowledge, would make any Disclosed information or Warranty materially untrue, inaccurate or misleading. 

84 

Schedule 7  :  Limitation of Seller s Liability 

1.    Interpretation 

In this Schedule where the context admits: 

Relevant Claim    means a claim under clause 9.1. 

2.    Financial limits 

2.1    Aggregate limit 

Subject to further limitations contained in this Agreement, the aggregate liability of the Seller in respect of this Agreement shall be limited to an amount equal to the Price as finally determined in accordance with clause 3.1 and Schedule 8 of this Agreement. 

The aggregate liability of the Seller in respect of Relevant Claims shall be limited to an amount equal to EUR 22,500,000. 

2.2    Thresholds  

The Seller shall not be liable in respect of a Relevant Claim unless   the liability of the Seller in respect of that Relevant Claim (ignoring any liability for costs, expenses and  interest) exceeds EUR     50,000. The Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Relevant Claims, to the extent that the aggregate amount of all claims under the Warranties for which the Seller would otherwise be liable does not exceed EUR 415,000. 

2.3    W I Insurance 

Subject to clause 11.2, the Parties hereby specifically agree that recourse against the R W Policy shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for the Purchaser for any Losses and Expenses suffered under and/or claims under this Agreement, other than for Losses and Expenses suffered under and/or claims under: clauses 4 (Estimated Price), 5 (Post-Completion Price Adjustment), 7.3 (Deposit), 7.4 (Termination), 7.6 (Settlement of intra-group arrangements and agreements), 7.7 (No Leakage), 7.8 (Bonus Payments), 7.9 (Information required prior to Completion), 8 (Restrictions of the Seller), 9.7 (Waiver), 10 (Indemnity), 13 (Confidentiality), 14 (Announcements), 16 (Provisions relating to this Agreement), 17 (Law and Jurisdiction), Schedule 8 and Schedule 11, as well as the Definition referred to in such clauses, or resulting from failure by the Seller to deliver the Sale Shares in accordance with the provisions of clause 2 (Sale of Shares) or to complete the Transaction in accordance with the provisions of clause 7.2, whereby the Parties agree that if and when Completion has occurred, no recourse for Losses or Expenses suffered under and/or claims under such clause 7.2 (if any) shall remain. 

The Purchaser shall procure that the R W Policy shall include stipulations (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Seller) to the effect that, except in the case of fraud or willful concealment, the Insurer shall also not have any recourse against the Seller, its Affiliates, Connected Persons (including but not limited to Frank van Wezel), Key Management, Directors or other employees. 

85 

3.    Time limits 

3.1    Notice to Seller  

The Seller shall have no liability in respect of any Relevant Claim unless the Purchaser shall have given notice in writing to the Seller of such claim specifying (in reasonable detail) the matter which gives rise to the claim, the nature of the claim and the amount claimed in respect thereof (detailing the Purchaser s calculation of the loss thereby alleged to have been suffered by it), such notice to be given as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 60 days after the Purchaser becomes aware of the claim and in any event not later than: 

(a)  upon expiry of three (3) months from the last date on which an assessment can be imposed on or collected from the Company or any Subsidiary by any competent Tax Authority, in the case of a Relevant Claim made under the Tax   Warranties  ; or 

(b)  the date 5 years after the date of this Agreement, in the case of a claim in respect of any of the Fundamental Warranties; or  

(c)  the date 18 months after the date of this Agreement, in any other case. 

4.    Matters Disclosed 

The Seller shall not be liable for a Relevant Claim to the extent that the Relevant Claim relates to matters Disclosed. 

5.    Forecasts 

The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Seller does not make any representation or warranty as to, and shall not be liable in connection with, the accuracy of any forecasts, estimates, projections, statements of intent, or statements of opinion howsoever provided. 

6.    Provisions 

The Seller shall not be liable for a Relevant Claim in respect of any matter or claim for which any specific allowance, provision or reserve is made in the Accounts, unless the Losses incurred in respect of such fact, matter or claim exceed the amount of the applicable allowance, provision or reserve, in which case the Seller will only be liable for such excess. For this purpose, an allowance, provision or reserve shall be deemed to be specific if it can be reasonably evidenced on the basis of the financial administration of the Group, that such allowance, provision or reserve was intended by the management of the Group to relate fully or partly to the relevant fact, matter or claim. 

7.    Matters arising after Signing 

The Seller shall not be liable for any Relevant Claim, of any matter, act, omission, or circumstance to the extent that the same would not have occurred but for: 

86 

(a)  anything done or omitted to be done at the written request of the Purchaser; 

(b)  anything done or omitted to be done at the written request of any Group Company after Completion; 

(c)  any voluntary act or omission of the Purchaser or its Affiliates   or   Connected Person  s   after signing of this Agreement, including any change in the nature or conduct of the business as carried on by the Group Companies at Completion; 

(d)  the passing of, or any change in, any Law or administrative practice of any Authority after Completion; 

(e)  any change after Completion of any generally accepted interpretation or application of any Law;  

(f)  any change after Completion of Local GAAP or any generally accepted interpretation or application of Local GAAP; or 

(g)  any change in any accounting policy, basis or practice of the Purchaser or its Affiliates   or Connected Persons   introduced or having effect after Completion. 

8.    Insurance 

The Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Relevant Claim or otherwise in connection with this Agreement to the extent that the Purchaser or its Affiliates or Connected Persons or a Group Company has a right of recovery under a policy of insurance in respect of the Losses and Expenses for which a claim is made, or such Losses and Expenses are or were, as the case may be, covered by a policy of insurance of the Group in force immediately prior to Completion. 

9.    Net financial benefit 

The Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Relevant Claim or otherwise in connection with this Agreement if any Group Company or the Purchaser or its Affiliates or Connected Persons have any savings or net financial benefit because of any Losses and Expenses or the facts giving rise to such Losses and Expenses, but only to the extent of such savings or net financial benefit. 

10.    Mitigation of Losses and Expenses 

The Purchaser shall procure that reasonable steps are taken to mitigate any Losses and Expenses. 

11.    No duplication of recovery 

11.1    Loss otherwise compensated 

The Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Relevant Claim to the extent that the subject of the claim has been or is made good or is otherwise compensated for without direct or indirect cost to the Purchaser. 

87 

11.2    No double recovery 

The Purchaser shall not be entitled to recover damages or otherwise obtain reimbursement or restitution more than once in respect of the same Losses in respect of any Relevant Claim or otherwise in connection with this Agreement. 

88 

Schedule 9  :     Tax Covenant 

Part 1: Definitions 

Each warranty or representation in this Agreement which is expressed to be given in relation to the Company shall also be deemed to be given in relation to each Subsidiary as if it had been repeated with respect to each such Subsidiary naming it in place of the Company throughout. 

1.    Definitions and Interpretation 

1.1    Definitions 

2010 Reorganisation    means (  inter alia  ): 

(i)  the sale of the entire issued share capital of Sunningdale Corporation Limited (Bahamas) to Sunningdale Corporation Limited (Malta) in consideration for the issue of shares by Sunningdale Corporation Limited (Malta); 

(ii)  the establishment by Hi-Tec Sports PLC of a permanent establishment in The Netherlands and the transfer of the contribution of business and assets to the permanent establishment; 

(iii)  the sale of the business and assets referred to at (ii) above ( NL Business   Assets ) by the permanent establishment to Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V.; 

(iv)  the sale of the NL Business   Assets by Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V. to Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V.; 

(v)  any other step or transaction related to or to bring into effect any of the steps or transactions referred to in (i) to (iv) above; 

Business Day    means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day which is a public holiday in The Netherlands. 

CIT Group    means the group of companies for corporate  tax purposes registered or organised in accordance with a Tax Statute of which any of the Company and the Subsidiaries and/or the Seller are currently members. 

Covenantor    means the Seller. 

Event    includes any act, omission, event or transaction and without limitation, the receipt or accrual of any income, profit or gains, the declaration, making or payment of any distribution, membership of or ceasing to be a member of any group or partnership or association, death, any residence or change in residence of any person for Tax purposes, the expiry of any period and Completion.  

Pre-Completion Reorganisation        means: 

(i)  the sale of Hi-Tec Sports Espana; S.A.; 

(ii)  the incorporation of the Hi-Tec Sports France SAS; 

89 

(iii)   the transfer of the assets from Hi-Tec Sports Espana; SA to Hi-Tec Sports France SAS; and 

(iv)  the sale and transfer of Hi-Tec Sports PLC by Sunningdale Bahamas ltd to Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V.; 

"  Purchaser's Group  " means the Purchaser those companies, including as of Completion the Group Companies, which may be treated for relevant Tax purposes as being, or as having at any time been, either a member of the same group of companies as the Purchaser or otherwise associated with the Purchaser; 

Secondary Liability    means any liability for which a Group Company is or will be liable or is or will be held liable, that would not have arisen but for the relationship between that Group Company and the Seller before Completion. 

Subsidiaries    means each of the companies listed in Part 2 of Schedule 1. 

Tax Liability    means: 

(a)  a liability for which the Company is liable (for the avoidance of doubt, including a Secondary Liability) to make a payment of Tax (an    A Liability   ); 

(b)  the application of all or part of any relief in computing either profits earned, accrued or received on or before Completion or Tax arising in respect of any event on or before Completion where  such relief arises in respect of any event occurring or period commencing after Completion and where but for such application the Company would have been liable to make a payment of Tax in respect of which the Purchaser would have been able to make a claim under this Schedule (a    B Liability   ); 

(c)  the loss of all or part of a right to repayment of Tax which has been treated as an asset of the Company in the Accounts (a    C Liability   ); and 

(d)  the loss of all or part of any relief in computing profits or Tax, which relief has been taken into account in  the Accounts (a    D Liability   ) 

Tax Claim    means the issue of any notice, demand, assessment, letter or other document by or on behalf of any Tax Authority or the taking of any other action by or on behalf of any Tax Authority (including the imposition of any withholding) from which notice, demand, assessment, letter, document or action it appears that a Tax Liability may be imposed on the Company. 

PROVIDED THAT payment will be made whether or not the Purchaser or the Company is or may be entitled to claim reimbursement of the Tax Liability from any person. 

Tax Statute    means any directive, statute, enactment, law or regulation whenever enacted or issued, coming into force or enacted into providing for or imposing any Tax or providing for the reporting, collection, assessment or administration of any Tax Liability and shall include orders, regulations, instruments, by-laws or other  

90 

subordinate legislation mode under relevant statute or statutory provisions, any directive, statute enactment, law, order, regulation or provisions that amends, extends, consolidates or replaces the same or that has been amended, extended, consolidated or replaced by the same. 

VAT Group    means the group of companies for value added tax purposes registered or organised in accordance with a Tax Statute of which any of the Company and the Subsidiaries and/or the Seller are currently members. 

1.2    Interpretation 

In this Schedule: 

(a)  any reference to  relief       shall include any loss, relief, allowance, credit, deduction, exemption or set-off in respect of any Tax; 

(b)  persons shall be treated as  connected  for the purposes of this Schedule if they are connected within the meaning of or Article 10a(4) of the Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (  Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969  ); 

(c)  any reference to something occurring (including a Tax Liability arising) in  the ordinary course of business  shall, without prejudice to the generality thereof, be deemed not to include:- 

(i)  anything which involves, or leads directly or indirectly to, the receipt by the Company of a Tax Claim in respect of any liability to Tax of, or properly attributable to, another person, firm or company; 

(ii)  anything which relates to or involves the acquisition or disposal of an asset or the supply of services (including the lending of money, or the hiring or licensing of tangible or intangible property) in a transaction which is not entered into on arm s length terms; 

(iii)  anything which relates to or involves the making of a distribution for Tax purposes, the creation, cancellation or re-organisation of share or loan capital, the creation, cancellation or repayment of any intra-group debt or any company becoming or ceasing or being treated as ceasing to be a member of a group of companies or as becoming or ceasing to be associated with any other company for any Tax purposes; 

(iv)  anything which relates to a transaction or arrangement which includes, or a series of transactions or arrangements which includes, any step or steps having no commercial or business purpose apart from the reduction, avoidance or deferral of a Tax Liability; 

(v)  anything which relates to the waiver or release of any debt; or 

(vi)  anything which gives rise to a deemed (as opposed to actual) profit; 

91 

(d)   profits  includes income, profits or gains of any description and from any source and profits earned on or before a certain date or in respect of a certain period includes profits treated as, or deemed to be, earned on or before that date or in respect of that period for Taxation purposes; 

(e)  any reference to an Event or the consequence of an Event occurring on or before Completion shall include the combined effect of: 

(i)  any two or more Events all of which shall have taken place or be deemed (for the purpose of Tax) to have taken place on or before Completion; and; 

(ii)  any two or more Events at least one of which shall have taken place or be deemed for the purpose of any Tax to have occurred on or before Completion and where the Event or one of the Events occurring before Completion occurred outside the ordinary course of business; 

(f)  the headings in this Schedule shall not affect its interpretation.  

92 

Part 2:   Tax WARRANTIES 

1.    Tax liabilities 

1.1    Primary Tax Liabilities 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has not entered into, done or made any act, transaction or omission, no Event has occurred or been deemed to occur for Tax purposes and no circumstances exist in relation to the Company, which has or have given rise or may give rise to any Tax Liability which is (i) unpaid and (ii) not adequately and fully provided for in the Completion Statement. No Event occurred or is deemed to have occurred for Tax purposes in relation to the Company which has or have given rise or may give rise to any Tax Liability which is (i) unpaid and (ii) not adequately and fully provided for in the Completion Statement. 

1.2    2010 Reorganisation Tax Liabilities 

2010 Reorganisation has not or may not give rise to any Tax Liability which is (i) unpaid and (ii) not adequately and fully provided for in the Completion Statement. 

1.3    The Pre-Completion Reorganisation 

The Pre-Completion Reorganisation has not or may not give rise to any Tax Liability which is (i) unpaid and (ii) not adequately and fully provided for in the Completion Statement. 

2.    Tax returns and compliance 

2.1    Returns 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has at all times submitted to all relevant Tax Authorities by the requisite dates every computation, record, account, filing, return, notice and all information for the purpose of Tax as it is require under applicable Tax laws and each such computation, record, account, filing, return, notice and information are accurate in all material respects.  

2.2    Reductions etc. 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has always properly made all deductions, withholdings and retentions required to be made in respect of any actual or deemed payment made or benefit provided on or before Completion and has always duly, timely and correctly accounted for all such deductions, withholdings and retentions to each relevant Tax Authority and complied with all its obligations under any statute relating to Tax in connection with the same. 

93 

2.3    Interest, fines etc. 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has not been liable or will not, as a result of any action or Event occurring before Completion, become liable to pay any interest, penalty, surcharge or fine in connection with Taxation. 

2.4    No loss of relief 

Neither in the current financial year nor in the preceding three (3) financial years has the Company claimed, utilized, or requested exemptions or deferrals in relation to Tax, including exemptions or deferrals of Tax relating to reorganisations or mergers, other than the business merger of the Dutch permanent establishment of Hi-Tec Sports Plc. into Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V. in early 2012. 

2.5    Claims, elections etc. 

Every claim, election and disclaimer which has been taken into account for the purposes of the Accounts has been duly submitted by the Company within the requisite periods and either has been accepted as valid or its validity has not been and is not likely to be questioned or challenged by the relevant Tax Authority. Neither in the current financial year nor in the preceding five (5) financial years has the Company s assets been written down other than in accordance with consistent tax accounting principles.  

2.6    Records 

The Company has maintained and has in its possession and under its control all records and documentation that it is required by any statute relating to Tax to maintain and preserve and the Company has complete and accurate records and/or information to calculate its future Tax Liability or relief from Tax including, without limitation, arising upon the disposal of any asset owned by the Company at the date of this Agreement or which has been disposed of since the Accounts Date. The Company is not nor will it be held liable for Tax as a result of the disposal, settlement or conversion into equity of any debt at a value of that debt that is different from its value for Tax purposes. 

2.7    Elections etc. disclosed 

The Disclosure Letter contains sufficient details of every: 

(a)  claim, election or disclaimer taken into account for the purposes of the Accounts or return required to be made by the Company, in each case the time limit for the making of which will not have expired on the Completion Date; and 

(b)  subsisting formal or informal arrangement or agreement (including advance tax rulings, advance pricing agreements and horizontal monitoring) entered into by the Company with any Tax Authority with regard to any of its Tax affairs. 

The Company is not subject to a special regime with regard to Tax or the payment thereof.  

2.8    Investigations etc. 

94 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has not been and is as far as it is aware not likely to be subject to any investigation or non-routine audit or visit by any Tax Authority. There neither is nor has been any dispute, including but not limited to litigation, between the Company and any Tax Authority. 

3.    General provisions for Tax 

To the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles, provision or reserve was made in the Accounts in respect of every Tax Liability for which the Company at the Account Date was or may have been liable or accountable whether or not such Tax Liability was or is a primary liability of the Company and whether or not the Company had has or may have any right of reimbursement against any other person.  

4.    Computation of profits and losses 

4.1    No Tax Liabilities other than in the ordinary course of business 

Since the Accounts Date no Event has occurred which has given or may give rise to any Tax Liability (or would or may have given rise to a Tax Liability but for the availability of a Relief) other than corporation tax on trading profits of the Company (and not chargeable gains, balancing charges or deemed income or profits) arising from transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Company carried on at the Accounts Date. 

4.2    Intra-group transactions 

During the last three (3) years, the Company has not: 

(a)  paid interest without deduction of income tax; 

(b)  acquired any asset from any other company which at any relevant time was a member of the same group of companies  as the Company or was an associated company; or 

(c)  made any intra-group transfers of assets in circumstances such that the Company could be regarded as realising a chargeable gain on the appropriation of the asset to or from trading stock. 

4.3    Tax groups and fiscal unities 

The Disclosure Letter contains full particulars of:  

(a)  all groups and consolidated groups for Taxation purposes and fiscal unities of which the Company or any Subsidiary is, or has been, a member within the last seven years, including but not limited to any CIT Group or VAT Group; 

(b)  every agreement relating to the use of group relief or allowance to which the Company or any Subsidiary is, or has been, a party within the last five (5) years; and 

95 

(c)  any arrangements for the payment of group Taxation liabilities to which the Company or any Subsidiary has been party in the last five (5) years . 

5.    Losses 

During the last three (3) years, no Event has or series of Events have occurred which will or may cause the disallowance of any carry forward or carry back of losses, excess charges, non-trading deficits arising from loan relationships (including such part of any deficit attributable to non-trading foreign exchange gains and losses and non-trading profits and losses on interest rate and currency contracts) which would otherwise have been available to the Company. 

6.    Anti-avoidance 

During the last three (3) years, the   Company has not been a party to, nor has been otherwise involved in, any transaction, scheme or arrangement having no commercial purpose and designed wholly for the purpose of avoiding Taxation or reducing a liability to Taxation. 

7.    Transfer pricing 

During the last three (3) years, all   transactions or arrangements made by the Company has been made on arm s length terms and the processes by which prices and terms have been arrived at have, in each case, been fully and adequately documented. No notice, enquiry or adjustment has been made by any Taxation Authority in connection with any such transactions or arrangements. 

8.    Indirect Taxes 

8.1  The Company  is a taxable person and is only registered for the purposes of VAT, in the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organised. 

8.2  The Company is not nor has been, in the period of   three (3)   years ending with the date of Completion, a member of a group for the purposes of VAT. 

8.3    During the last three (3) years, a  ll supplies made by the Company are subject to VAT. The Company  has not been, nor will be, denied full credit or allowance for all VAT paid or suffered by it.  

9.    Stamp Duties and Transfer Taxes 

9.1  Any document that may be necessary or desirable in proving the title of the Company to any asset which is owned by the Company at Completion is, to the extent applicable, duly stamped for stamp duty purposes or has had the transfer or registration tax due in respect of it paid.  

9.2  Neither entering into this Agreement nor Completion will result in the withdrawal of any stamp duty or transfer or registration tax relief granted on or before Completion which will affect the Company. 

96 

9.3  The Disclosure Letter sets out full and accurate details of any asset acquired or held by the Company before Completion in respect of which the Seller is aware, or ought reasonably to be aware, that an additional Taxation return will be required to be filed with a Tax Authority and/or a payment of stamp duty or transfer or registration tax made on or after Completion. 

10.    Residence 

For Tax purposes,   t  he Company is and has been resident only in the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organised and does not have nor had a permanent establishment or permanent representative or representative or other taxable presence in any jurisdiction other than that in which it is resident for Tax purposes. The Company does not constitute nor has it constituted a permanent establishment and it is not nor has it been a permanent representative or representative of another person. 

11.    Participation Exemption 

All shareholdings held by the Company qualify and have during the last three (3) years qualified for exempt treatment for corporate income tax purposes under the participation exemption regime of Article 13 of the Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (  Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969  ). 

97 

Part 3:   Tax Covenant 

1.    Covenant to pay 

1.1    Liability to pay 

The Covenantor hereby covenant with the Purchaser to pay to the Purchaser or, at the option of the Purchaser, the Company, an amount equivalent to any Tax Liability of either of the Purchaser or the Company arising in respect of or as a consequence of or by reference to: 

(a)  any income, profits or gains earned, accrued or received or deemed for Tax purposes to have been earned, accrued or received by the Company on or before Completion; 

(b)  any Event which occurred or is deemed for Tax purposes to have occurred in relation to the Company before Completion;  

(c)  the 2010 Reorganisation; 

(d)  the   Pre-Completion Reorganisation; 

1.2    Exclusions 

The covenant in paragraph 1.1 above shall not cover any Tax Liability to the extent that: 

(a)  a provision or reserve in respect of the Tax Liability has been made or the liability is otherwise taken into account, or its actual or assumed payment or discharge is taken into account in the Completion Statement ,  the Accounts or is otherwise taken into account in the determination of the Price; 

(b)  the liability is (i) interest arising from a failure to pay Tax to a Tax Authority within a reasonable time after the Seller has made a payment of an amount in respect of that liability to Tax or (ii) a penalty or fine incurred after Completion in connection with such an amount; 

(c)  it arises as a result of any Event or Events occurring after Completion or in respect of any profits earned after Completion; 

(d)  it would not have arisen (or would have been reduced) but for a voluntary act or omission carried out or effected by a member of the Purchaser's Group after Completion outside the ordinary course of business of the Company otherwise than any act or omission undertaken pursuant to a legally binding obligation in existence at Completion or any act required by law or anything done at the request of the Seller; 

(e)  it arises as a consequence of any failure by a member of the Purchaser's Group to comply with any of their respective obligations under this schedule if an to the extent such failure materially impacts or will impact the Seller's position.   

98 

(f)  it would not have arisen (or would have been reduced) but for a change in legislation or a change in the interpretation of legislation on the basis of case law made after Completion (whether relating to Tax, the rate of Tax or otherwise) or any amendment to or the withdrawal of any practice previously published by a Tax Authority, in either case occurring after Completion, whether or not that change, amendment or withdrawal purports to be effective retrospectively in whole or in part; or;  

2.    Costs and Expenses 

The covenant contained in this Schedule shall extend to all reasonable costs and expenses properly incurred by the Purchaser and/or the Company in connection with a claim reasonably and properly made under this Schedule. 

3.    No Double Recovery 

The Purchaser shall not be entitled to recover any amount pursuant to this Schedule in respect of any claim to the extent that the Purchaser and/or the Company has already been or will be compensated in respect of such claim pursuant to the Agreement. 

4.    Withholdings, compensation for claims 

4.1  All sums payable by the Covenantor under this Schedule shall be paid free and clear of all deduction, withholdings, set-offs or counterclaims unless a deduction or withholding is required by Law in which event the Covenantor shall pay such additional amount (taking into account any Tax payable in respect of such additional amount) as shall be required to ensure that the net amount received by the Purchaser under this Schedule will equal the full amount that would have been received by it had no such deduction or withholding been required to be made. 

4.2  Any payment pursuant to this Schedule shall for tax purposes be made as an adjustment of the Price. If any payment pursuant to this Schedule forms part of the Purchaser s or the Company s taxable profit (or reduces its or the Company s Tax losses) the Seller shall pay to the Purchaser or the Company such additional amount (taking into account any Tax payable in respect of such additional amount) as shall be required to ensure that the net amount received by the Purchaser or the Company under this Schedule will equal the full amount that would have been received by it had the payment not formed part of the Purchaser s or the Company s taxable profit (or reduced its Tax losses). 

5.    Notification of claims and conduct of disputes 

5.1    Notification of claims 

If the Purchaser or the Company becomes aware of any Tax Claim relevant for the purposes of this Schedule, the Purchaser shall give notice to the Seller of that Tax Claim (including full details of such Tax Claim, the due date for any payment and the time limits for any appeal, and the amount of the claim under this Schedule in respect thereof) as soon as reasonably possible (and, where the Tax Claim is a notice of assessment, within 15 days of its issue by the relevant Tax Authority) and shall take (or procure that the Company shall take) such action as the Seller may reasonably request  

99 

to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal, compromise or defend the Tax Claim and any adjudication in respect thereof subject to the Seller having agreed to indemnify and secure the Purchaser and the Company to their reasonable satisfaction against all costs, expenses, damages, losses and additional tax that are or may be thereby incurred. 

5.2    No action without Seller consent 

The Purchaser shall procure that no Tax Claim in respect of which the Seller could be required to make a payment under this Schedule or any issue relating thereto is settled or otherwise compromised without the Seller prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, provided that if the Seller do not request the Purchaser to take any appropriate action within 15 Business Days of notice to the Seller, the Purchaser shall be free to satisfy or settle the relevant Tax Liability on such terms as it may reasonably think fit. 

5.3    No prejudicial action 

The Seller shall not be entitled to require the Purchaser or the Company to make any settlement or compromise of any Tax Claim in respect of which the Seller may be liable under this Schedule or agree any matter in the conduct of such a Tax Claim which is likely materially to affect the amount or future liability of the Company or of the Purchaser to Tax or otherwise result in material prejudice to any of their future Tax affairs.  

5.4    Fraud etc 

If the Seller or the Company shall have committed acts or omissions which constitute fraud or wilful default in relation to the Company prior to Completion the rights of the Seller set out in paragraph 5.2 in respect of the conduct of the Tax Claim shall not apply. 

6.    Due Date of Payment and Interest 

6.1    Amounts payable in respect of an A Liability 

The Seller shall pay to the Purchaser any amount payable under this Schedule in respect of an A Liability on or before the date which is the later of the date 10 Business Days after demand is made therefor by the Purchaser and three Business Days before which the Tax in question becomes recoverable by the Tax Authority demanding the same provided that, if the date on which the Tax can be recovered is deferred following application to the relevant Tax Authority, the date for payment by the Seller shall be such later date when the amount of Tax is finally and conclusively determined. 

6.2    Amounts payable in respect of a B Liability 

The Seller shall pay to the Purchaser any amount claimed under this Schedule in respect of a B Liability on or before the date which is the later of the date 10 Business Days after demand is made therefor by the Purchaser and three Business Days before which the Tax would have been recoverable by the Tax Authority but for the application of the relevant relief. 

100 

6.3    Amounts payable in respect of a C Liability or a D Liability 

The Seller shall pay to the Purchaser any amount claimed under this Schedule in respect of a C Liability or a D Liability or an amount claimed under paragraph 2 of this Part 3: of this Schedule 9 on or before the date which is 10 Business Days after demand is made therefor by the Purchaser to the Seller accompanied by satisfactory evidence that the relevant loss or cost has been incurred. 

7.    Amount of a liability to Taxation 

The amount of a Tax Liability in respect of which the Seller becomes liable to pay an amount to the Purchaser or the Company under paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall be as follows: 

(a)  in the case of an A Liability the amount of the Tax Liability; 

(b)  in the case of a B Liability the amount of Tax saved as a consequence of the application of the relief; 

(c)  in the case of a C Liability the amount of the repayment which would otherwise have been obtained or the amount by which such repayment is reduced, as the case may be; 

(d)  in the case of a D Liability the amount of Tax which would have been saved had such relief been available on the assumption that the Company s profits or Tax are such that the relief could have been fully utilised in computing such profits or Tax. 

8.    Tax affairs  

8.1    Seller to agree Tax Computations 

The Seller or its duly authorised agents or advisers shall, at the expense of the Seller, prepare, submit and agree the corporation tax computations and returns of the Company (   Tax Computations   ) for its accounting period ended on or before the Completion Date (   Relevant Accounting Period(s)   ). 

8.2    Delivery of information for comment 

The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser for comments any Tax Computation, return, document or correspondence and details of any information or proposal (   Relevant Information   ) which it intends to submit to the relevant Tax Authority before submission to the relevant Tax Authority and, subject to paragraph 8.3 shall take account of the reasonable comments of the Purchaser and make such amendments to the Relevant Information as the Purchaser may require prior to its submission to the relevant Tax Authority, unless such amendments would materially impact the Covenantor's position. 

8.3    Non-submission of information 

101 

The Seller shall not and shall procure that no other person shall submit to the relevant Tax Authority any Relevant Information or agree any matter with the relevant Tax Authority where the Purchaser has notified the Seller that it reasonably considers that such Relevant Information or matter is not true, accurate and lawful in all respects. 

8.4    Delivery of correspondence 

The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser copies of any correspondence sent to, or received from, the relevant Tax Authority relating to the Tax Computations and shall keep the Purchasers fully informed of its actions under this paragraph 8. 

8.5    Assistance by the Company 

Subject to paragraphs 8.2 to 8.4, the Purchaser shall or shall procure that: 

(a)  the Company properly authorises and signs the Tax Computations; 

(b)  the Company provides to the Seller such information and assistance, including without limitation such access to its books, accounts and records which may reasonably be required to prepare, submit negotiate and agree the Tax Computations; and 

(c)  any correspondence which relates to the Tax Computations shall, if received by the Purchaser or the Company or its agents or advisers be copied to the Seller. 

provided that in respect of any matter which gives or may give the Purchaser a right to make a Tax Claim, the provisions of paragraph 4, with respect to appeals and the conduct of disputes shall apply instead of the provisions of this paragraph 8 and provided further that the Purchaser shall not be obliged to procure that the Company makes any election, claim or surrender or provides any notice or withdraws or amends any election, claim, surrender or notice unless such making, provision, withdrawal or amendment was taken into account in the accounts for the period to which such action relates. 

9.    Illegality 

If any provision of this Schedule shall be held to be illegal, void, invalid or unenforceable under the Laws of any jurisdiction, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Schedule in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity and enforceability of the whole of this Schedule in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected. 

10.    Limitations 

10.1  The limitations referred to in Schedule 7 with respect to any claim by the Purchaser under this Agreement shall   mutatis mutandis   apply with respect to the Tax Warranties. 

102 

For and on behalf of SUNNINGDALE CORPORATION LIMITED 

/s/ Frank Van Wezel  

By:  

Frank Van Wezel  

By:  

Title:  

Title:  

Date:  

Date:  

103 

For and on behalf of IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V. 

/s/ N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

By:  

N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

By:  

Henry Stupp  

Title:  

Directors  

Title:  

Director  

Date:  

Date:  

104 

For and on behalf of CHEROKEE, INC. 

/s/ Henry Stupp  

By:  

Henry Stupp  

By:  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer  

Title:  

Date:  

Date:  

105 

</EX-2.1>

<EX-2.2>
 3
 chke-20161029ex22916972b.htm
 EX-2.2

chke_Ex2_2

Exhibit 2.2 

EXECUTION VERSION 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

among 

HI-TEC SPORTS USA, INC., 

IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V., 

CHEROKEE INC., 

and 

CAROLINA FOOTWEAR GROUP, LLC 

Dated as of November 29, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

-i- 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

-ii- 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 

Exhibits 

A  

Form of ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement  

B  

Form of Transitional Services Agreement  

C  

Form of License Agreement  

D  

Form of Bill of Sale  

E  

Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement  

Schedules 

-iii- 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This   ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ), is made and entered into as of November 29, 2016, by and among Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc. a California corporation (   Seller   ), Irene Acquisition Company B.V., a company formed under the laws of the Netherlands (   Irene   ) solely for purposes of   Section  6.1  , Cherokee Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Cherokee   ) solely for purposes of   Sections  11.2   and    23  , and Carolina Footwear Group, LLC, a New York limited liability company (   Buyer    and, together with Seller, the    Parties    and, individually, a    Party   ).  

RECITALS 

WHEREAS  , Irene is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Cherokee; 

WHEREAS  , Seller is the indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunningdale Corporation Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Malta with registered number C252929 (   Sunningdale   ); 

WHEREAS  , Cherokee has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the    SPA   ), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Cherokee, Irene and Sunningdale, pursuant to which Irene shall purchase from Sunningdale certain subsidiaries of Sunningdale, including Seller; 

WHEREAS  , upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the SPA (the    SPA Closing   ), Seller shall be the indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Cherokee; 

WHEREAS  , the Base Purchase Price (as defined below) shall be deposited into the ABN AMRO Escrow Account (as defined below) held by ABN AMRO (as defined below) to pay a portion of the consideration due under the SPA pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A    (the    ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement   ); 

WHEREAS  , Seller is engaged in the business of manufacturing, selling, distributing and commercializing Hi-Tec branded sportswear in the U.S. (the    Business   ); 

WHEREAS  , immediately following the SPA Closing, Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, all of the right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Assets (as defined below), upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein provided; 

WHEREAS  , in connection with the purchase by Buyer of the Assets, Seller desires to provide to Buyer, and Buyer desires to accept from Seller, and Buyer desires to provide to Seller, and Seller desires to accept from Buyer, certain transition services pursuant to the terms of a transitional services agreement in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit B   (the    Transitional Services Agreement   ); and 

WHEREAS  , in connection with the purchase by Buyer of the Assets, an Affiliate of Seller, Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V., a private company with limited liability (  besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid  ) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce with number 55297587 (   Licensor   ), desires to license to Buyer, and Buyer desires to license from Licensor, the 

-1- 

Trademark (as defined therein) pursuant to the terms of a license agreement in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit C   (the    License Agreement   ). 

NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the representations and warranties and the mutual covenants and agreements in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1.        Definitions  .     

In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms will have the following meanings when used in this Agreement with initial capital letters: 

ABN AMRO    means ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 

ABN AMRO Escrow Account    means Escrow Account C2 as defined in the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement.  

ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Accounts Receivable    shall mean all trade accounts receivable or notes receivable held by Seller arising from the sale of goods in connection with the Business, whether current or non-current, together with all security and associated rights thereto. 

Acquisition Proposal    has the meaning set forth in   Section  6.3  . 

Actions    means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law or in equity. 

Affiliate    means, with respect to a specific Person, any Person that owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or which is under common ownership or control with such Person.  For purposes of this Agreement, the terms    controls  ,     controlled by  ,  or    under common control with    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Assets    has the meaning set forth in   Section  2.1  . 

Assigned POs    has the meaning set forth in   Section  2.1(c)  . 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement    has the meaning set forth in   Section  8.4(d)  . 

-2- 

Assumed Liabilities    has the meaning set forth in   Section  2.2  . 

Base Purchase Price    means   $13,375,348.00  . 

Bill of Sale    has the meaning set forth in   Section  8.4(a)  . 

Books and Records    means originals, or where not available, copies, of all books, records, files, data and information of Seller relating to the Assets, in any format or medium (including electronic), including, without limitation, customer lists, customer purchasing histories, price lists, distribution lists, supplier lists, production data, quality control records and procedures, customer complaints and inquiry files, financial, accounting records, purchase orders and invoices, sales orders and sales order log books, terms and conditions of sale, credit and collection records, correspondence, lists, records and reports with respect to the Assets but shall not include the employee and personnel records of Seller s current and former employees. 

Business    has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Business Day    means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California are required or authorized to be closed. 

Buyer    has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Buyer Indemnitees    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.2(a)  . 

Canadian APA Closing    means the closing contemplated by that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, by and among Hi-Tec Sports (Canada) Ltd., Irene, Cherokee and Buyer. 

Cherokee    has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 

Cherokee Guaranty    has the meaning set forth in   Section  23  . 

Closing    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.2  . 

Closing A/R Adjustment Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(ii)  . 

Closing A/R Valuation    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(a)  . 

Closing Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.2  . 

Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(i) 

Closing Inventory Statement    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(i)  . 

Closing Inventory Valuation    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(a)  . 

Code    means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

-3- 

Collected A/R Adjustment Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(iii)  . 

Company Plan    means all  employee benefit plans  (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), and all bonus, incentive, stock option, restricted stock, stock appreciation right, stock purchase, phantom stock, deferred compensation, retirement, medical, dental, vacation, employment, severance, disability, sickness, accident, death benefit, hospitalization, life insurance, unemployment, workers  compensation, apprenticeship, training, fringe benefit and other plans, programs, arrangements and agreements (whether or not described in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and all employment, change in control, or other agreements (i) covering, or otherwise providing any benefits with respect to, any current or former employees, officers or directors of Seller or any Person that is or has been a member of any group of persons described in Section 414 of the Code which includes or included Seller (hereafter,    ERISA Affiliates   ) or any of their spouses, dependents or beneficiaries or (ii) maintained or contributed to by Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates or (iii) as to which Seller or its ERISA Affiliates are obligated to make payments or have any liability (contingent or otherwise). 

Confidential Information    has the meaning set forth in   Section  6.4(a)  .    

Contracts    means all contracts, leases, deeds, mortgages, licenses, easement or right of way agreements, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings and all other agreements, whether written or oral. 

Customer Discounts    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(iv)  . 

Draft Allocation Schedule    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.4  . 

Encumbrance    means any mortgage, lien, security interest, security agreement, interest retained by a transferor under a conditional sale or other title retention agreement, pledge, option, charge, assessment, encumbrance, adverse interest, or any exception to or defect in title or other ownership interest (including reservations, rights of entry, possibilities of reverter, encroachments, easements, rights of way) of any kind, that constitutes an interest or claim against an Asset or the Business, whether arising pursuant to any Legal Requirement, Governmental Authorization, Contract or otherwise. 

Enforceability Exceptions    has the meaning set forth in   Section  4.2  . 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as in effect from time to time. 

Estimated A/R Valuation    means $7,492,728.01 

Estimated Inventory Valuation    means $5,882,619.99. 

Excluded Liabilities    has the meaning set forth in   Section  2.3  . 

Final Allocation Schedule    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.4  . 

-4- 

Final Collected A/R Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(iii)  . 

Final Payment Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(iii)  . 

Final Settlement Statement    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(iii)  .   

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, as in effect on the date on which they are to be applied pursuant to, or referenced in, this Agreement in the U.S. 

Governmental Authority    means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any political subdivision thereof, including counties, municipalities and the like, or any agency, commission, authority, board or body of any of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority, or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

Governmental Authorizations    means, collectively, all consents, licenses, registrations, authorizations, agreements, certificates, approvals and permits issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Legal Requirement. 

Indemnified Party    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.3(a)  . 

Independent Accounting Firm    means an independent nationally recognized accounting firm of certified public accountants mutually agreeable to the Parties. 

Interest Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.1(b)  . 

Interim Collected A/R Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(ii)  . 

Interim Payment Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section 3.3(b)(ii)  . 

Interim Settlement Statement    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(b)(ii)  .   

Inventory    means all inventories of (i) raw materials, (ii) work in process, (iii) finished products, goods and equipment, (iv) products, goods and equipment in transit and (v) products, goods and equipment held for use, sale or resale by Seller in connection with the Business. 

Inventory Mark-Up    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(iv)  . 

Irene    has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 

IRS    means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Lease    means each of the (i) AIR Commercial Real Estate Association Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease   Net, dated as of August 11, 2014, by and between Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc., as lessee, and Grant Craven as to an undivided 65.32% interest and Grant Craven, trustee of the Grant Craven 2006 Grat Trust, fbo Todd Craven   Monica Craven Swanson,  

-5- 

collectively as lessor and, (ii) Office Lease, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and between Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc., as lessee, and Portland SW Center LLC, as landlord, collectively, the    Leases  .  

Legal Requirement    means any constitution, statute, ordinance, code, law, rule, regulation, permit or permit condition, administrative or judicial decree, order or other requirement, standard or procedure enacted, adopted or applied by any Governmental Authority, including judicial decisions applying common law or interpreting any other Legal Requirement. 

License Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Licensor    has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.  

Litigation Control Conditions    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.3(c)  . 

Losses    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.2(a)  . 

Material Adverse Effect    means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, is having, or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (a) the Business, results of operations, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Business, (b) the value of the Assets, or (c) the ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis, in each case, excluding general economic conditions (other than such conditions which have had or are having a disproportionate effect on the Business as a whole or the Assets as a whole). 

Notice of Claim    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.3(a  ). 

Objection Notice      has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(d)(ii)  .   

Outside Closing Date    means December 23, 2016 or such other date as may be agreed in writing by the Parties.  

Party    or    Parties    has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

PC    means Pryor Cashman LLP. 

PC Escrow Account    means Pryor Cashman LLP s Client Account.  

Person    means any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited liability company, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Post-Closing Tax Period    means any Tax period beginning after and ending after the Closing Date and, with respect to any Straddle Period, the portion of such Straddle Period after the Closing Date. 

Post-Closing Taxes    has the meaning set forth in   Section  6.10(b)  . 

-6- 

Pre-Closing Tax Period    means any Tax period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any Straddle Period, the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date. 

Pre-Closing Taxes    has the meaning set forth in   Section  6.10(b)  . 

Purchase Price    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.1(a)  . 

Rebate Amount    has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(iv)  .   

Related Agreements    means the Transitional Services Agreement, the License Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement and all other agreements, exhibits, certificates and schedules delivered by a Party or its Affiliates to another Party or its Affiliates in connection herewith.  

Resale Certificate      has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.10(g)  . 

Resolution Period      has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(d)(ii)  .   

Responsible Party    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.3(a)  . 

Review Period        has the meaning given to it in   Section  3.3(d)(i)  . 

Sales Price     has the meaning set forth in   Section  3.3(c)(iv)  .   

Schedules    means the Schedules to this Agreement. 

Seller    has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Seller Indemnitees    has the meaning set forth in   Section  10.2(b)  . 

SPA    has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.  

SPA Closing    has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.  

Straddle Period    has the meaning set forth in   Section  6.10(c)  . 

Sunningdale    has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Taxes    or    Tax    means all U.S. federal, state or local, or non-U.S. income, capital gains, gross income, gross receipts, property (real or personal), franchise, sales, use, production, excise, withholding, ad valorem, transfer, documentary, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, alternative minimum, environmental, real property gains, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, charges or similar levies of any kind whether computed on a separate or consolidated, unitary or combined basis or in any other manner, together with any interest, penalties or additions to tax validly imposed with respect to such Taxes, whether disputed or not. 

-7- 

Tax Return    means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund or information return, statement or other document or information relating to Taxes filed or required to be filed with a Tax authority, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 

Third Party Claim    has the meaning given in   Section  10.3(b)  . 

Transfer Taxes    has the meaning given in   Section  6.10(a)  . 

Transitional Services Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.  

Treasury Regulations    means the Treasury Regulations promulgated and in effect under the Code, as amended from time to time (including corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations). 

U.S.    means the United States of America. 

2.        Sale of Assets; Assumption of Certain Liabilities; Excluded Liabilities; Consents  . 

2.1        Sale of Assets  .  Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions contained in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase and acquire from Seller, free and clear of all Encumbrances    , all of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the following assets, wherever located (collectively, the    Assets   ): 

(a)      All Accounts Receivable as of the Closing Date;  

(b)      All Inventory as of the Closing Date;  

(c)      All open purchase orders as of the Closing Date for sale of Inventory to customers of the Business, as set forth on   Schedule  2.1(c)   (the    Assigned POs   ); and 

(d)      All Books and Records related to the Assets. 

2.2        Assumed Liabilities  .  Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions contained in this Agreement, on and after the Closing, Buyer shall assume and agree to pay, discharge and perform only the following liabilities (collectively, the    Assumed Liabilities   ), and no other liabilities:  

(a)      All obligations of Seller to be performed under the Assigned POs after the Closing Date;  

(b)      All liabilities arising out of Buyer s ownership or operation of the Assets after the Closing Date; and 

(c)      All liabilities for Taxes allocated to Buyer pursuant to   Section  6.10  . 

-8- 

2.3        Excluded Liabilities  .  Notwithstanding the provisions of   Section  2.2   or any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer does not, and shall not, assume and shall not be responsible to pay, perform or discharge any liabilities or obligations of Seller or any of its Affiliates of any kind or nature (including, without limitation, all liabilities related to employees and former employees of Seller, including, without limitation, salary, bonuses, compensation arrangements, benefits, Company Plans, fringe benefits, severance arrangements, employment arrangements and equity arrangements), whether now in existence or hereafter incurred, known or unknown, matured or unmatured, absolute, contingent or otherwise, whether or not related to the Assets, other than the Assumed Liabilities (collectively, the    Excluded Liabilities   ).  For the avoidance of doubt, any liabilities for Taxes allocated to Seller pursuant to   Section 6.10   are Excluded Liabilities.  Seller shall, and shall cause each of its Affiliates to, pay and satisfy in due course all Excluded Liabilities which they are obligated to pay and satisfy. 

2.4        Consents of Third Parties  .  To the extent that any Asset is to be assigned or transferred from Seller to Buyer hereby and is not assignable or transferable without the consent of another Person which has not been obtained, this Agreement shall not constitute an assignment or transfer or an attempted assignment or transfer thereof if such assignment, transfer or attempted assignment or transfer would constitute a breach thereof or a default thereunder, and, at Seller s expense, Seller shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain promptly any such Required Consents and shall cooperate with Buyer in any lawful and reasonable arrangement designed to provide for Buyer the benefits intended to be assigned or transferred to Buyer under the relevant Asset.  If any such assignment or transfer cannot be obtained or if any attempted assignment or transfer would be ineffective or would impair Buyer s rights under the Asset in question so that Buyer would not in effect acquire the benefit of all such rights, Buyer shall have no obligation pursuant to   Section  2.2   or otherwise with respect to any such Asset.   

3.        Purchase Price; Closing; Purchase Price Adjustment; Purchase Price Allocation  .           

3.1        Purchase Price  . 

(a)      The aggregate purchase price payable for the Assets will be an amount equal to the Base Purchase Price, as adjusted pursuant to   Section  3.3   (the    Purchase Price   ). 

(b)      The Base Purchase Price has previously been deposited by wire transfer of immediately available funds into the PC Escrow Account prior to the date hereof.  Interest shall accrue on the Base Purchase Price at a rate of 3.75% per annum until the earlier of (i) if the Base Purchase Price   has not bee  n deposited in the ABN AMRO Account pursuant to subsection (c) below,  the date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to   Section  11.1   or (ii) if the Base Purchase Price   has been   deposited in the ABN AMRO Account pursuant to subsection (c) below, the date of the disbursement of the Base Purchase Price in accordance with the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement (such accrued interest, the    Interest Amount   ).  The Interest Amount shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer in writing to Seller not later than three Business Days following the applicable disbursement of the Base Purchase Price. 

(c)      The Base Purchase Price shall be deposited by wire transfer of immediately  

-9- 

available funds from the PC Escrow Account into the ABN AMRO Escrow Account as early as practicable on the Closing Date but in any event no later than 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date and such amount shall be held and distributed in accordance with the terms of the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement.   

(d)      Payment in accordance with this   Section  3.1   shall be a good and valid discharge of the Buyer s obligation to pay the Base Purchase Price. 

3.2        Manner and Time of Closing  .  Seller shall give Buyer notice of the SPA Closing at least three (3) Business Days prior to the anticipated SPA Closing.  Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions contained in this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the    Closing   ) will take place via facsimile or other electronic media or overnight delivery, or at the offices of Morrison   Foerster LLP, 12531 High Bluff Drive, San Diego, California 92130, or as the Parties may otherwise mutually agree after all of the conditions set forth in   Sections  8   and    9   (other than those based on acts to be performed at the Closing) are satisfied or waived immediately after the SPA Closing (such date on which the Closing actually occurs being the    Closing Date   ). 

3.3        Purchase Price       Adjustment  . 

(a)        Valuations  .    As soon as practicable after the Closing Date, but no later than twenty (20) Business Days following the Closing Date (which date may be extended by Buyer for up to ten (10) Business Days), Seller and/or its designated representatives and Buyer shall carry out (x) a joint physical inventory of the Inventory as at the Closing Date for purposes of calculating the value of the Inventory as of the Closing Date and as required under the SPA with such joint physical inventory to take place, in Buyer s determination, at either Seller s warehouse in Modesto, CA or at a warehouse in the U.S. operated by Buyer or one of its Affiliates (the    Closing Inventory Valuation   ) and (y) a joint calculation of the value of the Accounts Receivable as at the Closing Date for purposes of calculating the value of the Accounts Receivable as of the Closing Date and as required under the SPA (the    Closing A/R Valuation   ).  Seller and Buyer hereby agree that the valuation principles used to calculate the Closing Inventory Valuation and the Closing A/R Valuation pursuant to   Section  3.3   shall be based on the following:  

(i)      for Inventory, an amount equal to seventy (70%) percent of the sum of:  

(1)      gross inventory, which shall equal the sum of (A) manufacturer s purchase cost,   plus   (B) customs duty,   plus   (C) manufacturer s commissions,   plus   (D) freight;   minus    

(2)      inventory provision, which shall equal the sum of (A) obsolete inventory   plus   (B) slow moving inventory;   plus    

(3)      goods in transit, which shall equal the sum of (A) manufacturer s purchase cost,   plus   (B) customs duty,   plus   (C) manufacturer s commissions,   plus   (D) freight; 

-10- 

in each case, arising from, as the result of or related to such Inventory and actually incurred by Seller; and 

(ii)      for Accounts Receivable, an amount equal to (A) 100% of the gross trade receivables   minus   (B) the amount of any sales tax included or includable on any invoice relating to such Accounts Receivable, if any,   minus   (C) allowances for doubtful accounts,    minus    (D) discounts  . 

(b)        Settlement Statements  .   

(i)      Within five (5) Business Days following the determination of the Closing Inventory Valuation pursuant to   Section  3.3(a)  , Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller (or its designee) a statement (the    Closing Inventory Statement   ) setting forth the Closing Inventory Valuation. 

(ii)      Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller (or its designee) a statement (the    Interim Settlement Statement   ) setting forth the aggregate dollar amount actually collected by Buyer, or actually received by Buyer from Seller pursuant to   Section  6.8  , in respect of the Accounts Receivable from the period commencing on the Closing Date through the date that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (such date, the    Interim Payment Date   , and such amount, the    Interim Collected A/R Amount   ). 

(iii)      Within two hundred ten (210) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller (or its designee) a statement (the    Final Settlement Statement   ) setting forth (i) the aggregate dollar amount actually collected by Buyer, or actually received by Buyer from Seller pursuant to   Section  6.8  , in respect of the Accounts Receivable from the period commencing on the ninety-first (91  st  ) day following the Closing Date through the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date (such date, the    Final Payment Date   , and such amount, the    Final Collected A/R Amount   ), (ii) the Closing A/R Valuation and (iii) the Rebate Amount.  

(iv)      From and after the Closing, Buyer shall provide to Seller copies of all requests or offers for mark-downs or credit notes in excess of $10,000 in respect of the Accounts Receivable (   Customer Discounts   ), including all available information reasonably necessary to evaluate such Customer Discount.   

(c)        Post-Closing Adjustments  .  

(i)      The    Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount    shall be an amount equal to the Closing Inventory Valuation   minus   the Estimated Inventory Valuation.  If the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount is a positive number, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount. If the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount is a negative number, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount. 

(ii)      The    Closing A/R Adjustment Amount    shall be an amount equal  

-11- 

to the Closing A/R Valuation   minus   the Estimated A/R Valuation.  If the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount is a positive number, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount. If the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount is a negative number, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount. 

(iii)      The    Collected A/R Adjustment Amount    shall be (x) as of the Interim Payment Date, an amount equal to 10% of the Interim Collected A/R Amount, and (y) as of the Final Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the Closing A/R Valuation   minus   the sum of the Interim Collected A/R Amount and the Final Collected A/R Amount,   plus   (2) 10% of the Final Collected A/R Amount.  Seller shall pay to Buyer the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount. 

(iv)      The    Rebate Amount    shall be a dollar amount determined as of the Final Payment Date which equals (x) the positive difference, if any, between the Inventory Mark-Up and forty (40%) percent,   multiplied by   (y) Buyer s actual gross proceeds less deductions for sales taxes properly due and owing and commissions resulting from the sale of Inventory between Closing Date and the Final Payment Date (on an aggregate basis) (the    Sales Price   ).    Inventory Mark-Up    shall mean an amount, expressed as a percentage, determined by dividing (x) the difference between the Sales Price   minus   the Closing Inventory Valuation by (y) the Sales Price;   provided  ,    however  , the Inventory Mark-Up shall be capped such that the dollar amount represented by the Inventory Mark-Up shall not exceed the dollar amount represented by five (5%) percent of the Closing Inventory Valuation. For purposes of calculating Inventory Mark-Up, any unsold item of Inventory shall be deemed to have been sold  by Buyer at a sales price equal to fifty (50%) percent of the value of such item, with such value determined by applying the methodology set forth in Section 3.3(a)(i) above.   For avoidance of doubt, no Rebate Amount shall be payable if the Inventory Mark-Up is equal to or less than forty (40%) percent.  

(d)        Examination and Review  .     

(i)      Seller shall notify Buyer within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Closing Inventory Statement, the Interim Settlement Statement or the Final Settlement Statement (the applicable period, the    Review Period     ), whether or not it accepts the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount.  During the Review Period, Buyer shall provide all information, Books and Records that Seller (or its designee) and/or Sunningdale may reasonably require to enable it to perform a reasonable analysis of the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Interim Collected A/R Amount, the Final Collected A/R Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount, as applicable, and Buyer shall cause to be made available the services of its employees as are reasonably necessary in order to provide the above mentioned information to Seller (or its designee) and/or Sunningdale;   provided  , that such access shall be in a manner that does not interfere with the normal business operations of Buyer. 

(ii)      If Seller desires to object to the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount, it shall deliver to Buyer on or before the last day of the Review Period a notice in  

-12- 

writing (the    Objection Notice   ) setting forth the item or items disputed, its reasons in reasonable detail for such disputes and the adjustments which, in its opinion, should be made to the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount in order to comply with the requirements of this   Section  3.3  .  The Parties shall use reasonable efforts to meet and discuss in good faith the objections raised in the Objection Notice and to reach agreement upon the adjustments required to be made to the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of the Objection Notice (the    Resolution Period   ), and, if the same are so resolved within the Resolution Period, the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount and the Closing Inventory Statement, the Interim Settlement Statement or the Final Settlement Statement, as applicable, with such changes as may have been agreed in writing by Buyer and Seller, shall be final and binding.  For the avoidance of doubt, if Seller fails to deliver the Objection Notice before the expiration of the Review Period, the Closing Inventory Statement, the Interim Settlement Statement or the Final Settlement Statement, as applicable, and the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount reflected in such statement shall be deemed to have been accepted by Seller.    Any portion of the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount which has not been disputed by Seller pursuant to this   Section  3.3(d)(ii)   shall be paid by Seller or Buyer, as the case may be, within ten (10) Business Days of the expiration of the Resolution Period, and such amounts shall be deemed agreed and binding upon the Parties. 

(iii)      If Seller and Buyer fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matters set forth in the Objection Notice before expiration of the Resolution Period, then they shall engage   the Independent Accounting Firm and submit only the remaining disputed items to the Independent Accounting Firm for resolution. 

(1)      The Independent Accounting Firm shall act as experts and not arbiters and shall determine only those items on the Closing Inventory Statement, the Interim Settlement Statement or the Final Settlement Statement being disputed by Buyer and Seller as of the time of engagement of the Independent Accounting Firm and make any adjustments to the Closing Inventory Statement, the Interim Settlement Statement or the Final Settlement Statement and the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount, as applicable. 

(2)      Buyer and Seller shall provide the Independent Accounting Firm the information in their possession or under their control as may be reasonably required by the Independent Accounting Firm to enable it to perform a reasonable analysis of the disputed items of the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount. 

(3)      The Independent Accounting Firm shall determine its own procedure but shall: (i) give Seller and Buyer a reasonable opportunity to make written and oral representations to it; (ii) require that Seller and Buyer shall supply each other with copies of their  

-13- 

written representations at the same time as they are submitted to the Independent Accounting Firm; and (iii) permit Seller and Buyer to be present when the other of them is making oral submissions to the Independent Accounting Firm and to make oral submissions in reply.  The Independent Accounting Firm may, if it reasonably considers it necessary to reach its determination, instruct appraisers, solicitors and other professional advisers. 

(4)      Promptly, but no later than thirty (30) days after engagement, the Independent Accounting Firm shall deliver a written report to Buyer and Seller as to their resolution of the disputed items, which shall include the resulting Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or Rebate Amount incorporating such resolution.  The Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount, as determined by the Independent Accounting Firm, shall be conclusively deemed the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount agreed by the Parties.  The fees and expenses of the Independent Accounting Firm incurred in connection with the resolution of disputes pursuant to this   Section  3.3(d)(iii)     shall be borne by the Seller and Buyer based upon the percentage that the amount actually contested but not awarded to Seller or Buyer, respectively, bears to the aggregate amount actually contested by Seller and Buyer, with such fees and expenses to be paid to the Independent Accounting Firm within thirty (30) days after the Independent Accounting Firm s determination. 

(iv)      The Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount (incorporating any agreed adjustments pursuant to   Sections  3.3(d)(ii)   and/or    3.3(d)(iii  )) shall be deemed agreed and shall be binding upon the Parties.    Within thirty (30) days following the day the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount becomes binding upon the Parties in accordance with the provisions of this   Section  3.3(d)(iv)  , such Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer or Seller, as the case may be, in writing to Seller or Buyer, as applicable.  Within thirty (30) days following the day the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount with respect to the Interim Payment Date becomes binding upon the Parties in accordance with the provisions of this   Section  3.3(d)(iv)  , such Collected A/R Adjustment Amount shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer in writing to Seller.  Within thirty (30) days following the day the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount with respect to the Final Payment Date become binding upon the Parties in accordance with the provisions of this   Section  3.3(d)(iv)  , (x) the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer or Seller, as the case may be, in writing to Seller or Buyer, as applicable, (y) the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer in writing to Seller and (z) the Rebate Amount shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller in writing to Buyer.  Any payments made pursuant to this   Section  3.3  , shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the Parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Legal Requirements.  To the extent that any portion of the Closing Inventory Adjustment Amount, the Closing A/R Adjustment Amount, the Collected A/R Adjustment Amount and/or the Rebate Amount is not timely paid to Buyer in accordance with  

-14- 

this   Section  3.3(d)(iv)  , (1) such amounts (A) shall bear interest at the prime rate as disclosed in The Wall Street Journal   plus   nine percent (9%) per annum or, if such rate exceeds the maximum rate allowed by law, at the maximum rate allowed by law, until paid in full and (B) shall be payable on demand, (2) Buyer may, upon written notice to Seller and Licensor, deduct such amounts, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, from payments owed by Buyer to Licensor under the License Agreement, and (3) Buyer may, upon written notice to Seller, deduct such amounts, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, from payments owed by Buyer to Seller under the Transitional Services Agreement. 

3.4        Purchase Price Allocation  .  Within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and cause to be delivered to Seller a draft allocation of the consideration delivered pursuant to this Agreement (and all other capitalized costs) among the Assets in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (and any similar provision of state, local or other applicable law, as appropriate) (the    Draft Allocation Schedule   ).  Buyer will give Seller reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Draft Allocation Schedule, and the final allocation will be as mutually agreed between Seller and Buyer (such agreed allocation, the    Final Allocation Schedule   ). Seller, Buyer and their respective Affiliates shall report and file any Tax Returns (including IRS Form 8594) in all respects and for all purposes consistent with the Final Allocation Schedule.  Seller and Buyer shall timely and properly prepare, execute, file and deliver all such documents, forms and other information as the other Party shall reasonably request to prepare the Draft Allocation Schedule or Final Allocation Schedule.  Neither Buyer nor Seller shall take any position (whether on any Tax Returns, in any Tax proceeding, or otherwise) that is inconsistent with the Final Allocation Schedule, unless required to do so by applicable Legal Requirements.  If the Parties cannot agree on such allocation, the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any disputes, but if a final resolution is not reached within thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Draft Allocation Schedule to Buyer, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, then the Independent Accounting Firm shall review the Parties  proposed allocations and, acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator, shall as promptly as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) days following submission of the matter to the Independent Accounting Firm for resolution) decide the proper allocation of the Purchase Price among the Assets.  Such decision of the Independent Accounting Firm shall be conclusive and binding as among the Parties, and the costs of such review shall be borne by Seller, on one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand, in proportion to the relevant dollar amount each of Seller s proposed allocation, on the one hand, or Buyer s proposed allocation, on the other hand, has been modified.       

3.5        Withholding Tax  .  Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all Taxes that Buyer is required to deduct and withhold under any applicable provision of Tax law;   provided  ,    however  , that Buyer shall provide written notification to Seller as soon as practicable prior to withholding any such amounts and shall cooperate in good faith with Seller to take any action necessary or appropriate to reduce or eliminate any such withholding.  All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered to Seller hereunder provided such withheld amounts are timely delivered to the appropriate Governmental Authority.   

4.        Representations and Warranties of Seller  .  Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, which representations are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof and will be true, correct  

-15- 

and complete as of the Closing Date, except as otherwise set forth in correspondingly numbered sections of the Schedules to this Agreement, as follows: 

4.1        Organization; Qualification  .    Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of California and in each jurisdiction in which either the ownership or use of the assets owned or used by it, or the nature of the activities conducted by it, requires such qualification, except where failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  Seller has full corporate power and authority to own, operate or lease, as applicable, the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by it and to operate the Business as it is now being operated. 

4.2        Due Authorization; Enforceability  .  The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Seller.  Seller has the full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which it is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Seller and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Buyer) will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, except in each case to the extent that such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or secured parties, and that the availability of equitable remedies including specific performance and injunctive relief may be subject to equitable defenses and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought (the    Enforceability Exceptions   ).      When each other Related Agreement to which Seller is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by Seller (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Related Agreement will constitute a legal and binding obligation of Seller enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case to the extent that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

4.3        No Conflict; Consents  .  The execution and delivery by Seller, the performance of Seller under, and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which Seller is a party do not and will not: (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Seller; (b) violate any material Legal Requirement applicable to Seller, the Business or the Assets; (c) require any consent, approval or authorization of, or filing of any certificate, notice, application, report or other document with any Person; or (d) (i) violate or result in a breach of or default under (without regard to requirements of notice, lapse of time, or elections of any Person, or any combination thereof), (ii) permit or result in the termination, suspension or modification of, (iii) result in the acceleration of (or give any Person the right to accelerate) the performance of Seller under, or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance under any Contract or any other instrument evidencing any of the Assets or by which Seller, the Business or any of the Assets is bound or affected 

4.4        Broker; Brokers  Fees  .  No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller. 

-16- 

4.5        Legal Proceedings  .  There are no Actions pending or, to Seller s knowledge, threatened against or by Seller, (i) relating to or affecting the Business, the Assets or the Assumed Liabilities; or (ii) that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action.   

4.6        Inventory  .  All Inventory is of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, except for obsolete, damaged, defective or slow-moving items that have been written off or written down to fair market value or for which adequate reserves have been established.  All Inventory has been valued at Seller s cost consistent with past practice.  All Inventory is owned by Seller free and clear of all Encumbrances, and no Inventory is held on a consignment basis.  All Inventory is warehoused at Seller s facility located at 4801 Stoddard Road, Modesto, California, USA 95356.  Inventory acquired by Seller has been acquired in the ordinary course of business, in customary quantities and at prevailing prices.  The quantities of each item of Inventory (whether raw materials, work-in-process or finished goods) are not excessive, but are reasonable in the present circumstances of the Business.    Schedule  4.6   contains a complete and correct list of all Inventory, which lists the location, type, value and aging of such Inventory. 

4.7        Accounts Receivable  .  The Accounts Receivable set forth on   Schedule  4.7    (a) have arisen from bona fide transactions entered into by Seller involving the sale of goods or the rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (b) constitute only valid, undisputed claims of Seller not subject to claims of set-off or other defenses or counterclaims other than normal cash discounts accrued in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (c) are collectible in full within ninety (90) days after billing.  

4.8        Assigned POs  .    Schedule  2.1(c)   lists each of the open purchase orders for sale of the Inventory to customers of the Business.  Each Assigned PO is valid and binding on Seller in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect.  None of Seller or, to Seller s knowledge, any other party thereto is in breach of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default under) in any material respect, or has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate, any Assigned PO.  No event or circumstance has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default under any Assigned PO or result in a termination thereof or would cause or permit the acceleration or other changes of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit thereunder. Complete and correct copies of each Assigned PO (including all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto and waivers thereunder) have been made available to Buyer.  There are no material disputes pending or threatened under any Assigned PO. 

4.9        Title to Assets  .  Seller has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of the Assets.  All such Assets are free and clear of Encumbrances. There are no unpaid assessments for Taxes with respect to the Assets that could result in a Tax lien against any of the Assets and, to Seller s knowledge, no Tax authority is in the process of imposing any Tax lien on any of the Assets.   

4.10        Leases      .  The Leases are in full force and effect and Seller has not received any notice of default under the Leases. 

-17- 

5.        Representations and Warranties of Buyer  .  Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller, which representations are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof and will be true, correct and complete as of the Closing Date, except as otherwise set forth in correspondingly numbered sections of the Schedules to this Agreement, as follows:   

5.1        Organization; Qualification  .  Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York and in each jurisdiction in which either the ownership or use of the assets owned or used by it, or the nature of the activities conducted by it, requires such qualification, except where failure to do so would not have a material adverse effect on Buyer s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the Related Agreements. 

5.2        Due Authorization; Enforceability  .  The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability company action on the part of Buyer.  Buyer has the full limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which it is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto) will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case to the extent that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.  When each other Related Agreement to which Buyer is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Related Agreement will constitute a legal and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except in each case to the extent that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

5.3        No Conflict; Consents  .  The execution and delivery by Buyer, the performance of Buyer under, and the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the Related Agreements to which Buyer is a party do not and will not: (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Buyer; (b) violate any material Legal Requirement applicable to Buyer or its assets; (c) require any consent, approval or authorization of, or filing of any certificate, notice, application, report or other document with any Person; or (d) (i) violate or result in a breach of or default under (without regard to requirements of notice, lapse of time, or elections of any Person, or any combination thereof), (ii) permit or result in the termination, suspension or modification of, (iii) result in the acceleration of (or give any Person the right to accelerate) the performance of Buyer under, or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance under any Contract or any other instrument by which Buyer or any of its assets is bound or affected. 

5.4        Legal Proceedings  .  There are no Actions pending or, to Buyer s knowledge, threatened against or by Buyer that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

5.5        Broker; Brokers  Fees  .  No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any  

-18- 

brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer. 

6.        Covenants of Seller and Buyer  .  

6.1        Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing  .  Buyer and Seller acknowledge that the SPA contains certain interim operating covenants set forth in Section 6 of the SPA in respect of the conduct of the Business and Assets between the date hereof and the SPA Closing, subject to the limitations set out therein.  Irene hereby grants to Buyer the benefit of its rights arising under such interim operating covenants solely to the extent such rights relate to the Assets.  At Buyer s expense, Irene shall use its best efforts to enforce Sunningdale s and its Affiliates  obligations with respect to such interim operating covenants pursuant to and subject to the limitations of the SPA.  Irene agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any event, occurrence, condition, development, change or state of facts the existence, occurrence or taking of which has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in the breach of such interim operating covenants by Sunningdale or any of its Affiliates of which it becomes aware.  Buyer s remedy for breach of the interim operating covenants by Sunningdale or any of its Affiliates shall be limited to 100% of the dollar amount of Irene s aggregate recovery under the SPA. 

6.2        Access to Seller  .  Between the date of this Agreement and Closing, and upon reasonable advance notice, Seller will afford or will cause to be afforded to Buyer or authorized representatives of Buyer, reasonable access during normal business hours to the Books and Records, other documents and data, properties, assets, premises, offices, plants and other facilities to the extent related to the Assets as Buyer may reasonably request;   provided, however  , that Buyer and any authorized representatives of Buyer shall not materially or unduly interfere with any of the operations or business activities of Seller.  Seller shall not be required to provide access to, or disclose, information to the extent such access or disclosure would violate any attorney-client privilege or contravene any Legal Requirement or binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement.  Buyer shall not and shall procure that none of its Affiliates or any officer, employee, agent or adviser of Buyer or its Affiliates shall make use of or divulge to any other person (other than to Buyer s professional advisers for any purposes of this Agreement) any confidential information relating to the Business or Seller which Buyer may obtain in the exercise of its rights under this   Section  6.2  . 

6.3        No Solicitation of Other Bids  .  Seller shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates or any of its or their representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal.  Seller shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated, and shall cause its Affiliates and all of its and their representatives to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal.  For purposes hereof,    Acquisition Proposal    means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person (other than Buyer or any of its Affiliates) relating to the direct or indirect disposition, whether by sale, merger or otherwise, of all or any portion of the Business or the Assets other than as contemplated by the  

-19- 

SPA.   Seller agrees that the rights and remedies for noncompliance with this   Section  6.3   shall include having such provision specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to Buyer and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Buyer 

6.4        Confidentiality  . 

(a)        Non-Disclosure by Seller  .  Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, treat and hold confidential all of the Confidential Information, refrain from using any of the Confidential Information, except in connection with this Agreement or the other Related Agreements, and, after Closing, deliver promptly to Buyer or destroy, at the request and option of Buyer, all tangible embodiments (and all copies) of the Confidential Information which are in its possession.  In the event that Seller or any of its Affiliates is requested or required by Legal Requirement to disclose any Confidential Information, Seller or its Affiliates, as the case may be, will notify Buyer promptly of the request or requirement so that Buyer may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the provisions of this   Section  6.4(a)  .  If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, Seller or any of its Affiliates is, on the advice of counsel, compelled to disclose any Confidential Information to any Governmental Authority or else stand liable for contempt, Seller or its Affiliates, as the case may be, may disclose the Confidential Information to the Governmental Authority;   provided  ,    however  , that Seller or its Affiliate, as applicable, shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain, at the request and expense of Buyer, an order or other assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Confidential Information required to be disclosed as Buyer shall designate.  The foregoing provisions shall not apply to any Confidential Information which is (i) generally available to the public immediately prior to the time of disclosure (other than through a breach of this Agreement by Seller or any of its Affiliates) or (ii) lawfully acquired by Seller, any of its Affiliates or their respective representatives from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Confidential Information    shall mean non-public proprietary and confidential information concerning the financial data, strategic business plans, product development (or other proprietary product data), customer lists, customer information, costs, pricing, materials, supplies, venders, products, database information, services, information relating to governmental relations, discoveries, practices, processes, methods, marketing plans, and other material non-public, proprietary and confidential information of Seller, Buyer or relating to the Business or the Assets. 

(b)        Non-Disclosure by Buyer  .  Prior to Closing, Buyer shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, treat and hold confidential all of the Confidential Information, refrain from using any of the Confidential Information, except in connection with this Agreement or the other Related Agreements.  In the event that Buyer or any of its Affiliates is requested or required by Legal Requirement to disclose any Confidential Information, Buyer or its Affiliates, as the case may be, will notify Seller promptly of the request or requirement so that Seller may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the provisions of this   Section  6.4(b)  .  If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, Buyer or any of its Affiliates is, on the advice of counsel, compelled to disclose any Confidential Information to any Governmental Authority or else stand liable for contempt, Buyer or its Affiliates, as the case may be, may disclose the Confidential Information to the Governmental Authority;   provided  ,    however  , that Buyer or its  

-20- 

Affiliate, as applicable, shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain, at the request and expense of Seller, an order or other assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Confidential Information required to be disclosed as Seller shall designate.  The foregoing provisions shall not apply to any Confidential Information which is (i) generally available to the public immediately prior to the time of disclosure (other than through a breach of this Agreement by Buyer or any of its Affiliates) or (ii) lawfully acquired by Buyer, any of its Affiliates or their respective representatives from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation.   

(c)      The provisions of this   Section  6.4   shall survive the Closing under this Agreement. 

6.5        Notification  .  From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of any event, occurrence, condition, development, change or state of facts the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, any representation or warranty made by Seller hereunder not being true and correct, or (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in   Section  9   to be satisfied.  Buyer s receipt of information pursuant to this   Section  6.5   shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by Seller in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Schedules. 

6.6        Public Announcements  .  Buyer and Seller will in good faith consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.         

6.7        Bulk Transfers  .  Buyer and Seller each waive compliance by the other with Legal Requirements relating to bulk transfers that may be applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Any liabilities arising out of the failure of Seller to comply with the Legal Requirements related to bulk transfer which would not otherwise constitute Assumed Liabilities shall be treated as Excluded Liabilities.     

6.8        Receivables  .  From and after the Closing, if Seller or any of its Affiliates receives or collects any funds relating to any Accounts Receivable or any other Asset, Seller or its Affiliate shall remit such funds to Buyer within five (5) Business Days after its receipt thereof.  From and after the Closing, if Buyer or its Affiliate receives or collects any funds which properly belong to Seller, Buyer or its Affiliate shall remit any such funds to Seller within five (5) Business Days after its receipt thereof. Buyer shall undertake commercially reasonable best efforts to collect the Accounts Receivable subject to all applicable Legal Requirements.  

6.9        Further Assurances; Satisfaction of Covenants  .  Prior to and after Closing, each of Seller and Buyer, at either Party s request and without further consideration, shall execute, or cause to be executed, such documents and other papers and take or cause to be taken such further action as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Seller and Buyer shall each use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy each of its covenants and obligations under this  

-21- 

Agreement and to satisfy each condition to Closing it is required to satisfy under this Agreement (other than those conditions contemplated to be satisfied at Closing) prior to Closing and so as to permit Closing to occur by the Outside Closing Date                  . 

6.10        Tax Matters  .     

(a)        Transfer Taxes  .  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, all excise, transfer, documentary, sales, use, value added, stamp, registration, recording, conveyance, franchise, property and other similar Taxes, levies, charges and fees (including any penalties and interest imposed with respect to such Taxes) incurred in connection with the conveyance of the Assets by Seller to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement (   Transfer Taxes   ) and such Transfer Taxes shall be borne solely by Seller;   provided  ,     that Seller and Buyer shall cooperate to reduce, to the extent commercially feasible, any such Transfer Taxes.  The Party that is required by applicable law to make the filings, reports, or returns with respect to any applicable Transfer Taxes shall do so on a timely basis, and the other Party shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary. 

(b)        All Other Taxes  .  Seller shall be responsible for, and shall indemnify Buyer against, all Pre-Closing Taxes, and Buyer shall be responsible for, and shall indemnify Seller against, all Post-Closing Taxes.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Pre-Closing Taxes    shall mean (i) any Taxes imposed on Seller for a Pre-Closing Tax Period, (ii) any Taxes of Seller arising in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Transfer Taxes), and (iii) Taxes attributable to the use and ownership of the Assets or the conduct of the Business during the Pre Closing Tax Period, in each case, other than (x) Transfer Taxes that are the responsibility of Buyer pursuant to   Section  6.10(a)   and (y) any sales Taxes that are the responsibility of Buyer pursuant to   Section  6.10(d)  .  For purposes of this Agreement,    Post-Closing Taxes    shall mean (i) Taxes attributable to the use and ownership of the Assets or the conduct of the Business during the Post-Closing Tax Period, and (ii) Transfer Taxes that are the responsibility of Buyer pursuant to   Section  6.10(a)  , in each case, other than any sales Taxes that are the responsibility of Seller pursuant to   Section  6.10(d)  . 

(c)        Straddle Period Allocation  .  Except as otherwise provided in this   Section  6.10  , in the case of Taxes (including property Taxes and ad valorem Taxes) for a taxable period which includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date (a    Straddle Period   ), the amount of Taxes allocable to the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be deemed to be (i) in the case of Taxes imposed on a periodic basis (such as real or personal property Taxes), the amount of Taxes for the entire period (or, in the case of such Taxes determined on an arrears basis, the amount of such Taxes for the immediately preceding period) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Straddle Period ending on and including the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in the entire Straddle Period, and (ii) in the case of Taxes not described in (i) above (such as franchise Taxes or Taxes that are based on or related to income or receipts), the amount of Taxes determined as if such Taxable period ended on the Closing Date based on a  closing of the books  methodology. 

(d)        Certain Straddle Period Sales Taxes  .  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary: 

-22- 

(1)      In the event sales Taxes become due and payable with respect to sales made by Seller on or prior to the Closing Date but for which payment is received from a customer by Buyer after the Closing Date, Buyer shall collect and remit such sales Taxes, and file any applicable sales Tax Returns with respect thereto, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law; 

(2)      In the event Seller is required to pay sales Taxes with respect to sales made by Seller on or prior to the Closing Date but for which payment is received from a customer by Buyer after the Closing Date, upon receipt of proof of payment of such sales Taxes, Buyer shall promptly reimburse Seller for any such Taxes paid by Seller as and when Buyer collects such payments from such customers; and 

(3)      In the event Buyer is required to pay sales Taxes with respect to sales made by Seller on or prior to the Closing Date but for which payment was received from a customer by Seller before or after the Closing Date, upon receipt of proof of payment of such sales Taxes, Seller shall promptly reimburse Buyer for any such Taxes paid by Buyer. 

(e)        Tax Refunds and Credits  .  Any Tax refunds received by Buyer or any Affiliate thereof, and any amounts credited against Tax to which Buyer or any Affiliate thereof become entitled, that relate to Pre-Closing Taxes or that are attributable to Taxes for which Seller is responsible under this Agreement shall be for the account of Seller, and Buyer promptly shall pay over to Seller any such refund or the amount of any such credit after receipt or entitlement thereto.  Any Tax refunds received by Seller or any Affiliate thereof, and any amounts credited against Tax to which Seller or any Affiliate thereof become entitled, that relate to Post-Closing Taxes or that are otherwise attributable to Taxes for which Buyer is responsible under this Agreement shall be for the account of Buyer, and Seller promptly shall pay over to Buyer any such refund or the amount of any such credit after receipt or entitlement thereto. 

(f)        Cooperation on Tax Matters  .  After the Closing, Seller and Buyer shall cooperate, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to cooperate, with each other in connection with the preparation or audit of any Tax Return(s), any refund claim or any Tax audits, Tax disputes or administrative, judicial or other proceedings related to any Taxes with respect to the Assets or otherwise contemplated by   Section  6.10  .  Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, the services of the Chief Financial Officer of Seller as such services were provided to Seller immediately prior to Closing, the retention, and (upon the other Party s reasonable request) the provision of records and information relating to Taxes to the extent relevant to the Assets, the Business, the Assumed Liabilities or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than records and information that are protected by recognized professional privilege.  The Party requesting assistance hereunder shall reimburse the assisting Party for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing assistance;   provided  , that such out-of-pocket expenses shall not include any amounts paid to any employee, agent or adviser of the assisting Party or the cost of providing any records relating to sales taxes.  The Buyer and the Seller will retain for the full period of any statute of limitations and provide the other with any records or information which may be relevant to such preparation, audit, examination, proceeding or determination, other than records or information that are protected by recognized professional privilege.    

-23- 

(g)        Resale Certificate  .  Buyer shall take all reasonable actions required to obtain a valid resale certificate (the    Resale Certificate   ), including obtaining a California Seller s Permit, if required to provide the Resale Certificate.     

6.11        Employees  .   

(a)      Seller shall be solely responsible for, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for, any compensation or other amounts payable to any current or former employee, officer, director, independent contractor or consultant of Seller, including, without limitation, hourly pay, commission, bonus, salary, accrued vacation, fringe, pension or profit sharing benefits or severance pay for any period relating to the service with Seller at any time on or prior to the Closing Date and Seller shall pay all such amounts to all entitled persons on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(b)      Seller shall remain solely responsible for, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for, the satisfaction of all claims under the Company Plans, including, but not limited to, medical, dental, life insurance, health accident or disability benefits brought by or in respect of current or former employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants of the Business or the spouses, dependents or beneficiaries thereof.  Seller also shall remain solely responsible for, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for, any and all worker s compensation claims of any current or former employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants of Seller which relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing Date.  Seller shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such amounts to the appropriate persons as and when due. 

(c)      Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, (i) shall confer upon any employee of Seller, or legal representative or beneficiary thereof, any rights or remedies, including any right to employment or continued employment for any specified period, or compensation or benefits of any nature or kind whatsoever under this Agreement, (ii) shall amend, or be deemed to amend, any Company Plan, or (iii) is intended to, or does, constitute the establishment of, or an amendment to, any Company Plan.   

6.12        SPA Working Capital Adjustment  .  At Seller s expense, Buyer shall provide Seller (or its designee) reasonable assistance and cooperation in connection with the purchase price adjustment mechanism set forth in the SPA upon three (3) Business Days  prior written notice to Buyer by Seller. 

6.13        True Sale  .  The Parties agree that the sale of the Accounts Receivable pursuant to this Agreement shall be accounted for as a true sale from Seller to Buyer.  In addition, the Parties intend that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement be true sales by Seller to Buyer that irrevocably transfer and relinquish Seller s ownership rights with respect to the purchased Accounts Receivable, terminate any rights to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of such Accounts Receivable and provides Buyer with the full benefits of ownership of such Accounts Receivable, and neither Seller nor Buyer intends the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be characterized as a loan from Buyer to Seller for any reason. 

6.14        Goods in Transit  .  Seller hereby agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit its Affiliates to, make any payment of amounts due and payable by Seller to any third party supplier  

-24- 

with respect to any Inventory that is in transit on the Closing Date without the prior written consent of Buyer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  For purposes of clarification, it shall be unreasonable for Buyer to withhold consent to payment for goods which substantially conform to their specifications.  Seller shall notify Buyer in writing as soon as practicable in advance of any deadline for payment of such amounts and Buyer shall have five (5) Business Days from receipt of such notice to provide Seller with its consent (or its determination not to provide such consent).  In the event Buyer does not consent as set forth in the preceding sentence, Seller shall pay to Buyer the value of the Inventory as to which Buyer did not consent to payment (such value to be determined in accordance with   Section  3.3(a)(i)(3)  .  Buyer and Seller shall cooperate and good faith seek to mutually agree on the treatment of non-conforming goods for which payment was denied pursuant to this   Section  6.14  .  

7.        Maintenance of Books and Records  . 

7.1        Buyer  .  In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made against or incurred by Seller prior to the Closing, or for any other reasonable purpose, for a period of seven (7) years after the Closing, Buyer shall: 

(a)      retain the Books and Records relating to periods prior to the Closing in a manner reasonably consistent with the prior practices of Seller; and 

(b)      upon reasonable notice, afford Seller s representatives reasonable access (including the right to make, at Seller s expense, photocopies), during normal business hours, to such Books and Records. 

7.2        Seller  .  In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made by or against or incurred by Buyer after the Closing, or for any other reasonable purpose, for a period of seven (7) years following the Closing, Seller shall: 

(a)      retain the books and records (including personnel files) of Seller which relate to the Business and its operations for periods prior to the Closing; and 

(b)      upon reasonable notice, afford Buyer s representatives reasonable access (including the right to make, at Buyer s expense, photocopies), during normal business hours, to such books and records. 

7.3        Limitations  .  Neither Buyer nor Seller shall be obligated to provide the other Party with access to any books or records (including personnel files) pursuant to this   Section  7   where such access would violate any Legal Requirement. 

8.        Conditions Precedent to Buyer s Obligations  .  The obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the Closing Date (as provided herein), of the following conditions: 

8.1        Representations and Warranties of Seller  .  The representations and warranties of Seller made on behalf of itself in this Agreement and any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall be true, complete and correct in all respects (in the case of any representation  

-25- 

or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) or in all material respects (in the case of any representation or warranty not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect), at and as of the Closing with the same effect as if made at and as of the Closing, except for any representation or warranty that is made as of a specified date, which representation or warranty will be true, complete and correct as of such specified date    . 

8.2        Covenants  .  Seller shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants and agreements required by this Agreement and each of the Related Agreements to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing 

8.3        Action; Judgments  .  No Action shall have been commenced against Buyer or Seller, which would prevent the Closing.  On the Closing Date, there will not be in effect any judgment, decree, order or other prohibition having the force of law that would reasonably be expected to prevent or make unlawful the Closing. 

8.4        Closing Deliverables  .  Seller shall have furnished to Buyer the following: 

(a)      the Transitional Services Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Seller; 

(b)      the License Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Licensor; 

(c)      the Bill of Sale, dated the Closing Date and substantially in the form of   Exhibit D   hereto (the    Bill of Sale   ), duly executed by an authorized representative of Seller; 

(d)      the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date and substantially in the form of   Exhibit E   hereto (the    Assignment and Assumption Agreement   ), duly executed by an authorized representative of Seller; 

(e)      the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Seller and countersigned by ABN AMRO; 

(f)      the Books and Records;  

(g)      a certificate, dated the Closing Date and duly executed by the Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller, certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of Seller authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; and 

(h)      a certificate, dated the Closing Date and executed by a duly authorized officer of Seller, certifying that each of the conditions set forth in   Sections  8.1  ,     8.2   and    8.3   have been satisfied. 

-26- 

8.5        SPA Closing  .  The SPA Closing shall have occurred. 

8.6        Canadian APA Closing  .  The Canadian APA Closing shall have occurred substantially concurrently with the Closing. 

8.7        Execution of ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement  .    Seller shall have provided evidence satisfactory to Buyer that all other parties to the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement have executed and delivered their respective signature pages thereto and the final executed ABN AMRO Escrow agreement shall be in a form acceptable to Buyer in its sole and absolute discretion.  

9.        Conditions Precedent to Seller s Obligations  .  The obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the Closing Date (as provided herein), of the following conditions: 

9.1        Representations and Warranties of Buyer  .  The representations and warranties of Buyer made on behalf of itself in this Agreement and any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall be true, complete and correct in all respects (in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality) or in all material respects (in the case of any representation or warranty not qualified by materiality), at and as of the Closing with the same effect as if made at and as of the Closing, except for any representation or warranty that is made as of a specified date, which representation or warranty will be true, complete and correct as of such specified date. 

9.2        Covenants  .  Buyer shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants and agreements required by this Agreement and each of the Related Agreements to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing    . 

9.3        Actions; Judgments  .  No Action shall have been commenced against Buyer or Seller, which would prevent the Closing.  On the Closing Date, there will not be in effect any judgment, decree, order or other prohibition having the force of law that would reasonably be expected to prevent or make unlawful the Closing.  

9.4        Closing Deliverables  .  Buyer shall have furnished to Seller or ABN AMRO, as applicable, the following: 

(a)      the Base Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds from the PC Escrow Account to the ABN AMRO Escrow Account; 

(b)      the Transitional Services Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Buyer; 

(c)      the License Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Buyer; 

(d)      the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized representative of Buyer;  

(e)      the ABN AMRO Escrow Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly  

-27- 

executed by an authorized representative of Buyer;  

(f)      a certificate, dated the Closing Date and duly executed by the Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Buyer, certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the members and the co-managing members of Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby;  

(g)      a certificate, dated the Closing Date and executed by a duly authorized officer of Buyer, certifying that each of the conditions set forth in   Sections  9.1  ,     9.2   and    9.3   have been satisfied; and  

(h)      a Resale Certificate.  

9.5        SPA Closing  .  The SPA Closing shall have occurred. 

10.        Indemnification  . 

10.1        Survival  .  The Parties agree that the representations and warranties of the Parties set forth in   Sections  4.1  ,     4.2  ,     4.3  ,     4.4  ,     5.1  ,     5.2  ,     5.3   and    5.5   (the    Fundamental Representations   ) shall survive indefinitely and all other representations and warranties of the Parties shall survive for twelve (12) months following the Closing. This   Section  10.1   shall not limit any rights (a) to indemnification with respect to breach of any of the covenants or agreements of the other Party set forth in this Agreement or (b) Losses of Buyer Indemnitees under   Section  10.2(a)(iii)   or of Seller Indemnitees under   Section  10.2(b)(iii)  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any representation or warranty in respect of which indemnity may be sought under this Agreement shall survive the time at which it would otherwise terminate if (and solely with regards to) written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of a claim pursuant to such representation or warranty giving rise to such right of indemnity shall have been given to the Party against whom such indemnity may be sought prior to the expiration of such survival period. 

10.2        Indemnification  . 

(a)      Subject to the limitations set forth in this   Section  10  , from and after the Closing Date, Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless, Buyer and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, stockholders, members, employees and agents (collectively,    Buyer Indemnitees   ) from, against and in respect of damages, losses, liabilities, obligations or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) (   Losses   ) incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, the Buyer Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(i)      any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except  

-28- 

for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); 

(ii)      any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement;  

(iii)      the Excluded Liabilities;  

(iv)      without duplication, Taxes for which Seller is responsible pursuant to   Section  6.10  ; or 

(v)      any Third Party Claim based upon, resulting from or arising out of the operation of the Business by Seller or any of its Affiliates (other than the Assets or Assumed Liabilities) conducted, existing or arising on or prior to the Closing Date.  

(b)      Subject to the limitations set forth in this   Section  10  , from and after the Closing Date, Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless, Seller and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, stockholders, members, employees and agents (collectively,    Seller Indemnitees   ) from, against and in respect of Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, the Seller Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(i)      any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); 

(ii)      any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement; 

(iii)      the Assumed Liabilities;  

(iv)      without duplication, Taxes for which Buyer is responsible pursuant to   Section  6.10  ; or  

(v)      any Third Party Claim based upon, resulting from or arising out of the operation of the Business by Buyer or any of its Affiliates from and after the Closing Date. 

10.3        Procedures  . 

(a)      Promptly after obtaining knowledge of any matter that a Buyer Indemnitee or Seller Indemnitee, as applicable (the    Indemnified Party   ), believes will entitle the Indemnified Party to indemnification from the other Party (the    Responsible Party   ) under this   Section  10  , the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Responsible Party written notice describing the matter in reasonable detail, including the nature of the claim, the basis for the indemnification obligation and the estimated amount of Losses resulting therefrom to the extent then feasible (which estimate shall not be conclusive of the final amount of such claim) (a    Notice of Claim   ).  To the extent  

-29- 

that any such matter relates to any Third Party Claim, such claim, action, suit or proceeding will be governed by   Section  10.3(b  ) below.  For claims for indemnification under this   Section  10   other than those relating to Third Party Claims, the Responsible Party shall have thirty (30) days after its receipt of the Notice of Claim to respond to the claim(s) described therein.  Such response shall set forth, in reasonable detail, the Responsible Party s objection(s), if any, to the claim(s) and its basis for such objection(s).  If the Responsible Party fails to provide such a response with such time period, the Responsible Party will be deemed to have conceded the claim(s) set forth in the Notice of Claim.  If the Responsible Party provides its response within such time period, the Indemnified Party and the Responsible Party shall negotiate the resolution of the claim(s) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days after such response is provided.  If the Responsible Party and the Indemnified Party are unable to resolve any such claim(s) within such time period, the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to pursue any legal remedies available to the Indemnified Party against the Responsible Party with respect solely to the unresolved claim(s), subject to the other provisions of this   Section  10  . 

(b)      If a claim, action, suit or proceeding by a Person other than a Party hereto or its respective Affiliates (a    Third Party Claim   ) is made against any Indemnified Party, and if such Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnification with respect thereto under this   Section  10  , such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Responsible Party of such claims;   provided  ,    however  , that the failure to so notify shall not relieve the Responsible Party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that the Responsible Party is actually prejudiced thereby. 

(c)      The Responsible Party shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to elect to assume the conduct and control, at the expense of the Responsible Party, of the settlement or defense thereof, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with it in connection therewith;   provided  , that the Responsible Party shall permit the Indemnified Party to participate in such settlement or defense through counsel chosen by such Indemnified Party and the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be borne by the Indemnified Party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Responsible Party shall not be entitled to assume control of the defense as to any matter, and if subject to indemnification under this   Section  10  , shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel selected and retained by the Indemnified Party, if: (i) the Responsible Party does not elect to undertake the defense of such Third Party Claim within thirty (30) days after the receipt of the Indemnified Party s Notice of Claim; or (ii) the claim for indemnification directly relates to any criminal proceeding, action or indictment against the Indemnified Party (collectively, the    Litigation Control Conditions   ).  If the claim meets one or more of the Litigation Control Conditions, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to assume control of the defense of the claim but shall not thereby waive any right to indemnification therefor pursuant to this Agreement;   provided, however  , that the Indemnified Party shall not consent to an entry of judgment or settle such claim without the prior written consent of the Responsible Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  The Responsible Party shall be permitted independently to consent to an entry of judgment or settle any Third Party Claim;   provided   that in the event such judgment or settlement includes any obligation being imposed on the Indemnified Party other than the payment of cash, then such judgment or settlement shall not be entered into without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party. 

-30- 

(d)      Any Indemnified Party shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with the Responsible Party and its attorneys in the investigation, trial and defense of any Third Party Claim and any appeal arising therefrom and, at the expense of the Responsible Party, shall furnish such books, records, information and testimony, and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials and appeals as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith.  Such cooperation shall include access during normal business hours afforded to the Responsible Party and its agents and representatives to, and reasonable retention by the Indemnified Party of, books, records and information which have been identified by the Responsible Party as being reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, including with respect to any Tax-related Third Party Claim, causing Buyer to make available to Seller or its representative Tax Returns and related work papers, and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.  The Parties shall cooperate with each other in any notifications to insurers. 

(e)      Within five (5) Business Days after it is determined pursuant to this   Section  10   that any amount is due to any Buyer Indemnitee such amount shall be paid by Seller, in each such case, in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to Buyer s account.  Within five (5) Business Days after it is determined pursuant to this   Section  10   that any amount is due to any Seller Indemnitee under this   Section  10  , such amount shall be paid by Buyer, in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to Seller s designated account.  If any payment required under this   Section  10.3(e  ) is not made in full within five (5) Business Days after it is determined under this   Section  10   that such payment is due, the unpaid part of such payment will thereafter bear simple interest at a rate equal to the prime rate as disclosed in The Wall Street Journal   plus   9% per annum or, if such rate exceeds the maximum rate allowed by law, at the maximum rate allowed by law, until paid in full. 

10.4        Limitations on Indemnification Obligations  .  The rights of Buyer Indemnitees and Seller Indemnitees to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of   Section  10.2   are subject to the following limitations    :   

(a)      In no event shall the aggregate liability of Seller and its Affiliates or Buyer and its Affiliates hereunder exceed the Purchase Price.  

(b)        Section  10.4   shall not apply to Losses based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reasons of (i) the fraud or willful misconduct of the other Party or (ii) any inaccuracy in or breach of any Fundamental Representation. 

(c)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, neither Party will be liable to the other Party or its Affiliates for any loss of future revenue, income, or profits or for any punitive damages in connection with this Agreement or any of the Related Agreements;   provided  ,    however  , that this limitation shall not apply to claims for Losses resulting from or arising out of fraud or willful misconduct on the part of either Party. 

(d)      Without limiting the effect of any other limitation contained in this   Section  10  , for purposes of computing the amount of any Losses incurred by an Indemnified Party hereunder, there shall be deducted an amount equal to the amount of any insurance proceeds,  

-31- 

indemnification payments, contribution payments or reimbursements actually received by such Indemnified Party in connection with such Losses (it being agreed that, promptly after the realization of any such reduction of Losses pursuant hereto, such Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Responsible Party for such reduction in Losses for which such Indemnified Party was indemnified prior to the realization of reduction of Losses). 

(e)      Buyer and Seller shall cooperate with each other with respect to resolving any claim or liability with respect to which one Party is obligated to indemnify the other Party under this   Section  10  , including by making commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the amount of Losses, whether by seeking the benefits of any insurance, indemnity, contribution or other payments or recoveries of a like nature applicable to such Losses or otherwise.   

(f)      Without limiting the effect of any other limitation contained in this   Section  10  , the calculation of Losses shall not include losses arising because of a change after Closing in Legal Requirements or accounting principle.   

(g)      All materiality qualifications contained in the representations and warranties of the Parties set forth in this Agreement (however they may be phrased and including the term  Material Adverse Effect ) shall be ignored and not given any effect for purposes of determining Losses under this   Section  10  . 

10.5        Sole Remedy  . 

(a)      Except for (i) claims arising out of fraud or willful misconduct by a Party (for which the other Parties may seek any remedy available to it in law or in equity); or (ii) the ability of the Parties to seek equitable remedies in accordance with   Section  22  , the indemnification rights provided pursuant to this   Section  10   shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of the Parties and their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, agents, representatives, successors and assigns for any breach of any representations and warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement. 

(b)      Any liability for indemnification under this   Section  10   shall be determined without duplication of recovery by reason of the set of facts giving rise to such liability constituting a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking, or one or more rights to indemnification.  Neither Party shall have liability for breach of a representation or warranty or covenant if and to the extent the other Party has been compensated pursuant to a Purchase Price adjustment pursuant to   Section  3.3  . 

10.6        Certain Rules  .  The indemnification obligations in this   Section  10   are for the benefit of the Indemnified Parties and their officers, directors and employees.  Unless otherwise required by applicable law, any indemnity payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated by the Parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for all federal, state, local and foreign Tax purpos  es. 

11.        Termination  . 

11.1        Termination  .  This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing, by written  

-32- 

notice by the Party seeking to terminate, only in accordance with the following  : 

(a)      At any time by mutual written consent of Seller and Buyer; 

(b)      By Seller or by Buyer if the Closing has not taken place on or before the Outside Closing Date other than by reason of a breach or default of any of the covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement by the Party seeking to terminate;  

(c)      Automatically, upon termination of the SPA; or 

(d)      By Seller or by Buyer, at any time, if the other Party is then in material breach of any of its representations or warranties or is then in material default with respect to any of its covenants and agreements under this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in   Sections  8   or    9   and the Party in breach or default does not cure such breach or default within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is delivered to the non-terminating Party;   provided  , that the terminating Party is not also in material breach or material default under this Agreement. 

11.2        Surviving Obligations  .  In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Buyer or Seller pursuant to   Section  11  , prompt written notice thereof will be given to the other Party and this Agreement will terminate without further action by any of the Parties hereto.  In such event, (i) neither Party will have any further obligation or liability to the other Party pursuant to or by reason of this Agreement, except for such Party s obligations set forth in   Sections  6.4  ,     11.2  ,     12   and    21  , and (ii) neither Cherokee nor HMSSI, Inc., an Affiliate of Seller, shall have any further obligation or liability to the other party pursuant to or by reason of that certain Non-Disclosure/Non-Circumvent Agreement, effective as of July 28, 2015, by and between Cherokee and HMSSI, Inc.  Notwithstanding a Party s right to pursue remedies for breach of contract upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with   Section  11.1(d)  , no remedies for breaches of representations and warranties will be available if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to   Section  11  . 

12.        Expenses  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay its own expenses incurred in connection with the authorization, preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement, including all fees and expenses of brokers, counsel, accountants, agents and other representatives. 

13.        Time  .  Time is of the essence under this Agreement.  If the last day permitted for the giving of any notice or the performance of any act required or permitted under this Agreement falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the time for the giving of such notice or the performance of such act will be extended to the next succeeding Business Da    y. 

14.        Entire Agreement  .  Buyer and Seller agree that this Agreement, including the Schedules and all Exhibits to this Agreement and any other written document or instrument delivered in connection with this Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior understandings and agreements with respect thereto.  

-33- 

15.        Assignment; Successors  .  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or delegated, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any such assignment without such prior written consent will be null and void;   provided, however  , that Buyer may assign this Agreement or any of its rights under this Agreement to any Affiliate of Buyer without the prior consent of Seller;   provided still further  , that no assignment will limit the assignor s obligations under this Agreement.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.     

16.        Notices  .  All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed delivered upon the earlier of (i) the date of actual receipt, (ii) the date of delivery of email transmission and having confirmation of such receipt, (iii) three (3) Business Days after being deposited in certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or (iv) the following Business Day after being delivered by a reputable overnight courier service, to the Persons and at the addresses specified below.  The furnishing of any notice or communication required under this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Party entitled to receive such notice.  Failure or delay in delivering copies of any notice to persons designated above to receive copies will in no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such notice or communication. 

If to Seller, Irene or Cherokee:  

5990 Sepulveda Boulevard  
					 
						 Suite 600  
					 
						 Sherman Oaks, California 91411  
					 
						 Attention:  President   
					 
						 Email:  howards@cherokeeglobalbrands.com  

With a copy (which shall  
					 
						 not constitute notice) to:  

Morrison   Foerster LLP  
					 
						 12531 High Bluff Drive  
					 
						 San Diego, California 92130  
					 
						 Attention: Scott M. Stanton, Esq.  
					 
						 Email:  sstanton@mofo.com  

If to Buyer:  

Carolina Footwear Group, LLC  
					 
						 34 West 33  rd   Street  
					 
						 New York, NY 10001  
					 
						 Attention: Max M. Mizrachi  
					 
						 Email: maxm@efny.com  

With a copy (which shall  
					 
						 not constitute notice) to:  

Pryor Cashman LLP  
					 
						 7 Times Square  
					 
						 New York, NY 10036  
					 
						 Attention:  Brad D. Rose, Esq.  
					 
						 Email: brose@pryorcashman.com   

or at such other address or addresses as may have been furnished in writing by any Party to the  

-34- 

others in accordance with the provisions of this   Section  16  . 

17.        Amendments and Waivers  .  Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of Seller and Buyer.  Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this   Section  17   will be binding upon each Party.  No such waiver will be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default of the same or similar nature. 

18.        Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement will be held or deemed to be, or will in fact be, invalid, inoperative or unenforceable because of the conflict of such provision with any constitution or statute or rule of public policy or for any other reason, such circumstance will not have the effect of rendering any other provision or provisions herein contained invalid, inoperative or unenforceable, but this Agreement will be reformed and construed as if such invalid, inoperative or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein and such provision reformed by the Parties so that it would be valid, operative and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted. 

19.        Construction  .  The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience and reference purposes only and will not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Terms used with initial capital letters will have the meanings specified, applicable to both singular and plural forms, for all purposes of this Agreement.  The word  include  and derivatives of that word are used in this Agreement in an illustrative sense rather than limiting sense and are deemed to mean  including, without limitation .  No presumption will apply in favor of any Party in the interpretation of this Agreement or the resolution of any ambiguity in any provision of this Agreement. 

20.        Counterparts  .  This Agreement (or any amendment or supplement) may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument, and will become effective when counterparts that together contain the signatures of each Party hereto will have been delivered to Seller and Buyer, which delivery may be by facsimile transmission or other electronic     means. 

21.        Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial  .  This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof.  Each of the Parties, in respect of itself and its properties, agrees to be subject to (and hereby irrevocably submits to) the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. federal or state court sitting in New York County, New York, in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, and irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court.  Each of the Parties irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable Legal Requirements, any objection to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

-35- 

22.        Specific Performance  .  The Parties acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for violations of this Agreement and that either Party may, in its sole discretion, apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance or injunctive or other relief (without the posting of any bond or other security) as such court may deem just and proper in order to enforce this Agreement or prevent any violation hereof by the other Party.  Any such specific or equitable relief granted will not be exclusive and an Indemnitee will also be entitled to seek money damages. 

23.        Guaranty of Performance  .        Cherokee hereby guarantees to Buyer, its successors and assigns the prompt and complete payment or performance of any and all liabilities or obligations of Seller under this Agreement (the    Cherokee Guaranty   ).  The Cherokee Guaranty is an absolute, unconditional, irrevocable, unlimited guaranty of payment and performance, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of any obligation of Seller and irrespective of any circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of Cherokee.  This Cherokee Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and covers all liabilities and obligations of Seller to Buyer.  Any and every liability or obligation of Seller to Buyer shall be exclusively presumed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Cherokee Guaranty.  This Cherokee Guaranty is a primary obligation of Cherokee and is a guaranty of payment and not merely of collection.  In no event may this guaranty be assigned by Cherokee, whether by operation of law or otherwise, unless Cherokee or its successor continues to be obligated hereunder.  Cherokee represents and warrants that: (a) Cherokee s execution and performance of the Cherokee Guaranty shall not (i) violate or result in a default or breach (immediately or with the passage of time) under any contract, agreement or instrument to which Cherokee is a party or by which Cherokee is bound, (ii) violate or result in a default or breach under any order, decree, award, injunction, judgment, law, regulation or rule, (iii) cause or result in the imposition or creation of any lien upon any property of Cherokee, or (iv) violate or result in a breach of the articles of incorporation or by-laws of Cherokee; (b) Cherokee has the full power and capacity to enter into and perform under the Cherokee Guaranty, which has been authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of Cherokee; (c) no consent, license or approval of, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution and performance hereof by Cherokee; (d) the Cherokee Guaranty constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Cherokee enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (e) the Cherokee Guaranty promotes and furthers the business and interests of Cherokee and the creation of the obligations hereunder will result in direct financial benefit to Cherokee.  Cherokee shall pay or reimburse Buyer on demand for all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by Buyer at any time to enforce, protect, preserve or defend its rights and remedies under the Cherokee Guaranty. 

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

-36- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 

SELLER  :  

HI-TEC SPORTS USA, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Simon Bonham  

Name:  

Simon Bonham  

Title:  

President  

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] 

-37- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 

and solely for purposes of   Section  6.1 

IRENE  :  

IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V.  

By:  

/s/ N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

Name:  

N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

Title:  

Directors  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  

Henry Stupp  

Title:  

Director  

-38- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written and solely for purposes of   Sections  11.2   and    23 

CHEROKEE  :  

CHEROKEE INC.  

By:  

/s/ Howard Siegel  

Name:  

Howard Siegel  

Title:  

President  

-39- 

BUYER  :  

Carolina Footwear Group, LLC  

By:  

/s/ Max Mizrachi  

Name:  

Max M. Mizrachi  

Title:  

Co-Managing Member  

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] 

-40- 

</EX-2.2>

<EX-2.3>
 4
 chke-20161029ex232278698.htm
 EX-2.3

chke_Ex2_3

Exhibit 2.3 

Dated 

November 29, 2016 

Asset Purchase Agreement 

between 

The Sellers listed in schedule 1 

and 

Irene Acquisition Company B.V.  

and 

Batra Limited 

-i- 

-ii- 

THIS AGREEMENT   is dated 29 November 2016 

PARTIES 

(1)    THE SELLERS   listed in Schedule 1 (together the    Sellers   );  

(2)    IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V.   incorporated and registered in the Netherlands with company number 67160921 whose registered office is at Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 JB Amsterdam, the Netherlands (the    Additional Warrantor   ); and 

(3)    BATRA LIMITED   incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 10352997 whose registered office is at Amba House, 2nd Floor Delson Suite, 15 College Road, Harrow, United Kingdom, HA1 1BA (the    Buyer   ). 

BACKGROUND 

The Sellers have agreed to sell, or procure the sale of, and the Buyer has agreed to buy, the Assets, with a view to carrying on the Business as a going concern, on the terms of this agreement. 

AGREED TERMS 

1.    Interpretation 

1.1  The following definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause apply in this agreement. 

Additional Warrantor s Solicitor:   means Morrison   Foerster (UK) LLP. 

Affiliate:    in relation to a body corporate, any subsidiary or holding company of such body corporate and any subsidiary of any such holding company for the time being. 

Aged Inventory:   Stock which has been owned by the Sellers for more than six (6) months as at 28 October 2016. 

Aged Inventory Cost:   means, in respect of the Aged Inventory, an amount equal to the cost price for such Aged Inventory as recorded in the Records. 

Apparel Licence:   the licence agreement relating to apparel and accessories between Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV and the Buyer dated on the same date as this agreement. 

Assets:   the property, rights and assets of the Sellers that comprise the Business (other than the Excluded Assets) as set out in Column (1) of Schedule 2 of this agreement, together with the Stock. 

Assumed Liabilities:   means: (1) all the liabilities or obligations of or relating to the Business or the Assets which arise on or after the Effective Time which relate to the period on or after the Effective Time; and (2) all liabilities and obligations relating to unshipped orders as at the Effective Time. 

1 

Awareness Warranties:   has the meaning given to it in clause 5.2. 

Book Debts:   all trade debts and amounts invoiced by the Sellers to their customers and owing by their customers to the Sellers at the Effective Time in respect of the Business. 

Business  :   the business of manufacturing, sale and distribution of Hi-Tec branded and Magnum branded footwear and apparel in accordance with the Footwear Licence and the Apparel Licence, as carried on by the Sellers at the Effective Time. 

Business Day:   a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday when banks in London are open for business. 

Buyer s Bank Account:   means such bank account of the Buyer as the Buyer notifies to the Sellers in writing not less than two (2) Business Days prior to Completion. 

Buyer Group:   the Buyer and each of its Affiliates. 

CAA 2001:   means the Capital Allowances Act 2001. 

Claim:    a claim under the Warranties or any other claim under this agreement. 

Completion:   the completion of the sale and purchase of the Business (comprising the Assets) pursuant to and in accordance with this agreement. 

Completion Date:   shall mean the Completion Date (as defined in the Primary SPA). 

Contracts:   means those contracts set out in Schedule 3 and any other contracts, arrangements, licences and other commitments relating solely to the Business entered into before the Effective Time and which remain to be performed by any party to them, in whole or in part, at the Effective Time save, for the avoidance of doubt, contracts of employment. 

Creditors:   all trade debts owing by the Sellers at the Effective Time to the trade creditors of the Sellers in the ordinary course of the Business (but excluding any Excluded Liabilities). 

Current Inventory:     Stock which has been owned by the Sellers for less than six (6) months as at the Completion Date.    

Current Inventory Cost:   means, in respect of the Current Inventory, the cost price for such Current Inventory as recorded in the Records. 

Customers:   the customers of the Business. 

Data Room:   means the documents copied onto each of two CD-ROMs initialled by a representative of each of the parties, an index of which is annexed to the Disclosure Letter. 

Deposit:    has the meaning given to it in clause 7.1. 

Disclosed:   disclosed in or under the Disclosure Letter. 

2 

Disclosure Letter:   a letter from the Sellers to the Buyer with the same date as this agreement together with the documents in the Data Room, as are specifically referred to in such letter. 

DPA:   means the Data Protection Act 1998. 

Effective Time:   means close of business on the Completion Date. 

Employees:   the employees of the Business at the Effective Time whose details are set out in Schedule 7. 

Encumbrance:    any interest or equity of any person (including any right to acquire or option or right of pre-emption) or any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment, hypothecation, security interest, title retention or any other security agreement or arrangement. 

Escrow Account:   means the escrow account between, inter alios, the Sellers, the  Buyer and ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 

Estimated Stock Amount:   means the sum of the items referred to in clauses 3.1(a) and 3.1(b). 

Exchange Rate:   means with respect to a particular currency for a particular day, the closing mid-point spot rate of exchange for that currency into Euro on such date as published in the London edition of the Financial Times first published thereafter or, where no such rate is published in respect of that currency for such date, at the rate quoted by HSBC Bank plc as at the close of business in London as at such date. 

Excluded Assets:   the Sellers  Intellectual Property Rights, the Retained Shares, Book Debts and any other rights and assets of the Sellers relating solely to any business of the Sellers other than the Business. 

Excluded Liabilities:   all the liabilities or obligations of or relating to the Business or Assets arising prior to the Effective Time other than the Assumed Liabilities. 

Expert:    has the meaning given to it in clause 8.4. 

GBP:   means Great British pound(s). 

Global Apparel Agreement:   the global apparel and sourcing agreement in the agreed form to be entered into between     Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV and the Dynoma Trading PTE. Limited at Completion. 

Final Consideration:   has the meaning given to it in clause 3.1. 

Footwear Licence:   the licence agreement relating to footwear between Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV and the Buyer dated on the same date as this agreement. 

Hi-Tec Group:   means Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV and its subsidiaries, as at the date of this agreement. 

Initial Consideration:   has the meaning given to it in clause 3.1. 

3 

Intellectual Property Rights:   patents, utility models, rights to inventions, copyright and neighbouring and related rights, moral rights, trade marks and service marks, business names and domain names, rights in get-up and trade dress, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, rights to use and protect the confidentiality of confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. 

IT System:   all computer hardware (including network and telecommunications equipment) and software (including associated preparatory materials, user manuals and other related documentation) owned, used, leased or licensed by the Sellers in relation to the Business. 

Lease:   the lease (including any supplemental documents) under which each of the Leasehold Properties is held, and   Leases   means all of them. 

Leasehold Properties:   the leasehold properties, particulars of which are set out in Schedule 8. 

Licence Condition:   has the meaning given to it in clause 4.1.    

Longstop Date:   means 23 December 2016. 

Losses:   includes all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all other reasonable professional costs and expenses). 

Morrison   Foerster Client Account:   means the bank account named Morrison   Foerster US$ Client Account and with the following details: US$CLIENT A/C No: MOFOCLAC-USDC; IBAN No: GB18 RBOS 1663 0000 1520 84. 

Morrison   Foerster Undertaking:   means the undertaking to be given by Morrison   Foerster (UK) LLP to Batra Limited in the agreed form. 

Notice Period Costs:   means the amount of salary paid (and calculated with reference to Column 3 of Schedule 7) by the Buyer to an Employee from the date that the Employee is given notice by the Buyer to terminate his or her employment agreement to the date that such Employee s employment is terminated. 

Objection Notice:   has the meaning given to it in Schedule 4. 

Part 1 Employee:   the Employees whose details are set out in Part 1 of Schedule 7. 

Part 1 Employee Indemnities:   has the meaning given to it in clause 12.1. 

Part 2 Employee:   the Employees whose details are set out in Part 2 of Schedule 7. 

Part 2 Employee Indemnities:   has the meaning given to it in clause 12.2. 

4 

Pre-contractual Statement:   means any agreement, undertaking, representation, warranty, promise, assurance or arrangement of any nature whatsoever (whether or not in writing, whether express or implied and whether or not in draft form) made or given by any person at any time prior to the execution of this agreement in connection with the sale and purchase of the Assets, with a view to the Buyer carrying on the Business as a going concern from the Effective Time. 

Primary SPA:   means the sale and purchase agreement to be entered into between Cherokee Inc. (or one or more of its assignees) and Sunningdale Corporation Limited on or around the date of this agreement in relation to the sale and purchase of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. 

Primary SPA Condition:   has the meaning given to it in clause 4.1. 

Quarter Period:   means each three-month period ending March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. 

Records:   the Sellers  books, accounts including the lists of Customers and suppliers and all the other documents, papers and records relating solely to the Business or any of the Assets. 

Redundancy Pay Costs  :  means the contractual and/or statutory redundancy payment paid (and calculated with reference to Column 4 of Schedule 7) by the Buyer to an Employee on the termination of his or her employment on the grounds of redundancy. 

Relevant Persons:   means Ed van Wezel, Martin Binnendijk, Ian Cameron, Ian Farr and Jan Geert Boeve. 

Retained Shares:   means any shares or securities legally or beneficially owned by the Sellers. 

Review Date:   has the meaning given to it in clause 11.5. 

Review Period:   has the meaning given to it in Schedule 4. 

Sellers:   the Sellers and their predecessors in title. 

Sellers  Bank Account:   means such bank account of the Sellers as the Sellers notifies to the Buyer in writing not less than two (2) Business Days prior to Completion. 

Sellers  Intellectual Property Rights:   Intellectual Property Rights owned, used or held for use by the Sellers or any member of the Sellers  Group. 

Sellers  Group:   the Sellers and each of their Affiliates. 

Stock:   the stock-in-trade of the Business at the Effective Time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, goods in transit), excluding the    Magnum    stock-in-trade of the Business related to France, more particularly described in Schedule 5. 

Stock Amount:   has the meaning given to it in Schedule 4. 

5 

Stock Schedule:   has the meaning given to it in Schedule 4. 

Sub-Lease  : means each of the sub-leases to be entered into between the Buyer and Hi-Tec Sports PLC in respect of the Leasehold Properties pursuant to clause 2.4. 

Tax:   all forms of taxation and statutory, governmental, state, federal, provincial, local, government or municipal charges, duties, imposts, contributions, levies, withholdings or liabilities wherever chargeable and whether of the UK or any other jurisdiction and any penalty, fine, surcharge, interest, charges or costs relating thereto including where applicable national insurance contributions. 

Tax Authority:   means any government, state or municipality or any local, state, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise authority, body or official competent to impose, administer, levy assess or collect Tax. 

Third-Party Consent:    a consent, licence, approval, authorisation or waiver required from a third party for the conveyance, transfer, assignment or novation in favour of the Buyer of any of the Assets in terms acceptable to the Buyer. 

Transaction:   the transaction contemplated by this agreement or any part of that transaction. 

Transitional Services Agreement:   the transitional services agreement in the agreed form to be entered into between     Hi-Tec Sports PLC and the Buyer at Completion. 

TUPE:   the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 as amended by the Collective Redundancies and Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Amendment Regulations 2014. 

USD:   means United States dollar(s). 

VAT:   value added tax chargeable under the Value Added Tax Act 1994 (or the equivalent provisions in France and the Netherlands, as the case may be) and any similar replacement or additional tax. 

VAT Records:   all records of the Sellers relating to the Business referred to in section 49 of the Value Added Tax Act 1994 (or the equivalent provisions in France and the Netherlands, as the case may be). 

Warranties:   the warranties set out in clause 5 and Schedule 9 (Warranties). 

W I Insurance Policy:   means the warranty and indemnity insurance policy entered into between the Additional Warrantor and AIG Europe Limited dated on or around the date of this agreement and in the form substantially similar to the draft forwarded by the Additional Warrantor s Solicitors to the Buyer s solicitors by email dated 23 November 2016.  

1.2  References to   clauses   and   Schedules   are to the clauses of, and Schedules to, this agreement, and references to   paragraphs   are to paragraphs of the relevant Schedule. 

1.3  The Schedules form part of this agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this agreement. 

6 

1.4  This agreement shall be binding on, and enure to the benefit of, the parties to this agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and a reference to a   party   shall include that party s successors and permitted assigns.  

1.5  A reference to a   company   shall include any company, corporation or other body corporate wherever and however incorporated or established. 

1.6  A reference to a   holding company   or a   subsidiary   means a holding company or a subsidiary (as the case may be) as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and only for the purposes of the membership requirement contained in sections 1159(1)(b) and (c). A company shall be treated as a member of another company even if its shares in that other company are registered in the name of: 

(a)  another person (or its nominee), by way of security or in connection with the taking of security; or 

(b)  its nominee. 

1.7  A reference to   writing   or   written   includes fax but not email (unless otherwise expressly provided in this agreement). 

1.8  Any words following the terms   including, include, in particular, for example   or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words, description, definition, phrase or term preceding those terms. Where the context permits,   other   and   otherwise   are illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding them. 

1.9  References to a document in   agreed form   are to that document in the form agreed by the parties and initialled by them or on their behalf for identification. 

1.10  References to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa and references to the masculine, the feminine and the neuter shall include each other such gender. 

1.11  Unless otherwise provided, a reference to a statute, statutory provision or subordinate legislation is a reference to it, as it is in force as at the date of this agreement. A reference to a statute or statutory provision shall include all subordinate legislation made as at the date of this agreement under that statute or statutory provision. 

2.    Agreement to Sell and Purchase 

2.1  On the terms set out in this agreement, and subject to clause 2.2, the Sellers shall sell with full title guarantee and free from all Encumbrances, or procure the sale with full title guarantee and free from all Encumbrances, and the Buyer shall purchase, with a view to carrying on the Business as a going concern, the Assets with effect from the Effective Time. 

2.2  The Buyer shall not acquire or assume any of the following under this agreement: 

(a)  the Excluded Assets; 

(b)  the Excluded Liabilities; 

7 

(c)  Creditors; 

(d)  any right of action to which the Sellers may be entitled (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), other than pursuant to or in connection with any Contract; 

(e)  all contracts and arrangements relating to the Business entered into outside the ordinary course of business; 

(f)  all of the Sellers  cash-in-hand or at the bank or at any other financial institution; 

(g)  the Sellers  accounts and accounting records which do not relate exclusively to the Business; and 

(h)  the benefit of any and all insurance claims and repayments arising before the Effective Time in relation to the Business. 

2.3  Subject to the Buyer s rights under clause 7.8, the sale and purchase of each of the Assets is interdependent and shall be completed simultaneously. 

2.4  Hi-Tec Sports PLC and the Buyer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that the Leasehold Properties shall be sub-let to the Buyer in accordance with Parts 2 and 3 of Schedule 8. Each of Hi-Tec Sports PLC and the Buyer shall use their reasonable endeavours, acting in good faith, to agree and enter into the documents referred to in Part 3 of Schedule 8 as soon as practicable after Completion and only once the consent of the landlord of the Leasehold Properties has been obtained.  Pending the Sub-Leases becoming effective, Hi-Tec Sports PLC agrees to provide the Buyer with access to the Leasehold Properties on the terms more particularly set out in the Transitional Services Agreement. 

2.5  The Initial Consideration shall be apportioned between the Assets in accordance with Column 2 of Schedule 2. 

2.6  It is acknowledged that the Apparel Licence and Footwear Licence have been executed on the date of this agreement, and that the Apparel Licence and Footwear Licence shall take effect from Completion. 

3.    Purchase Price and Adjustment 

3.1  Subject to clause 3.6, the purchase price for the Assets to be paid by the Buyer to the Sellers at Completion pursuant to this agreement shall be the sum of:  

(a)  100% of the estimate of Current Inventory Cost notified under clause 3.2(a) less the fixed sum of GBP 286,000 in respect of non-sellable Current Inventory; plus 

(b)  20% of the estimate of Aged Inventory Cost notified under clause 3.2(b); plus 

(c)  the aggregate of the values attributed to the other Assets as set out in Schedule 2,   

8 

(the    Initial Consideration   ), as adjusted pursuant to clause 3.3     (the Initial Consideration so adjusted being referred to hereinafter as the    Final Consideration   ).    

3.2  No later than four (4) Business Days prior to the Completion Date, the Sellers shall deliver to the Buyer their best estimate of:   

(a)  Current Inventory Cost; and 

(b)  Aged Inventory Cost, 

assuming Completion takes place on the Completion Date. 

3.3  The parties shall comply with the provisions of Schedule 4.    Within 5 Business Days, starting on the day after the Stock Amount becomes binding upon the parties in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4, the following payments shall be made: 

(a)  if the Stock Amount exceeds the Estimated Stock Amount, then the Buyer shall pay to the Sellers  Bank Account an amount equal to such excess; and  

(b)  if the Estimated Stock Amount exceeds the Stock Amount, then the Sellers shall pay to the Buyer s Bank Account an amount equal to such excess. 

3.4  Any payments required to be made under clause 3.3 shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated as adjusting the Initial Consideration. The Final Consideration shall be adopted for all Tax reporting purposes. 

3.5  The Final Consideration shall be deemed to be reduced by the amount of any payment made to the Buyer for a breach of any Warranty or for any payment made by the Sellers to the Buyer pursuant to clause 12. The reduction shall be attributed as nearly as possible to the Assets to which it relates. 

3.6  For the purposes of this clause 3 and Schedule 4, the maximum aggregate amount payable by the Buyer to the Sellers in respect of Current Inventory and Aged Inventory shall not exceed USD $5,500,000. 

4.    Condition Precedent 

4.1  Completion of the sale and purchase of the Assets, and performance of the obligations set out under this agreement by the Sellers and Buyer is subject to and conditional upon   (i) Cherokee Inc. or its assignee completing the acquisition of all of the share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV by the Longstop Date (the    Primary SPA Condition   ) and (ii) the execution of the Apparel Licence and the Footwear Licence (the    Licence Condition   ). 

4.2  If the Primary SPA Condition and the Licence Condition have not been satisfied by the Longstop Date, then unless otherwise agreed in writing between the parties prior to the Longstop Date, this agreement shall terminate immediately. 

4.3  If this agreement terminates in accordance with clause 4.2, it will immediately cease to have any further force and effect except that: 

9 

(a)  any provision of this agreement that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination of this agreement (including clause 1 (Interpretation), clause 4 (Condition Precedent), clause 6 (Limitations on Claims), clause 16 (Confidentiality and Announcements) and clause 19 (Entire Agreement) to clause 25 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) (inclusive)), each of which shall remain in full force and effect;  

(b)  no party shall have any liability to any other party in respect of the termination of this agreement; and 

(c)  any sums paid to the Additional Warrantor or the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor by the Buyer or its solicitors hereunder shall forthwith be repaid to the Buyer s solicitors, 

and save as aforesaid no party shall thereafter have any right against any other party under this agreement. 

5.    Warranties 

5.1  The Sellers and the Additional Warrantor jointly and severally warrant that each Warranty in Part 1 and each of the Warranties 6.1 to 6.4, 7.1, 10, 11, 12 and 13 in Part 2 and each of the Warranties 14 and 15 in Part 3 of Schedule 9 is true, accurate and not misleading on the date of this agreement. 

5.2  The Sellers and the Additional Warrantor jointly and severally warrant that the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor have made all enquiries they would reasonably be expected to make of and with Sunningdale Corporation Limited (being the seller named in the Primary SPA) in relation to Warranties 4, 5, 6.5 to 6.7, 7.2, 8 and 9 in Part 2 of Schedule 9 (together the    Awareness Warranties   ) and of and with each of the Relevant Persons in order to give the Awareness Warranties, and that to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor (having made such enquires), that the Awareness Warranties are true, accurate and not misleading on the date of this agreement. 

5.3  The Buyer warrants that each Warranty in Part 3 of Schedule 9 is true, accurate and not misleading on the date of this agreement. 

5.4  The Buyer acknowledges that the Additional Warrantor has received certain warranties under the Primary SPA (the    Primary Warranties   ), subject to the limitations set out in the Primary SPA, including but not limited to the Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Primary SPA). The parties agree that if a Claim arises under any of the Awareness Warranties as are substantially similar to Primary Warranties, and a claim may be validly made under the W I Insurance Policy in respect of such Primary Warranties, then the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor shall, at the Buyer s cost, jointly and severally procure that such a claim is made under the W I Insurance Policy, and shall hold any proceeds of such claim upon trust for the Buyer absolutely. 

10 

6.    Limitations on Claims 

6.1  The aggregate liability of the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor for all Claims under clause 5.4 (but not, for the avoidance of any doubt, under clauses 5.1,  5.2 and 5.3) shall not exceed the amount that the Sellers recover under the W I Insurance Policy. 

6.2  Neither the Sellers nor the Additional Warrantor shall be liable for a Claim unless notice in writing of the Claim, summarising the nature of the Claim (in so far as it is known to the Buyer) and, as far as is reasonably practicable, the amount claimed, has been given by or on behalf of the Buyer to the Sellers as soon as reasonably practicable, and no later than 45 days after the Buyer becomes aware of the Claim, and (with the exception of any Claim under clauses 11 and 12)  in any event not later than the first anniversary of the Completion Date. 

6.3  The aggregate liability of the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor for all Claims under this agreement shall not exceed the Final Consideration. 

6.4  Save as provided for in and with the exception of clauses 11 and 12, neither  the Sellers  nor the Additional Warrantor shall be liable for a Claim unless: 

(a)  the Sellers  or the Additional Warrantor s aggregate liability in respect of such Claim exceeds GBP 2,500; and 

(b)  the aggregate amount of all Claims for which it would, in the absence of this clause 6.4(b), be liable shall exceed GBP 20,000 and in such event the Sellers or the Additional Warrantor shall be liable for the excess amount. 

6.5  Neither the Sellers nor the Additional Warrantor shall be liable for a Claim to the extent that the facts, matters or circumstances of such Claim were Disclosed. 

6.6  The Buyer shall not be entitled to recover damages or obtain payment, reimbursement, restitution or indemnity more than once in respect of the same loss, regardless of whether more than one claim arises in respect of it, nor shall the Buyer be entitled to claim in respect of any contingent liability until such liability becomes an actual liability which is due and payable but the Buyer will for the avoidance of any doubt be entitled to recover from the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor the difference (if any) between the sums due to the Buyer from the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor and the sum recovered under the W I Insurance Policy.  

6.7  Nothing in this clause 6 applies to exclude or limit the liability of the Sellers or the Additional Warrantor to the extent that a Claim arises or is delayed as a result of fraud, wilful misconduct or wilful concealment by the Sellers. 

7.    Completion 

7.1  The parties acknowledge that   on the date of this agreement, the Buyer has transferred by electronic transfer in immediately available funds to the Morrison   Foerster Client Account the amount of US Dollars Five Million (USD $5,000,000), such amount to be held by the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor on the terms of the Morrison   Foerster Undertaking (the    Deposit   ). 

11 

7.2  Completion shall take place on the Completion Date at the offices of Morrison   Foerster (UK) LLP, CityPoint, One Ropemaker Street, London, EC2Y 9AW. 

7.3  The Sellers shall give the Buyer notice in writing of the anticipated Completion Date at least five Business Days prior to such date. 

7.4  If the Initial Consideration, when converted into US dollars at the Exchange Rate on the date that is three Business Days prior to the anticipated Completion Date (the    USD Equivalent Initial Consideration   ), exceeds the Deposit, then on the date that is two Business Days prior to the anticipated Completion Date, the Buyer shall:  

(a)  pay, or shall procure the payment of, the USD Equivalent Initial Consideration (less the sum of the Deposit) by electronic transfer in immediately available funds to the Escrow Account; 

(b)  instruct the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor to transfer the Deposit to the Escrow Account; and 

(c)  instruct the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor to transfer the initial Licence Fee as defined in the Footwear Licence) to the Escrow Account. 

7.5  If the USD Equivalent Initial Consideration is equal to or less than the Deposit, then on the date that is two Business Days prior to the anticipated Completion Date, the Buyer shall:  

(a)  instruct the Additional Warrantor s Solicitors to transfer such part of the Deposit as is equal to the USD Equivalent Initial Consideration to the Escrow Account; 

(b)  instruct the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor to transfer the remaining balance of the Deposit (if any) to the Buyer s Bank Account; and 

(c)  instruct the Additional Warrantor s Solicitor to transfer the initial Licence Fee as defined in the Footwear Licence) to the Escrow Account. 

7.6  Payment in accordance with this clause shall be a good and valid discharge of the Buyer s obligation to pay the Initial Consideration. 

7.7  On the Completion Date, the Sellers shall comply with their obligations set out in paragraph 1  of   Schedule 6, and the Buyer shall deliver to the Sellers: 

(a)  duly executed counterparts of the licences, agreements, assignments and other documents referred to in paragraph 2 of Schedule 6 which are required to be countersigned by the Buyer in connection with this agreement;  

(b)  a duly executed copy of the Transitional Services Agreement by the Buyer  

(c)  a duly executed copy of the Global Apparel Agreement by   Dynoma Trading PTE  ;  and 

(d)  a certified copy of the resolution of the board of directors of the Buyer authorising the execution and delivery by the officers specified in the  

12 

resolution of this agreement and any other documents referred to in this agreement as being required to be delivered by it. 

7.8  If the Sellers do not comply with clause 7.7 in any material respect, the Buyer may, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies it has (including the right to claim damages for breach of this agreement): 

(a)  so far as is practicable, proceed to Completion; or 

(b)  by written notice to the Sellers, defer Completion to an alternative date advised by the Sellers in writing to the Buyer which shall be the same date as  Completion  under and as defined in the Primary SPA, provided that such date is on or before the Longstop Date. If Completion does not occur by the end of the Longstop Date, then the Buyer may by written notice to the Sellers terminate this agreement with immediate effect and in that event the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor shall and shall forthwith return a sum equal to the Deposit to the Buyer except where the Deposit or an amount thereof has been transferred to the Escrow Account pursuant to clauses 7.4 and 7.5. 

7.9  If the Buyer does not comply with clause 7.7 in any material respect, the Sellers may, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies it has (including the right to claim damages for breach of this agreement): 

(a)  so far as is practicable, proceed to Completion; or 

(b)  by written notice to the Buyer, defer Completion to an alternative date which is on or before the Longstop Date, provided that if Completion does not occur by the end of the Longstop Date, the Sellers may by written notice to the Buyer terminate this agreement with immediate effect and in that event the Sellers and the Additional Warrantor shall and shall forthwith return a sum equal to the Deposit to the Buyer except where the Deposit or an amount thereof has been transferred to the Escrow Account pursuant to clauses 7.4 and 7.5. 

7.10  Following Completion, the Buyer and the Sellers shall each comply with their respective obligations set out in paragraph 2 of Schedule 6. 

8.    Apportionments    

8.1  All periodical charges and outgoings relating to the Business or any of the Assets, arising in respect of or by reference to both the periods before and after Completion, including, but not limited to: 

(a)  all periodical amounts paid or payable under any of the Contracts; 

(b)  all rents, rates, gas, water, electricity and telephone charges and other utilities and other outgoings relating to or payable in respect of the Leasehold Properties; and 

(c)  all salaries, wages, bonuses, commissions, maternity pay, paternity pay, accrued holiday entitlement and holiday pay entitlement and other emoluments, including, but not limited to, PAYE income tax, National  

13 

Insurance contributions, health insurance, death in service benefits, season ticket loans and any contributions to pension arrangements for Employees, 

shall be apportioned on a time basis so that such part of the relevant charges and outgoings as is attributable to the period ended at the Effective Time shall be borne by the Sellers, and such part of the relevant charges and outgoings as is attributable to the period commencing at the Effective Time shall be borne by the Buyer. 

8.2  All periodical income and receipts relating to the Business or any of the Assets arising in respect of or by reference to both the periods before and after Completion, including, but not limited to: 

(a)  all periodical amounts received or receivable under any of the Contracts; and 

(b)  all rents, licence fees and royalties, 

shall be apportioned on a time basis so that such part of the relevant income and receipts as are attributable to the period ended at the Effective Time shall belong to the Sellers, and such part of the relevant payments and receipts as are attributable to the period commencing at the Effective Time shall belong to the Buyer. 

8.3  The parties shall, as soon as practicable after the Completion Date, use all reasonable endeavours to draw up and agree a statement of the apportionments referred to in clause 8.1 and clause 8.2 and the balance owing by one party to the other in respect of the same. If such statement has not been prepared and agreed within 90 Business Days after the Completion Date, either party may refer the matter for determination in accordance with the procedure detailed in clause 8.4. Payment of the balance agreed, or determined pursuant to clause 8.4, shall be made within 30 Business Days after such agreement or determination. 

8.4  If the parties have failed to reach agreement on the matters set out in this clause 8 within the 90 Business Day period referred to in clause 8.3, either party may refer the matter to an independent firm of accountants (   Expert   ) for resolution as follows: 

(a)  the Expert shall be jointly agreed by the parties or, if no agreement is reached within 10 Business Days after either party notifies the other that it wishes to appoint an Expert, shall be nominated at the request of either party by the President for the time being of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, and the parties shall co-operate and use their reasonable endeavours to agree the terms of appointment with the Expert as soon as reasonably possible (and if terms cannot be agreed within 10 Business Days from the date of nomination, then either party may request the President for the time being of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to nominate another Expert, and the parties shall cooperate and use their reasonable endeavours to agree terms with that Expert); 

(b)  neither the Buyer nor the Sellers shall unreasonably withhold agreement to the proposed terms of appointment of the Expert; 

(c)  the Expert shall be requested to resolve the matter in dispute applying the terms of this agreement; 

14 

(d)  the determination of the Expert shall be final and binding on both parties in the absence of manifest error; 

(e)  the costs of the Expert shall be shared by Buyer and the Sellers equally; and 

(f)  the Expert shall present its findings in writing to the parties within 20 Business Days of its appointment, and the parties shall give it all reasonable assistance together with access to all personnel and documents it requests. 

9.    Liabilities of the Sellers and the Buyer 

9.1  The Buyer shall: 

(a)  with effect from the Effective Time, assume responsibility for the payment and performance of the Assumed Liabilities and shall pay or perform the Assumed Liabilities in accordance with practice similar to the present practice of the Sellers in the payment or, as the case may be, the performance of the Assumed Liabilities; 

(b)  use all reasonable endeavours to procure the cancellation of those securities or guarantees given in respect of the Assumed Liabilities by any member of the Sellers  Group; and 

(c)  indemnify the Sellers against all Losses suffered or incurred by the Sellers arising out of or in connection with the Buyer s failure to comply with this clause 9.1. 

9.2  The Sellers shall: 

(a)  retain responsibility for the payment and/or performance of the Excluded Liabilities in accordance with practice similar to the present practice of the Sellers in the payment or, as the case may be, the performance of the Excluded Liabilities; 

(b)  use all reasonable endeavours to procure the cancellation of those securities or guarantees given in respect of the Assumed Liabilities by any member of the Sellers  Group; and 

(c)  indemnify the Buyer against all Losses suffered or incurred by the Buyer arising out of or in connection with the Sellers  failure to comply with this clause 9.2.   

10.    Value-added Tax and Stamp Duty 

10.1  All sums payable, or consideration given, by the Buyer under this agreement are exclusive of VAT, and the Buyer shall in addition pay an amount equal to any VAT chargeable on those sums or consideration. 

10.2  The Sellers and the Buyer intend that article 5 of the Value-Added Tax (Special Provisions) Order 1995 and any similar or equivalent provision in France and the Netherlands shall apply to the sale of the Business and Assets under this agreement and agree to use all reasonable endeavours to secure that the sale is treated as neither a  

15 

supply of goods nor a supply of services under that article, but neither the Sellers nor the Buyer shall be required to make any appeal to any tribunal or court against any determination by any Tax Authority that the sale, or any part, shall be treated as such.  

10.3  If any Tax Authority, at any time, determines VAT is payable on the sale of all or some of the Assets, the Sellers shall promptly notify the Buyer of such determination and shall deliver a proper VAT invoice in respect of the VAT payable, and the Buyer shall, within 30 days of the receipt of such determination and VAT invoice, pay to the Sellers a sum equal to: 

(a)  the amount of VAT determined by any Tax Authority to be chargeable; and 

(b)  any interest charged by any Tax Authority due to late payment of such VAT to the extent that it results from a breach by the Buyer of any of its obligations under this clause 10.3. 

10.4  The Buyer: 

(a)  warrants to the Sellers that it is registered for VAT purposes; and 

(b)  undertakes to the Sellers that it will, on and immediately after Completion, use the Assets to carry on the same kind of business (whether or not as part of any existing business of the Buyer) as that carried on by the Sellers in relation to the Assets before Completion. 

10.5  The Sellers and the Buyer do not intend to make a joint application to any Tax Authority for the Buyer to be registered for VAT under the VAT registration numbers of the Sellers, under regulation 6(1)(d) of the VAT Regulations 1995 (or any equivalent provision in France and the Netherlands). Accordingly, the Sellers shall: 

(a)  retain and preserve the VAT Records after Completion, for a period of not less than six (6) years from Completion (or such longer period as may be required by law); 

(b)  make the VAT Records available to the Buyer or its agents for inspection (during normal business hours) or copying (at the Buyer s expense); and 

(c)  give to the Buyer, in such form as the Buyer may reasonably require, such information contained in the VAT Records as the Buyer may reasonably specify. 

10.6  All stamp duties, transfer, documentary registration and other Taxes and fees (including penalties and interest) incurred or payable in connection with the sale and purchase of the Assets under this agreement shall be borne solely by the Buyer. 

11.    The Employees 

11.1  The parties agree that the Transaction will constitute a relevant transfer for the purposes of TUPE and, accordingly, that it will not terminate the contracts of employment of any of the Employees, which shall be transferred to the Buyer pursuant to TUPE with effect from the Effective Time which shall be the time of transfer under TUPE. 

16 

11.2  The Sellers undertake to and covenant with the Buyer that they have complied with its obligations under regulation 11 of TUPE. 

11.3  The Sellers undertake to and covenant with the Buyer that:  

(a)  they have complied and shall comply in all respects, with their obligations under regulation 11 of TUPE; 

(b)  that they have complied and shall comply in all respects with their obligations under regulation 13 of TUPE; 

(c)  that they have complied with and shall, up to the Effective Time, comply with all of their obligations (whether or not legally binding or in respect of which it would be expected to comply by any regulatory or other body which it is subject) to or in connection with the Employees or anybody representing them (or any of the said obligations the Seller would have had under or in connection with such contracts but for TUPE); 

(d)  that they have paid and shall pay all sums due in relation to the Employees up to the Effective Time (whether arising under common law, statute, equity or otherwise) including but without limitation all remuneration, holiday pay (calculated to include overtime where applicable) expenses, national insurance and pension contributions, liability to Tax and other sums payable in respect of any period up to the Effective Time; 

(e)  that there are no sums owing to or from the Employees up to the Effective Time;  

(f)  that they will fully indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless against all Losses which the Buyer may suffer, sustain, incur, pay or be put to arising from or in connection with: 

(i)  any failure by the Sellers to comply with their obligations under TUPE or this clause 11.3; 

(ii)  the employment of the Employees or any claim arising from the termination of their employment by the Sellers on or before the Effective Time;  

(iii)  any failure by the Sellers on or before the Effective Time to comply with its legal obligations in respect of any of the Employees; 

(iv)  the transfer to the Buyer, by virtue of TUPE, of the employment of any employee of the Sellers who is not an Employee as listed in Schedule 7; and 

(v)  all unpaid holiday pay for the period prior to the Effective Time. 

11.4  The Sellers and the Buyer shall perform their obligations to inform and consult under TUPE. The Buyer shall provide to the Sellers the information that it is required to provide under regulation 13(4) of TUPE. 

17 

11.5  The Buyer undertakes not to dismiss, or to commence a process to dismiss, any of the Employees (other than for an Employee committing an act of gross misconduct or acting in fundamental breach of his or her employment contract) prior to the date that is one month after the Effective Time (the    Review Date   ). 

11.6    The Sellers shall pay to the Buyer the gross amount of remuneration due to the Part 1 Employees under their contracts of employment or by virtue of statute as at the Effective Time, for the one month period after the Effective Time (i.e. calculated from the Effective Time up to and including the Review Date). The Buyer shall notify the Sellers of such amount at least 10 Business Days prior to the date of payment to the Part 1 Employees, and the Sellers shall make such payment at least two Business Days prior to such payment da  te. 

11.7  The Buyer agrees to use all reasonable endeavours to cooperate with the Seller in relation to the transfer of the Employees to the employment of the Buyer and in this regard will fully comply with its obligations under TUPE. 

11.8  Save for any claim made by an Employee that the parties agree in writing is unjustified or is adjudicated to be unjustified, the Buyer shall fully indemnify and hold the Sellers harmless against all Losses which the Sellers may suffer, sustain, incur, pay or be put to arising from or in connection with any liabilities towards or in connection with the Employees, which are referable to the period after the Effective Time (other than liabilities for which the Sellers are responsible under this agreement). 

12.    Specific Indemnities  

12.1  The Sellers agree that in the event that the Buyer serves notice to terminate a Part 1 Employee by reason of redundancy after the Review Date but within the period of 24 months beginning on the Completion Date, it will   fully indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless in respect of  : 

(a)  contractual and/or statutory amounts which the Buyer has paid to a Part 1 Employee in respect of such Part 1 Employee s Notice Period Costs and Redundancy Pay Costs;   and 

(b)  where the Buyer serves notice to terminate the employment of a Part 1 Employee by reason of a redundancy within six weeks of the Effective Date: 

(i)  any award which the Buyer is required to pay to that Part 1 Employee as determined by a court or tribunal as a result of a claim for unfair dismissal howsoever arising; and/or  

(ii)  any settlement agreed with the prior written consent of the Sellers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), between the Buyer and that Employee, in respect of such a claim (provided such settlement sum does not exceed the amount the Part 1 Employee could reasonably expect to be awarded in a court or tribunal); and 

18 

(iii)    without limitation the Buyer s legal and other professional fees and expenses incurred reasonably in response to the assertion of such a claim by the Part 1 Employee, 

(together 12.1(a) and 12.1(b) being the    Part 1 Employee Indemnities   ). 

provided that  : (a) the amount payable by the Sellers to the Buyer in relation to a Notice Period Cost shall not exceed the amount set against that Part 1 Employee s name in Column 3 of Part 1 of Schedule 7; (b) the Sellers shall not be liable for any increase   in Notice Period Costs and/or Redundancy Pay Costs which is attributable to changes relating either to the age or service of the Part 1 Employees or to the terms of the Part 1 Employee s employment contract following the Effective Time; (c) the amount payable in relation to a Redundancy Pay Cost shall not exceed the amount set against that Employee s name in Column 4 of Part 1 of   Schedule 7  ; and (d) the Sellers shall have no other liabilities whatsoever relating to such Part 1 Employee save as expressly provided under this agreement  . 

12.2  The Sellers agree, that in the event that the Buyer serves notice to terminate a Part 2 Employee by reason of redundancy after the Review Date but within the period of 24 months beginning on the Completion Date, it will   fully indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless in respect of   the Part 2 Employee s Notice Period Costs and Redundancy Pay Costs (the    Part 2 Employee Indemnities   ), provided that: (a) the amount payable by the Sellers to the Buyer in relation to a Notice Period Cost shall not exceed the amount set against that Part 2 Employee s name in Column 3 of Part 2 of Schedule 7; (b) the Sellers shall not be liable for any increase in Notice Period Costs and/or Redundancy Pay Costs, which is attributable to changes relating either to the age or service of the Part 2 Employees or to the terms of the Part 2 Employee s employment contract on or following Completion; (c) the amount payable in relation to a Redundancy Pay Cost shall not exceed the amount set against that Employee s name in Column 4 of Part 2 of Schedule 7; and (d) the Sellers shall have no other liabilities whatsoever relating to such Part 2 Employee save as expressly provided under this agreement. 

12.3  Subject to clause 12.4, in the event that the Sellers are required to make a payment pursuant to a Part 1 Employee Indemnity or Part 2 Employee Indemnity, the Sellers shall make such payment within 30 Business Days of the Buyer providing written evidence (in a form satisfactory to the Sellers acting reasonably) to the Sellers   that the Buyer is liable to make   payments to a Part 1 Employee or Part 2 Employee in accordance with this clause 12, to the Buyer s Bank Account. 

12.4  Notwithstanding anything contained in this clause 12, the aggregate payments due by the Sellers to the Buyer pursuant to the Part 2 Employee Indemnity shall not exceed GBP 84,693 in total for any Quarter Period. 

13.    The Contracts 

13.1  The Buyer undertakes to the Sellers with effect from the Effective Time to duly perform and assume the obligations and liabilities of the Sellers under the Contracts, and: 

19 

(a)  the Buyer shall indemnify the Sellers against all Losses suffered or incurred by the Sellers in respect of the non-performance or defective or negligent performance by the Buyer of the Contracts after the Effective Time provided that nothing in this agreement shall make the Buyer liable or in any way responsible for any Excluded Liabilities; and 

(b)  the Sellers shall indemnify the Buyer against all Losses suffered or incurred by the Buyer in respect of the non-performance or defective or negligent performance by the Sellers of the Contracts prior to the Effective Time. 

13.2  Following the Effective Time, at the written request of the Sellers, the Buyer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure those rights and obligations under each of the Contracts are novated from the Sellers to the Buyer. 

13.3  This agreement shall constitute an assignment to the Buyer of the benefit of all of the Contracts which are capable of assignment without the consent of any third party, in each case, with effect from the Effective Time. 

13.4  Insofar as any of the Contracts cannot be assigned to the Buyer without Third-Party Consent: 

(a)  the Sellers shall, at the Buyer s request use all reasonable endeavours with the co-operation of the Buyer to obtain such consent; 

(b)  unless and until any such Contract is assigned, the Sellers shall continue their corporate existence and shall hold such Contract and any monies, goods or other benefits received thereunder as trustee for the Buyer and its successors in title absolutely; 

(c)  the Buyer shall (if sub-contracting is permissible and lawful under the Contract in question), as the Sellers  sub-contractor and at the Buyer s cost perform all the obligations of the Sellers under such Contract and, where sub-contracting is not permissible, the Buyer shall perform such obligations as agent for the Sellers and shall indemnify the Sellers against any liability incurred in relation to the performance or non-performance of the Sellers  obligations under such Contract; and 

(d)  unless and until any such Contract is assigned or novated, the Sellers shall (so far as they lawfully may), at the Buyer s cost, give all such assistance as the Buyer may reasonably require to enable the Buyer to enforce its (or the Sellers ) rights under such Contract, and (without limitation) shall provide access to all relevant books, documents and other information in relation to such Contract as the Buyer may require from time to time. 

13.5  Nothing in this agreement shall be construed as an assignment or attempted assignment if such assignment or attempted assignment would constitute a breach of such Contract. 

13.6  If Third-Party Consent to assignment or novation of a Contract is refused, or otherwise not obtained on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer within 60 Business Days of the Effective Time, then the parties agree that clauses 13.4(b) to  

20 

13.4(d) shall continue to apply until the earlier of: (i) the expiry of such Contract; and (ii) the date that the parties agree in writing that such Contact may be terminated. 

13.7  Nothing in this clause 13 shall have the effect of making the Buyer liable in any way under any guarantees or warranties given by the Sellers to any Customer in relation to goods sold or services rendered by the Sellers before the Effective Time, the liability for which shall remain absolutely with the Sellers. 

14.    Capital Allowances Election 

The Buyer shall on the written request of the Sellers, execute and submit any election under section 199 of the CAA 2001, in such form as the Sellers deem necessary. 

15.    Data Protection 

The Buyer undertakes to comply with the DPA in relation to its application to the Business and Assets after the Effective Time. 

16.    Confidentiality and Announcements 

16.1  Except to the extent required by law or any legal or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction: 

(a)  the Sellers shall not (and shall procure that no member of the Sellers  Group shall) at any time disclose to any person (other than its professional advisers) the terms of this agreement or any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Business or the Buyer, or make any use of such information other than to the extent necessary for the purpose of exercising or performing its rights and obligations under this agreement; and 

(b)  subject to clause 16.2 below, neither party shall make, or permit any person to make or send, any public announcement, communication or circular concerning this agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. 

16.2  Each of the Sellers and the Buyer may (a) at any time after the date of this agreement, give notice of the Transaction in order to seek any consent which requires to be obtained for the sub-let of the Leases, the novation of the Contracts, or for the purpose of giving notice to the Employees in connection with clause 11; and (b) at any time after the Effective Time announce the acquisition of the Business by the Buyer to any employees, clients, customers or suppliers of the Business. 

17.    Further Assurance and Wrong Pockets 

17.1  Each of the Sellers and Buyer shall (at its own expense) promptly execute and deliver such documents, perform such acts and do such things as the other party may reasonably require from time to time for the purpose of giving full effect to this agreement.  

17.2  The Buyer undertakes to: 

(a)  give the Sellers and their agents and advisers reasonable access to the Leasehold Properties and to the books and records of the Business during  

21 

normal business hours on any Business Day and on reasonable notice to the Sellers for the purposes of the preparation of the accounts and tax returns of members of the Sellers  Group in respect of the period up to the Effective Time; 

(b)  provide the Sellers on its request with the reasonable assistance of the employees of the Business from time to time to enable the preparation of the accounts and tax returns of members of the Sellers  Group in respect of the period up to the Effective Time; and 

(c)  ensure that all books and records comprised in the Assets are retained by it for a period of seven (7) years following the Effective Time. 

17.3  All monies and other items belonging to: 

(a)  the Buyer in relation to the conduct of the Business after the Effective Time that are received by the Sellers shall be immediately passed by the Sellers to the Buyer; and 

(b)  the Sellers in relation to the conduct of the Business before the Effective Time that are received by the Buyer shall be immediately passed by the Buyer to the Sellers. 

18.    Assignment 

Neither party shall assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, declare a trust of or deal in any other manner with any of its rights and obligations under this agreement without the prior written consent of the other party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 

19.    Entire Agreement 

19.1  Each party acknowledges and agrees that:  

(a)  this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes and extinguishes all previous discussions, correspondence, negotiations, drafts, agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between them, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter; 

(b)  it has not entered into this agreement in reliance on any Pre-contractual Statement which is not expressly set out herein;  

(c)  it has no right of action or other remedy whatsoever against any other party arising out of or in connection with any Pre-contractual Statement not expressly set out in this agreement; and  

(d)  for the avoidance of doubt, the only rights and remedies available to any party for breach of this agreement, are damages for breach of contract and no party has any right to rescind this agreement, 

provided always that this clause 19.1 shall not exclude or limit any liability or any  

22 

right which any party may have in the case of fraud.  

20.    Variation and Waiver 

20.1  No variation of this agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives). 

20.2  No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under this agreement or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. A waiver of any right or remedy under this agreement or by law is only effective if it is in writing. 

20.3  Except as expressly provided in this agreement, the rights and remedies provided under this agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. 

21.    Costs 

Except as expressly provided in this agreement, each party shall pay its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of this agreement (and any documents referred to in it). 

22.    Notice 

22.1  A notice given under this agreement and service of any proceedings in connection with this agreement: 

(a)  shall be in writing in the English language; 

(b)  shall be signed by or on behalf of the party giving it; 

(c)  shall be sent for the attention of the person and to the address given in this clause 22 (or such other address or person as the relevant party may notify to the other parties in accordance with the provisions of this clause 22); and 

(d)  shall be: 

(i)  delivered personally; or 

(ii)  sent by commercial courier; or 

(iii)  sent by pre-paid first-class post or recorded delivery; or 

(iv)  (if the notice is to be served by post outside the country from which it is sent) sent by airmail requiring signature on delivery. 

22.2  The addresses for service of notice are: 

(a)  In relation to the Sellers, to each of the following: 

Address: Cherokee Inc., 5990 Sepulveda Boulevard, Suite 600, Sherman  

23 

Oaks, CA 91411, USA.  

For the attention of: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. 

and  

Address: Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V., Paasheuvelweg 22A, 1105 BJ, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 

For the attention of: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. 

and a further copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  

Address: Morrison   Foerster LLP, 12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100, San Diego, CA 92130, USA. 

For the attention of: Scott Stanton 

(b)  In relation to the Buyer: 

Address: Batra Limited, Unit 1, Colonial Business Park, Colonial Way, Watford, Hertfordshire WD24 4PR 

For the attention of: Mr. Rudy Rudran 

and a further copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Address: R R Sanghvi   Co, 176 Northolt Road, South Harrow, Middlesex, HA2 0EP. 

For the attention of: Rohit Sanghvi 

22.3  A notice is deemed to have been received: 

(a)  if delivered personally, at the time of delivery; or 

(b)  if sent by commercial courier, at the time of signature of the courier's delivery receipt; or 

(c)  in the case of pre-paid first class post or recorded delivery, 9.00 am on the second Business Day after posting; or 

(d)  in the case of airmail, 9.00 am on the fifth Business Day after posting. 

22.4  For the purposes of this clause: 

(a)  all times are to be read as local time in the place of deemed receipt; and 

(b)  if deemed receipt under this clause is not within business hours (meaning 9.00 am to 5.30 pm Monday to Friday on any Business Day), the notice shall be deemed to have been received at the opening of business on the next Business Day in the place of receipt.  

24 

22.5  To prove delivery, it is sufficient to prove that the envelope containing the notice was properly addressed and posted. 

23.    Liability 

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Sellers shall be severally, and not jointly and severally, liable for their obligations, undertakings and liabilities under this agreement. 

24.    Severance 

If any provision or part-provision of this agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this clause shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this agreement. 

25.    Governing Law and Jurisdiction 

25.1  This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. 

25.2  Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims). 

This agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it. 

25 

Schedule 1   The Sellers 

(1)    HI-TEC SPORTS PLC   incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 01159203 whose registered office is at Aviation Way, Southend On Sea, Essex, SS2 6GH. 

(2)    Hi-TEC SPORTS UK LIMITED   incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 02310579 whose registered office is at Aviation Way, Southend On Sea, Essex, SS2 6GH. 

(3)    HI-TEC NEDERLAND B.V.   incorporated and registered in the Netherlands with company number 32154555 whose registered office is at Paasheuvelweg 22A, 1105 BJ, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 

(4)    HI-TEC SPORTS FRANCE SAS   incorporated and registered in France with company number 818 913 444 whose registered office is at Place de la Mairie, 74310, Les Houches, France. 

26 

Schedule 4         Stock Valuation 

Part  1 

1.  The Sellers and the Buyer shall procure that   a joint physical stock-take of the Stock as at the Effective Time is carried out as soon as reasonably possible after the Effective Time, and in any event no later than 14 days following the Completion Date,    in each case by the Sellers and the Buyer and their respective employees and agents (and such other persons as the Sellers may nominate). 

2.  The   Stock Amount   shall be calculated as follows: 

(a)  100% of the Current Inventory Cost determined under paragraph 1(a) above less the fixed sum of GBP 286,000 in respect of non-sellable Current Inventory; plus 

(b)  20% of the Aged Inventory Cost determined under paragraph 1(a) above. 

3.  The Buyer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that as soon as possible and in any event within 28 days of the Completion Date, there is delivered to the Sellers a written schedule of the Buyer s calculation of the Stock as at the Effective Time, in the format set out in Part 2 of this Schedule 4 (   Stock Schedule     ). 

4.  The Sellers shall notify the Buyer within 14 days of receipt of the Stock Schedule (the    Review Period     ) whether or not they accept the Stock Schedule. During the Review Period, the Buyer shall permit the Sellers and any other persons the Sellers may nominate to: (i) perform (at the Sellers  own cost) physical inspections of the Stock at all reasonable times at the sites where the Stock are located; and (ii) review (at the Sellers  own cost) the financial accounts, statements and ledgers of the Company which contain information in relation to Stock, and shall provide all information that the Sellers may reasonably require to enable them to perform a reasonable analysis of the Stock Schedule. 

5.  If the Sellers notify the Buyer within the Review Period that they do not accept the Stock Schedule: 

(a)  they shall, at the same time, set out in a notice in writing (   Objection Notice     )  their reasons in reasonable detail for such non-acceptance and specify the adjustments which, in their opinion, should be made to the Stock Schedule in order to comply with the requirements of this Schedule and deliver such notice to the Buyer; and 

(b)  the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to meet and discuss the objections raised in the Objection Notice and to reach agreement upon the adjustments (if any) required to be made to the Stock Schedule. 

27 

6.  If: 

(a)  the Sellers are satisfied with the Stock Schedule (either as originally submitted or after adjustments agreed between the Sellers and the Buyer in accordance with paragraph 4 above); 

(b)  the Sellers fail to issue an Objection Notice by the end of the Review Period; 

(c)  the parties otherwise reach (or are deemed to reach pursuant to this paragraph 5 above) agreement on the Stock Schedule; or 

(d)  the Stock Schedule is finally determined at any stage in accordance with the procedures in this Schedule 4, 

then the Stock Schedule (incorporating any agreed adjustments) shall, in the absence of manifest error, be deemed agreed and shall constitute the value of the stock amount (the    Stock Amount   )     for the purpose of the Final Consideration and be binding upon the parties. 

7.  If within 14 days of receipt of an Objection Notice the Sellers and the Buyer fail to agree on the Stock Schedule, this dispute shall be referred for final decision to the    Expert    and determined by the Expert on terms   mutatis mutandis   with the procedure in clause 8.4. 

28 

Part 2 (PRO-FORMA TOTAL STOCK SUMMARY) 

Country: UK, BENELUX   FRANCE - HI TEC (only)  

BRAND  

PRODUCT  

TOTAL VALUE (GBP  )  

0~3 Months  

4~6 Months  

7~9 Months  

10~12 Months+  

000s  

VALUE  

VALUE  

VALUE  

VALUE  

HI-TEC  

FOOTWEAR  

MAGNUM  

FOOTWEAR  

HI-TEC  

APPAREL  

HI-TEC  

ACCESSORIES  

MAGNUM  

APPAREL  

MAGNUM  

ACCESSORIES  

29 

GRAND TOTAL  

Offer Price:  

Less than 6 months  

Over 6 months  

Unsellable @ 50% agreed  

In respect of all unsellable Apparel, POS, Samples, Accessories, etc. - as agreed at 50%  

Net Offer Price Total GBP  

Net Offer Price Total USD  

Total offer from Batra Ltd to purchase stock from CGB  

Check  

0  

30 

Schedule 6 Completion and Post-Completion 

1.  Completion 

The Sellers shall deliver, or procure delivery, to the Buyer or make available to the Buyer: 

(a)  physical possession of all the Assets capable of passing by delivery, with the intent that title in such Assets shall pass to the Buyer by and on such delivery;  

(b)  duly executed agreements in forms to be agreed between the parties acting reasonably for the assignment or novation of the benefit of the Contracts to the Buyer, to the extent that these have been obtained from the counterparties to such Contracts prior to the Effective Time; 

(c)  all such Third-Party Consents to vest in the Buyer the full benefit of the Assets, provided that in the case of the Contracts, this shall only be to the extent such Third-Party Consents have been obtained prior to the Effective Time; 

(d)  a  duly executed copy of the Transitional Services Agreement by Hi-Tec Sports PLC; 

(e)  a duly executed copy of the Global Apparel Agreement by   Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV  ; 

(f)  a copy of the Records,  insofar as it is in the possession of the Sellers;   

(g)  originals or copies of the Contracts;  

(h)  a duly executed copy of an English law deed of release and reassignment between Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. and Hi-Tec Nederland B.V. and Deutsche Bank AG on or before Completion in relation to the release of Encumbrances over the Assets; 

(i)  a duly executed copy of a Dutch law deed of release and reassignment between Hi-Tec Nederland BV and Deutsche Bank AG on or before Completion in relation to the release of Encumbrances over the Assets; 

(j)  in the event that the Assets of Hi-Tec Sports France SAS are not free from all Encumbrances, a French law deed of release and reassignment between Hi-Tec Sports France SAS and any chargee in relation to the release of Encumbrances over the Assets; and 

(k)  a certified copy of the resolution, in the agreed form, adopted by the board of directors of the Sellers authoring the Transaction. 

2.   Actions and obligations after completion 

31 

2.1  As soon as practicable after Completion, the Sellers and the Buyer shall each issue a statement in the agreed form to the Customers of, and suppliers to, the Business informing them of the transfer of the Business to the Buyer. 

2.2  All correspondence, information, orders, enquiries and other documentation, items and all money relating to or connected with the Business or the Assets received by the Sellers, or by any member of the Sellers  Group, on or after the Effective Time shall be immediately passed or paid (as the case may be) to the Buyer or as it may direct (or in accordance with clause 8, if applicable). 

2.3  All correspondence, information, orders, enquiries and other documentation, items and all money relating to or connected with: (i) any business of the Sellers other than the Business; or (ii) the Excluded Assets received by the Buyer, or by any member of the Buyer Group, on or after the Effective Time shall be immediately passed or paid (as the case may be) to the Sellers or as they may direct (or in accordance with clause 8, if applicable). 

2.4  The Sellers shall promptly notify the Buyer of any claims, demands, actions, complaints and proceedings against the Sellers brought by any third party in respect of any goods manufactured or services supplied by the Sellers or in respect of the Assets or the Business which are Assumed Liabilities. 

2.5   The Buyer shall promptly notify the Sellers of any claims, demands, actions, complaints and proceedings against the Buyer brought by any third party in respect of any Excluded Liabilities. 

32 

Schedule 9 

Warranties 

Part 1 

1.    Capacity of the Sellers   

The Sellers have all requisite power and authority, and have taken all necessary corporate action, to enable them to enter into and perform this agreement and all agreements and documents entered into, or to be entered into, pursuant to the terms of this agreement. 

2.    Title to the assets 

Each Asset is legally and beneficially owned by the Sellers. There are no Encumbrances over any of the Assets, and the Sellers have not agreed to create any Encumbrances over the Assets or any part of them. 

3.    Insolvency of the Sellers 

3.1  The Sellers are solvent and able to pay their debts as they fall due. 

3.2  No order has been made or petition presented, meeting convened or resolution passed for the winding up of the Sellers, nor has any receiver been appointed or any distress, execution or other process been levied in respect of the Business or the Assets or any of them. 

Part 2 

4.    Records 

The Records which are referred to in the Disclosure Letter: 

(a)  are in the possession of the Seller; 

(b)  constitute an accurate record of all material matters that ought to appear in them; and  

(c)  do not contain any material inaccuracies or discrepancies. 

5.    Contracts 

5.1  The Contracts are valid and binding, and no act or omission has occurred which would (if necessary with the giving of notice or lapse of time) constitute a material breach of any Contract. 

5.2  None of the Contracts: 

(a)  is likely to result in a loss to the Sellers on completion of performance (or would be, but for the Transaction); or 

33 

(b)  cannot readily be fulfilled or performed by the Sellers on time without undue or unusual expenditure of money or effort; or 

(c)  involves or is likely to involve an aggregate expenditure in excess of  50,000; or 

(d)  is the subject of any claim, dispute or proceeding, whether actual, pending or threatened in writing. 

6.    Employees 

6.1  No person is employed or engaged in the Business (whether temporary or permanent and whether under a contract of service or contract for services) other than the Employees and the Employees are all employed by the Sellers and work wholly or mainly in the Business. 

6.2  The Sellers have Disclosed: 

(a)  all material obligations of the Sellers towards the employees as regards remuneration payable, and other benefits provided or which the Sellers are bound to provide (whether now or in the future), and the length of notice required to terminate each such Employee to the extent these exceed the statutory notice requirements under applicable law; and 

(b)  details of any Employee who has given or received written notice to terminate his or her employment or written notice that such Employee intends or is likely to terminate his or her employment as a result of this agreement. 

6.3  In respect of each of the Employees, the Sellers have: 

(a)  performed all material obligations required to be performed by them (and have settled all outstanding claims, actions, awards, fines, demands and liabilities), whether arising under contract, statute, at common law or in equity or under any treaties including the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union or laws of the European Union or otherwise; 

(b)  abided by all material terms of any agreement or arrangement with any trade union, employee representative or body of employees or their representatives (whether binding or not) which directly affects the Employees; 

(c)  complied with, or will comply with, their obligations under regulation 13 of TUPE; 

(d)  maintained adequate, suitable and up to date records relating to the Employees; and 

(e)  paid or will have paid to HMRC and any other appropriate authority all taxes, national insurance contributions and other levies due in respect  

34 

of the Employees on account of their employment by the Sellers up to the Effective Time. 

6.4  None of the Sellers have offered, promised or agreed to any future variation in any contract of employment of any one of the Employees or any other person employed by the Sellers in respect of whom liability is deemed by TUPE to pass to the Buyer. 

6.5  The Sellers are not engaged in any dispute, claim or legal proceedings (whether arising under contract, common law, statute or in equity) with any of the Employees and so far as the Sellers are aware, no such grounds for any such dispute, claim or legal proceedings have been notified in writing to any of the Sellers. Details of all disputes, claims and legal proceedings with any of the Employees in which the Sellers have been engaged during the 12 months prior to this agreement have been Disclosed. 

6.6  There are no agents or distributors of the Sellers engaged in any work related to the Business. 

6.7  In the period of three years preceding the date of this agreement, the Sellers have not (nor has any predecessor or owner of any part of the Business) been a party to any relevant transfer for the purposes of TUPE or TUPE 1981 affecting any of the Employees (other than in respect of transfers within the Hi-Tec Group). 

7.    Statutory Restrictions 

7.1  The Sellers have not committed or omitted to do any act or thing in relation to the Assets which could give rise to any fine or penalty. 

7.2  The Sellers have not, in relation to the Assets, received written notice of any breach by them of competition, anti-trust, anti-restrictive trade practice or consumer protection law, rule or regulation anywhere in the world or of any investigation, enquiry, report or order by or by reference to any regulatory authority under any such law, rule or regulation, and which breach remains unresolved. 

8.    Litigation 

8.1  Neither the Sellers, nor any persons for whose acts or omissions they may be vicariously liable, are engaged in, subject to or threatened by any: 

(a)  litigation, administrative, mediation or arbitration proceedings (except for debt collection in the ordinary and usual course of business, details of which have been Disclosed) in relation to the Assets or any of them; or 

(b)  are the subject of any investigation, inquiry or enforcement proceedings by any governmental, administrative or regulatory body. 

35 

8.2  Details of all material litigation, administrative, mediation or arbitration proceedings relating to the Assets that have occurred during the 12 months preceding the date of this agreement have been Disclosed. 

9.    Compliance 

9.1  All legislation and regulations relating to the Assets (including VAT) have been duly complied within all material respects.  

9.2  All necessary licences, consents, permits, agreements, arrangements and authorities (public and private) have been obtained by the Sellers so far as necessary for the Assets, and all such licences, consents, permits, agreements, arrangements and authorities are valid and subsisting. The Sellers know of no reason why any of them should be suspended, cancelled or revoked or the benefit of them should not continue to be enjoyed by the Buyer. 

10.    Pensions 

10.1  Except as required by applicable law, the Sellers have no obligation (whether or not legally binding) to provide or contribute towards pension, lump sum, death, ill-health, disability or accident benefits in respect of the Employees, and no written commitment has been made to any Employee about the introduction, continuance, increase or improvement of, or payment of a contribution towards any other pension, lump sum, death, ill-health, disability or accident benefit. 

10.2  Prior to 1 October 2012, the Sellers facilitated access to a designated stakeholder scheme as required by Section 3 of the Welfare Reform and Pensions Act 1999. 

10.3  The Sellers have not discriminated against, or in relation to, any Employee on grounds of age, sex, disability, marital status, hours of work, fixed-term or temporary agency worker status, sexual orientation, religion or belief in providing pension, lump sum, death, ill-health, disability or accident benefits. 

10.4  No claims or complaints have been notified in writing in respect of the provision of (or failure to provide) pension, lump sum, death, ill-health, disability or accident benefits in relation to any of the Employees. 

10.5  Each of the Sellers has complied with its automatic enrolment obligations as required by the Pensions Act 2008 and associated legislation in respect of each of the Employees. 

11.    Property 

The particulars of the Leasehold Properties set out in Part 1 of Schedule 8 are true, complete and accurate. 

12.    Stamp duty and SDLT 

36 

All documents (other than those which have ceased to have any legal effect) to which any of the Sellers is a party and which relate to the Assets, in the enforcement of which the Buyer may be interested, have been duly stamped. 

13.    VAT 

13.1  Neither any of the Sellers nor any relevant associate (as defined in paragraph 3 of Schedule 10 to VATA 1994) have opted to tax (or elected to waive exemption), or will before Completion opt to tax, any of the Properties. 

13.2  None of the Properties is a building or engineering work falling within item 1(a) of Group 1 Schedule 9 to VATA 1994. 

13.3  Each Seller is a registered and taxable person for the purposes of the VATA 1994. 

Part 3 

14.  The Additional Warrantor is the insured in respect of and has the benefit of the W I Insurance Policy. 

Part 4 

15.  Capacity of the Buyer 

The Buyer has all requisite power and authority, and has taken all necessary corporate action, to enable it to enter into and perform this agreement and all agreements and documents entered into, or to be entered into, pursuant to the terms of this agreement.  

16.    Insolvency of the Buyer 

16.1  The Buyer is solvent and able to pay its debts as they fall due. 

16.2  No order has been made or petition presented, meeting convened or resolution passed for the winding up of the Buyer. 

37 

Signed by each of the Sellers: 

Signed by      /s/ Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 for and on behalf of    Hi-TEC SPORTS UK LIMITED  

Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 Director  

Signed by      /s/ Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 for and on behalf of    HI-TEC SPORTS PLC  

Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 Director  

Signed by      /s/ Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 for and on behalf of    HI-TEC NEDERLAND  B.V.  

Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 Director  

Signed by      /s/ Martin Binnendijk  
					 
						 for and on behalf of    HI-TEC SPORTS FRANCE SAS  

Martin Binnendijk.  
					 
						 Director  

*** (the rest of this page is left intentionally blank) *** 

38 

Signed by the Additional Warrantor: 

Signed by    /s/ N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

/s/ Henry Stupp      
					 
						 for and on behalf of    IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V.  

N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  
					 
						 Director  

Henry Stupp  
					 
						 Director  

*** (the rest of this page is left intentionally blank) *** 

39 

Signed by the Buyer 

Signed by P. Rudran      
					 
						 for and on behalf of    BATRA LIMITED  

/s/ P. Rudran  
					 
						 Director  

40 

</EX-2.3>

<EX-4.1>
 5
 chke-20161029ex4180969cd.htm
 EX-4.1

chke_Ex4_1

Exhibit 4.1 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.   

CHEROKEE INC. 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE 120,000 SHARES  

OF COMMON STOCK 

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, Carolina Footwear Group LLC, a New York limited liability company (   Licensee   ), is entitled to subscribe for and purchase up to 120,000 shares of the fully paid and nonassessable Common Stock (as adjusted pursuant to   Section 4   hereof, the    Shares   ) of Cherokee Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), at the price per share equal to the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the Date of Grant (such price and such other price as shall result, from time to time, from the adjustments specified in   Section 4   hereof is herein referred to as the    Warrant Price   ), subject to the provisions and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.  As used herein, the term    Common Stock    shall mean the Company s Common Stock, $0.02 par value per share,  or any stock into or for which such Common Stock may hereafter be converted or exchanged prior to or concurrent with the exercise of this Warrant. As used herein, (a) the term    Date of Grant    shall mean November 28, 2016, and (b) the term    Other Warrants    shall mean any warrant issued upon transfer or partial exercise of this Warrant or issued in respect of this Warrant pursuant to   Section 4   hereof.  The term    Warrant    as used herein shall be deemed to include Other Warrants unless the context clearly requires otherwise.    

This Warrant is being issued pursuant to a License Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2016 (the    License Agreement   ) between   Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings BV   and Licensee.  All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the License Agreement.  

1. 
			   Exercisability  .       

(a) 
			   Vesting of Shares  .  This Warrant shall vest   and   become exercisable in 20,000 share increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the Date of Grant; provided that such vesting and exercisability shall be conditioned upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by each of (x) the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Date of Grant, by and among        

Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc.,   Irene Acquisition Company B.V. (   Irene   )  , the Company, and Licensee   and (y) the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Date of Grant, by and among Hi-Tec Sports (Canada) Ltd.  ,    Irene  , the Company, and Licensee;   provided further that, with respect to the vesting of any individual Tranche, the License Agreement remains in full force and effect on the applicable anniversary/vesting date.  In addition, 20,000 Shares shall become vested and exercisable on the date (if any) on which the License Agreement is renewed in accordance with the renewal provisions of the License Agreement.  Each 20,000 Share increment is referred to herein as a    Tranche   .    In connection with (i) the sale of all of the equity interests of the Company, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (iii)   any merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a merger with another corporation in which the Company is the acquiring corporation)  , all unvested Tranches shall vest immediately prior to the consummation of any such sale or merger if the License Agreement remains in effect on the effective date of such sale or merger.    In addition, upon the termination of the License Agreement other than pursuant to Section 8.1(a) of the License Agreement or the natural expiration of its term,   all unvested Tranches shall vest immediately.     

(b) 
			         Exercise Period  .  This Warrant shall be exercisable with respect to each Tranche   for a period of five (5) years from the date on which such Tranche becomes vested pursuant to Section 1(a). If this Warrant is not exercised with respect to any Tranche within such five (5) year period, the Shares in such Tranche shall no longer be exercisable.     

2. 
			   Exercise of Warrant    ;     Method of Exercise; Payment  .    (a) Subject to   Section 1   hereof, the purchase right represented by this Warrant may be exercised by the holder hereof, in whole or in part and from time to time, at the election of the holder hereof, by the surrender of this Warrant (with the notice of exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A-1   duly completed and executed) at the principal office of the Company and by the payment to the Company, by certified or bank check, or by wire transfer to an account designated by the Company (a    Wire Transfer   ) of an amount equal to the then applicable Warrant Price multiplied by the number of Shares then being purchased.  The person or persons in whose name(s) any certificate(s) representing the Shares shall be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have become the holder(s) of record of, and shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of, the shares represented thereby (and such shares shall be deemed to have been issued) immediately prior to the close of business on the date or dates upon which this Warrant is exercised.  In the event of any exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant, certificates for the shares of stock so purchased shall be delivered to the holder hereof as soon as practicable and, if requested by the holder of this Warrant, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver the certificate representing Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant to a broker or other person (as directed by the holder exercising this Warrant) within the time period required to settle any trade made by the holder after exercise of this Warrant.     

(b)        In lieu of exercising this Warrant pursuant to Section 2(a) above, the holder may elect to receive, without the payment by the holder of any additional consideration, Shares equal to the value of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being canceled) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company (together with a duly executed subscription in the form attached), in which event the Company shall issue to the holder hereof a number of Shares computed using the following formula: 

X =    Y (A-B) 

A 

Where:  X =  The number of Shares to be issued to the holder pursuant to this net exercise; 

Y =  The number of Shares in respect of which the net issue election is made; 

A =  The fair market value of one Share at the time the net issue election is made; 

B =  The Warrant Price (as adjusted to the date of the net issuance). 

For purposes of this Warrant, the  fair market value  of one Share as of a particular date shall be determined as follows:  (i) if traded on a securities exchange or through an interdealer quotation system such as the OTC Bulletin Board, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing sale prices of the Common Stock on such exchange or quotation system over the ten (10) day period ending three (3) days prior to the net exercise election; (ii) if traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing sale price over the ten (10) day period ending three (3) days prior to the net exercise.  If there is no reported sale price for the Common Stock  ,   the fair market value of the Common Stock shall be the value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

3. 
			       Covenants as to Shares  .  The Company covenants that all Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance pursuant to the terms and conditions herein, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.  The Company covenants and agrees that during the period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised, the Company will at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of the issue upon exercise of the purchase rights evidenced by this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. The Company further covenants and agrees that the Company will from time to time take all such action as may be requisite to assure that the stated or par value per share of Common Stock is at all times equal to or less than the then effective Warrant Price per share of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.  If and so long as the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant is listed on any national securities exchange or quotation system, the Company will, if permitted by the rules of such exchange or quotation system, use its best efforts to list and keep listed on such exchange or quotation system, upon official notice of issuance, all shares of such capital stock.     

4. 
			   Adjustment of Warrant Price and Number of Shares  .  The number and kind of securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the Warrant Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, as follows:     

(a) 
			   Reclassification or Merger  .  In case of any reclassification or change of securities of the class issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination), or in case of any merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a merger with another corporation in which the Company is the acquiring and the surviving corporation and which does not result in any reclassification or change of outstanding securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant), or in case of any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a    Reorganization   ), the Company, or such successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, shall duly execute and deliver to the holder of this Warrant a new Warrant (in form and substance satisfactory to the holder of this Warrant), or the Company shall make appropriate provision without the issuance of a new Warrant, so that the holder of this Warrant shall have the right to receive upon exercise of this Warrant, at a total purchase price not to exceed that payable upon the exercise of the exercisable but unexercised portion of this Warrant, and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock theretofore issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities, money and property receivable upon such reclassification, change or merger by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock then purchasable under this Warrant.  Such new Warrant shall provide for adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this   Section 4  .  The provisions of this subparagraph (a) shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, changes, mergers and transfers.     

(b) 
			   Subdivision or Combination of Shares  .  If the Company at any time while this Warrant remains outstanding and unexpired shall subdivide or combine its outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Warrant Price shall be proportionately decreased and the number of Shares issuable hereunder shall be proportionately increased in the case of a subdivision or and the Warrant Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of Shares issuable hereunder shall be proportionately decreased in the case of a combination.     

(c) 
			   Stock Dividends and Other Distributions  .  If the Company at any time while this Warrant is outstanding and unexpired shall (i) pay a dividend with respect to its Common Stock payable in Common Stock, then the Warrant Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, to that price determined by multiplying the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to such date of determination by a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such dividend or distribution, and (B) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or distribution; or (ii) make any other distribution with respect to Common Stock, including a distribution of shares of any subsidiary of the Company (except any distribution specifically provided for in   Sections 4(a)   and   4(b)  ), then, in each such case, provision shall be made by the Company such that the holder of this Warrant shall receive upon exercise of this Warrant a proportionate share of any such dividend or distribution as though it were the holder      

of the Shares as of the record date fixed for the determination of the stockholders of the Company entitled to receive such dividend or distribution.      

(d) 
			   Adjustment of Number of Shares  .  Upon each adjustment in the Warrant Price, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted, to the nearest whole share, to the product obtained by multiplying the number of Shares purchasable immediately prior to such adjustment in the Warrant Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which shall be the Warrant Price immediately thereafter.     

5. 
			   Notice of Certain Events  .       

(a) 
			   Whenever the Warrant Price or the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted pursuant to   Section 4   hereof, the Company shall make a certificate signed by its chief financial officer setting forth, in reasonable detail, the event requiring the adjustment, the amount of the adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and the Warrant Price and the number of Shares purchasable hereunder after giving effect to such adjustment, and shall cause copies of such certificate to be mailed to the holder of this Warrant at such holder s last known address.     

(b) 
			   In the event of:     

(i) 
			   any taking by the Company of a record of the holders of Common Stock for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend, distribution, or other right, or     

(ii) 
			     a Reorganization;     

then and in each such event the Company will mail to the Holder hereof a notice (i) specifying, if known, the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and stating, if known, the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, (ii) or specifying the anticipated date on which any Reorganization is to close, and, if known, the time, if any is to be fixed, as to which the holders of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their shares for securities or other property deliverable on such Reorganization.  The Company shall give such notice to the Holder at least twenty business days prior to the record date or closing date specified therein, as the case may be. 

6. 
			   Fractional Shares  .  No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued in connection with any exercise hereunder, but in lieu of such fractional shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor based on the fair market value of the Common Stock  on the date of exercise.     

7. 
			   Compliance with Securities Act; Disposition of Warrant or Shares of Common Stock  .     

(a) 
			   Representations of Holder  .  The holder of this Warrant, by acceptance hereof, agrees that this Warrant, and the Shares to be issued upon exercise hereof are being acquired for investment and that such holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant, or any Shares except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities Act   ) or any applicable state securities laws. In addition, in connection with the issuance of this Warrant, the holder specifically represents to the Company by acceptance of this Warrant as follows:     

(i) 
			   The holder is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition, and has acquired information about the Company sufficient to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire this Warrant.  The holder is acquiring this Warrant for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for the resale in connection with, any  distribution  thereof in violation of the Securities Act.     

(ii) 
			   The holder understands that this Warrant has not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the holder s investment intent as expressed herein.      

(iii) 
			   The holder further understands that this Warrant must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and qualified under any applicable state securities laws, or unless exemptions from registration and qualification are otherwise available.  The holder is aware of the provisions of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act.     

(iv) 
			   The holder is an  accredited investor  as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.     

(b) 
			   Disposition of Warrant or Shares  .  With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Warrant or any Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of this Warrant prior to registration of such Warrant or Shares, the holder hereof agrees to give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with a written opinion of such holder s counsel, or other evidence, if reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such offer, sale or other disposition may be effected without registration or qualification (under the Securities Act as then in effect or any federal or state securities law then in effect) of this Warrant or the Shares and indicating whether or not under the Securities Act certificates for this Warrant or the Shares to be sold or otherwise disposed of require any restrictive legend as to applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with such law.  Upon receiving such written notice and reasonably satisfactory opinion or other evidence, the Company, as promptly as practicable but no later than 15 days after receipt of the written notice, shall notify such holder that such holder may sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or such Shares, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered to the Company.  If a determination has been made pursuant to this   Section 7(b)   that the opinion of counsel for the holder or other evidence is not reasonably satisfactory to the Company, the Company shall so notify the holder promptly with      

details thereof after such determination has been made.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Warrant or such Shares may, as to such federal laws, be offered, sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Rule 144   under the Securities Act, provided that the Company shall have been furnished with such information as the Company may reasonably request to provide a reasonable assurance that the provisions of Rule 144   have been satisfied.  Each certificate representing this Warrant or the Shares thus transferred (except a transfer pursuant to Rule 144  ) shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with such laws, unless in the aforesaid opinion of counsel for the holder, such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with such laws.  The Company may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions.     

(c) 
			   Applicability of Restrictions  .  Neither any restrictions of any legend described in this Warrant nor the requirements of   Section 7(b)   above shall apply to any transfer or grant of a security interest in this Warrant (or the Shares obtainable upon exercise thereof) or any part hereof (i) to a partner of the holder if the holder is a partnership or to a member of the holder if the holder is a limited liability company, (ii) to a partnership of which the holder is a partner or a limited liability company of which the holder is a member, or (iii) to any affiliate of the holder if the holder is a corporation;   provided, however  , in any such transfer, if applicable, the transferee shall on the Company s request agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Warrant as if an original holder hereof.     

8. 
			   Rights as Stockholders; Information  .  No holder of this Warrant, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common Stock or any other securities which may at any time be issuable upon the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until this Warrant shall have been exercised and the Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will transmit to the holder of this Warrant such information, documents and reports as are generally distributed to the holders of any class or series of the securities of the Company concurrently with the distribution thereof to the stockholders: provided, that the filing by the Company of any such materials on the EDGAR system of the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the Company s obligation to deliver such material to the holder of this Warrant.     

9. 
			     Representations and Warranties  .  The Company represents and warrants to the holder of this Warrant as follows:     

(a) 
			   This Warrant has been duly authorized and executed by the Company and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and the rules of law or principles at equity governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies;     

(b) 
			   The Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by the Company and, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;     

(c) 
			   The execution and delivery of this Warrant are not, and the issuance of the Shares upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof will not be, inconsistent with the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the    Charter Documents   ), do not and will not contravene any law, governmental rule or regulation, judgment or order applicable to the Company, and do not and will not conflict with or contravene any provision of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument of which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration or filing with or the taking of any action in respect of or by, any Federal, state, local or foreign government authority or agency or other person, except for the filing of notices pursuant to federal or state securities laws, which filings will be effected by the time required thereby;     

(d) 
			   There are no actions, suits, audits, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company in any court or before any governmental commission, board or authority which, if adversely determined, will have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant;     

10. 
			          Modification and Waiver  .  This Warrant and any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.     

11. 
			   Notices  .  Any notice, request, communication or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the holder hereof or the Company shall be delivered, or shall be sent by reputable overnight courier service, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, to the initial holder at the address set forth below, to any subsequent holder at its address as shown on the books of the Company or to the Company at the address set forth below.     

If to the initial holder: 

Carolina Footwear Group, LLC 

34 West 33rd Street. 

New York, NY 10001 

Attention: Max M. Mizrachi 

If to the Company: 

Cherokee Inc. 

5990 Sepulveda Blvd., Suite 600 

Sherman Oaks, CA 91411 

Each of the foregoing parties shall be entitled to specify a different address by giving five days  advance written notice as aforesaid to the other parties.  All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been received (i) in the case of personal delivery, on the   

date of such delivery and (ii) in the case of mailing, on the third business day following the date of such mailing. 

12. 
			   Binding Effect on Successors  .  This Warrant shall be binding upon any corporation succeeding the Company by merger, consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, and all of the obligations of the Company relating to the Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall survive the exercise and termination of this Warrant and all of the covenants and agreements of the Company shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the holder hereof.      

13. 
			   Lost Warrants or Stock Certificates  .  The Company covenants to the holder hereof that, upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Company, or in the case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate, of like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant or stock certificate.     

14. 
			   Descriptive Headings  .  The descriptive headings of the several paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant.  The language in this Warrant shall be construed as to its fair meaning without regard to which party drafted this Warrant.     

15. 
			   Governing Law  .  This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of California.     

16. 
			   Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements  .  All representations and warranties of the Company and the holder hereof contained herein shall survive the Date of Grant, the exercise of this Warrant (or any part hereof) or the termination or expiration of rights hereunder.  All agreements of the Company and the holder hereof contained herein shall survive indefinitely until, by their respective terms, they are no longer operative.     

17. 
			   Remedies  .  In case any one or more of the covenants and agreements contained in this Warrant shall have been breached, the holders hereof (in the case of a breach by the Company), or the Company (in the case of a breach by a holder), may proceed to protect and enforce their or its rights either by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including, but not limited to, an action for damages as a result of any such breach and/or an action for specific performance of any such covenant or agreement contained in this Warrant.     

18. 
			   No Impairment of Rights  .  The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter Documents or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holder of this Warrant against impairment.     

19. 
			   Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Warrant in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction, or affect any other provision of this Warrant, which shall remain in full force and effect.     

20. 
			   Recovery of Litigation Costs  .  If any legal action or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Warrant, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Warrant, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which it or they may be entitled.     

21. 
			     Entire Agreement; Modification  .  This Warrant constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter contained in it and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, and undertakings of the parties, whether oral or written, with respect to such subject matter.     

CHEROKEE INC  

/s/ Howard Siegel  

By:  

Howard Siegel  

Title:  

President  

EXHIBIT A-1 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

To:  Cherokee Inc. (the  Company ) 

1.  The undersigned hereby elects to purchase                    shares of Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant. 

2.  The undersigned elects to exercise the attached Warrant by means of [a cash payment and tenders herewith payment of the purchase price of such shares in full][   a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(b) of the attached Warrant  ]. The undersigned represents that the aforesaid shares are being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof and that the undersigned has no present intention of distributing or reselling such shares, all except as in compliance with applicable securities laws.  The undersigned represents that it is an  accredited investor  as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

3.  Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name or names as are specified below: 

(Name)  

(Address)  

Name of Holder  

Signature of Authorized Signatory  

Name and Title of Signatory  

Date:  

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 6
 chke-20161029ex101ac18ae.htm
 EX-10.1

chke_Ex10_1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTIVE VERSION 

FINANCING AGREEMENT  Dated as of December 7, 2016   by and among   Cherokee Inc., as U.S. Borrower, 

Irene Acquisition Company B.V., as Dutch Borrower,   AND EACH SUBSIDIARY OF CHEROKEE INC. LISTED AS A GUARANTOR ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO, as Guarantors,   THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, as Lenders,   CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC, as Collateral Agent,   and   CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC, as Administrative Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SCHEDULE AND EXHIBITS 

Schedule 1.01(A)  

Lenders and Lenders' Commitments  

Schedule 1.01(B)  

Facilities  

Schedule 1.01(C)  

Subsidiary Guarantors  

Schedule 1.01(D)  

Immaterial Subsidiaries  

Schedule 6.01(e)  

Capitalization; Subsidiaries  

Schedule 6.01(f)  

Litigation  

Schedule 6.01(i)  

ERISA  

Schedule 6.01(l)  

Nature of Business  

Schedule 6.01(q)  

Environmental Matters  

Schedule 6.01(r)  

Insurance  

Schedule 6.01(u)  

Intellectual Property  

Schedule 6.01(v)  

Material Contracts  

Schedule 7.02(a)  

Existing Liens  

Schedule 7.02(b)  

Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 7.02(e)  

Existing Investments  

Schedule 7.02(k)  

Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions  

Schedule 8.01  

Cash Management Accounts  

Exhibit A  

Form of Joinder Agreement  

Exhibit B  

Form of Assignment and Acceptance  

Exhibit C  

Form of Notice of Borrowing  

Exhibit D  

Form of LIBOR Notice  

Exhibit E  

Form of Solvency Certificate  

FINANCING AGREEMENT 

Financing Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2016, by and among Cherokee Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "  Parent  " and, together with each other Person that is a domestic Subsidiary of Parent and executes a joinder agreement and becomes a "U.S. Borrower" hereunder, each a "  U.S. Borrower  " and, collectively, the "  U.S. Borrowers  "), Irene Acquisition Company B.V., a private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its statutory seat (  statutaire zetel  ) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 67160921 (the "  Dutch Borrower  " and, together with the U.S. Borrowers, each a "  Borrower  " and collectively, the "  Borrowers  "), each subsidiary of the Parent listed as a "  Guarantor  " on the signature pages hereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a "Guarantor" hereunder or otherwise guaranties all or any part of the Obligations (as hereinafter defined), each a "  Guarantor  " and collectively, the "  Guarantors  "), the lenders from time to time party hereto (each a "  Lender  " and collectively, the "  Lenders  "), Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("  Cerberus  "), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the "  Collateral Agent  "), and Cerberus, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the "  Administrative Agent  " and together with the Collateral Agent, each an "  Agent  " and collectively, the "  Agents  "). 

RECITALS 

The Borrowers have asked the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrowers consisting of (a) a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of $28,000,000 (the "  Tranche A Term Loan  ") to the U.S. Borrowers, (b) a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of $17,000,000 (the "  Tranche B Term Loan  ") to the Dutch Borrower, and (c) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding to the U.S. Borrowers.  The proceeds of the term loans made on the Effective Date (as defined herein) shall be used to finance a portion of the Transactions (as defined herein) and the loans made under the revolving credit facility shall be used, after the Effective Date, for general working capital purposes.  The Lenders are severally, and not jointly, willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I                                                DEFINITIONS; CERTAIN TERMS 

Section 1.01        Definitions  .  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below: 

"  Account Debtor  " means, with respect to any Person, each debtor, customer or obligor in any way obligated on or in connection with any Account of such Person. 

"  Acquisition  " means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all of the Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person. 

"  Acquisition Agreements  " means, collectively, the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreements. 

"  Acquisition Collateral Assignment  " means the Collateral Assignment of the Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents, dated as of the date hereof, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by the Dutch Borrower in favor of the Collateral Agent. 

"  Acquisition Documents  " means, collectively, the Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents and the Asset Purchase Agreements and all other agreements, instruments and other documents related thereto or executed in connection therewith. 

"  Action  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.12. 

"  Additional Amount  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(a). 

"  Administrative Agent  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Administrative Agent's Account  " means an account at a bank designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time as the account into which the Loan Parties shall make all payments to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

"  Administrative Borrower  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.05. 

"  Affiliate  " means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person.  For purposes of this definition, "control" of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10% or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an "Affiliate" of any Loan Party. 

"  After Acquired Property  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(n). 

"  Agent  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Agreement  " means this Financing Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and supplements and any exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, and shall refer to the Agreement as the same may be in effect at the time such reference becomes operative. 

2 

"  Annualized Basis  "  means, with respect to calculating an amount (i) for the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date, such amount for the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date   times   four (4), (ii) for the second full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date, such amount for the first two full fiscal quarters ending after the Effective Date   times   two (2), (iii) for the third full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date, such amount for the first three full fiscal quarters ending after the Effective Date   times   four-thirds (4/3), and (iv) for the fourth full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date and each period thereafter, such amount for the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ending. 

"  Anti-Corruption Laws  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(bb). 

"  Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws  " means any Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, economic sanctions or money laundering, including, without limitation, (a) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (  i.e.  , 18 U.S.C.    1956 and 1957), (b) the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (31 U.S.C.    5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C.    1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), and the implementing regulations promulgated thereunder, (c) the USA PATRIOT Act and the implementing regulations promulgated thereunder, (d) the laws, regulations and Executive Orders administered by the United States Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("  OFAC  "), (e) any law prohibiting or directed against terrorist activities or the financing or support of terrorist activities (  e.g.  , 18 U.S.C.    2339A and 2339B), and (f) any similar laws enacted in the United States or any other jurisdictions in which the parties to this Agreement operate, as any of the foregoing laws have been, or shall hereafter be, amended, renewed, extended, or replaced and all other present and future legal requirements of any Governmental Authority governing, addressing, relating to, or attempting to eliminate, terrorist acts and acts of war and any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 

"  Applicable Limitations  " means, with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Borrower), limitations on the ability of such Subsidiary to guaranty the Obligations, to grant a Lien on its assets to secure the Obligations or to make a dividend or distribution required to fund a mandatory prepayment required to be made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(c), to the extent resulting from financial assistance, corporate benefit, fraudulent transfer, equitable subordination, thin capitalization, capital maintenance or liquidity impairment rules, employee approval requirements, fiduciary and statutory duties of directors of the applicable Subsidiary or similar legal principles, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower. 

"  Applicable Margin  " means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the interest rate of (a) any Reference Rate Loans or any portion thereof, 6.00% and (ii) any LIBOR Rate Loans or any portion thereof, 8.50%. 

"  Applicable Premium  " means 

(a)        as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (c), (d) or (e) of the definition thereof: 

(i)      during the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the date that is the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the "  First Period  "), an 

3 

amount equal to 2.00%   times   the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B)  

the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such ApplicablePremium Trigger Event; 

(ii)       during the period after the First Period up to and including the date   that is the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the "  Second Period  "), an amount equal to 1.00%   times   the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; and 

(iii)    thereafter, zero; 

(b)        as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (a) of the definition thereof: 

(i)      during the First Period, an amount equal to 2.00%   times   the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment on such date; 

(ii)     during the Second Period, an amount equal to 1.00%   times   the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment on such date; and 

(iii)    thereafter, zero; and 

(c)        as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (b) of the definition thereof: 

(i)      during the First Period, an amount equal to 2.00%   times   the amount of the Term Loan Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) being paid on such date; 

(ii)     during the Second Period, an amount equal to 1.00%   times   the amount of the Term Loan Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) being paid on such date; and 

(iii)    thereafter, zero. 

"  Applicable Premium Trigger Event  " means 

(a)        any permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05 or Section 9.01; 

(b)        any payment by any Loan Party of all, or any part, of the principal balance of any Term Loan for any reason (including, without limitation, any optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment, other than any payment pursuant to Section 2.03(b) (but including for the avoidance of doubt clause (ii) of the last sentence thereof, which shall be subject to the Applicable Premium), Section 2.03(c) (but including for the avoidance of doubt clause (ii) of the  

4 

last sentence thereof, which shall be subject to the Applicable Premium), Section 2.05(c)(i) or Section 2.05(c)(iv)) whether before or after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (ii) the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the Obligations; 

(c)        the acceleration of the Obligations for any reason, including, without limitation, acceleration in accordance with Section 9.01, including as a result of the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding; 

(d)        the satisfaction, release, payment, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Obligations in any Insolvency Proceeding, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any Insolvency Proceeding to any Agent, for the account of the Lenders in full or partial satisfaction of the Obligations; or 

(e)        the termination of this Agreement for any reason. 

"  Asset Purchase Agreements  " means, collectively, the Batra Asset Purchase Agreement, the Eastman Asset Purchase Agreements and the South Africa Asset Purchase Agreement. 

"  Assignment and Acceptance  " means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Collateral Agent (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable), in accordance with Section 12.07 hereof and substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto or such other form acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 

"  Authorized Officer  " means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, president or executive vice president of such Person or, if not applicable to any such Person, the authorized directors of the Board of Directors of such Person. 

"  Availability  " means, at any time, the difference between (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans. 

"  Bankruptcy Code  " means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

"  Batra Asset Purchase Agreement  " means the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between Hi-Tec Sports PLC, incorporated and registered in England and Wales, Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, incorporated and registered in England and Wales, Hi-Tec and Hi-Tec Sports France SA, incorporated and registered in France, as sellers, the Dutch Borrower, as the additional warrantor, and the Batra Partner, as buyer. 

"  Batra A/R  " means the Book Debts, as such term is defined in the Batra Acquisition Agreement. 

5 

"  Batra A/R Facility Loan  " means the loan extended by Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989 to the Dutch Borrower pursuant to that certain Promissory Note made by the Dutch Borrower in favor of Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989, dated as of the Effective Date. 

"  Batra License Agreements  " means, collectively, (x) the Apparel License Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 by and between Hi-Tec, as licensor, and the Batra Partner, as licensee and (y) the Footwear License Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 by and between Hi-Tec, as licensor, and the Batra Partner, as licensee. 

"  Batra Partner  " means Batra Limited, incorporated and registered in England and Wales. 

"  Blocked Person  " means any Person: 

(a)        that (i) is identified on the list of "Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons" published by OFAC; (ii) ordinarily resides, or is organized or chartered in a country or territory that is the subject of a comprehensive OFAC Sanctions Program; or (iii) a United States Person is prohibited from dealing or engaging in a transaction with under any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws; and       

(b)        that is owned or controlled by, or that owns or controls, or that is acting for or on behalf of, any Person described in clause (a) above where dealings with that Person would be prohibited under applicable Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws 

"  Board  " means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States   (or any successor)  . 

"  Board of Directors  " means with respect to (a) any corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership, (c) a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee or board of directors of such company or the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 

"  Borrower  " and "  Borrowers  " have the meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Business Day  " means (a) for all purposes other than as described in clause (b) below, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required to close, and (b) with respect to the borrowing, payment or continuation of, or determination of interest rate on, LIBOR Rate Loans, any day that is a Business Day described in clause (a) above and on which dealings in Dollars may be carried on in the interbank eurodollar markets in New York City and London and, with respect to any such borrowing, payment or continuation of, or determination of interest rate on a Tranche B Term Loan, Amsterdam. 

"  Canadian Security Documents  "   means   the Canadian pledge and security agreement, and all other documents delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or 

6 

any of the other Loan Documents in order to grant to, or perfect in favor of, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Loan Parties, a Lien on any real or personal property of that Loan Party as security for the Obligations. 

"  Capital Expenditures  " means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in "property, plant and equipment" or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, including all Capitalized Lease Obligations, obligations under synthetic leases and capitalized software costs that are paid or due and payable during such period and (b) to the extent not covered by clause (a) above, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to acquire by purchase or otherwise the business or fixed assets of, or the Equity Interests of, any other Person;   provided  , that the term "Capital Expenditures" shall not include any such expenditures which constitute (i) expenditures financed with the proceeds received from any issuance of Indebtedness or from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests, (ii) expenditures that are accounted for as capital expenditures of such Person and that actually are paid for by a third party (excluding any Loan Party) and for which no Loan Party has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such third party or any other Person (whether before, during or after such period), (iii) expenditures made with the proceeds of tenant allowances received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from landlords in the ordinary course of business and subsequently capitalized, and (iv) the purchase price of equipment that is purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade in of existing equipment to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time. 

"  Capitalized Lease  " means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 

"  Capitalized Lease Obligations  " means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

"  Cash Equivalents  " means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moody's or A 1 by Standard   Poor's; (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 360 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; (d) repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable  

7 

direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof; (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of $2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition; and (f) marketable tax exempt securities rated A or higher by Moody's or A+ or higher by Standard   Poor's, in each case, maturing within 270 days from the  

date of acquisition thereof and (g) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, cash and cash equivalents that are substantially equivalent in such jurisdiction to those described in clauses (a) through (f) above in respect of each country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 

"  Cash Management Accounts  " means the bank accounts of each Loan Party maintained at one or more Cash Management Banks listed on Schedule 8.01. 

"  Cash Management Bank  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8.01(a). 

"  Cerberus  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  CFC  " means a controlled foreign corporation (as that term is defined in the Internal Revenue Code). 

"  Change in Law  " means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a "Change in Law", regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

"  Change of Control  " means each occurrence of any of the following: 

(a)          the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of beneficial ownership of more than 33% of the aggregate outstanding voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of the Parent;  

(b)          at any time, any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) has the ability to appoint a majority of the Board of Directors of the Parent; 

(c)          the Parent shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100% of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(c)(i)), free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens);     or 

8 

(d)          a "Change of Control" (or any comparable term or provision) under or with respect to (i) any of the Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any Indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries having an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of $750,000. 

"  Closing Representations and Warranties  " means, collectively, (a) the Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations, (b) with respect to Parent and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Hi-Tec Acquisition, the Specified Representations and the representations and warranties contained in Sections 6.01(e) (as to the third sentence thereof only), 6.01(g)(i) (as to the second sentence thereof only), 6.01(j), 6.01(o) and 6.01(u), and (c) with respect to Hi-Tec, the Specified Representations. 

"  Collateral  " means all of the property and assets and all interests therein and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted by such Person as security for all or any part of the Obligations. 

"  Collateral Agent  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Collateral Agent Advances  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.08(a). 

"  Collections  " means all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, proceeds of cash sales, rental proceeds, and tax refunds). 

"  Commitment Letter  " means the Commitment Letter, dated as of November 29, 2016, by and between Parent and Cerberus.  

"  Commitments  " means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment, Tranche A Term Loan Commitment and Tranche B Term Loan Commitment. 

"  Common Stock  " means the common stock of the Parent, $0.02 par value per share. 

"  Compliance Certificate  " has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01(a)(iv). 

"  Consolidated EBITDA  " means, with respect to any Person for any period: 

(a)        the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, 

plus    

(b)        without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period: 

(i)          any Tax expense and any provision for Taxes of each Borrower and their Subsidiaries, including, in each case, federal, state, provincial, foreign, unitary, franchise, excise, property, withholding and similar Taxes,  

9 

(ii)         Consolidated Net Interest Expense,  

(iii)        any loss from extraordinary items,  

(iv)         any depreciation and amortization expense,  

(v)          any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business,  

(vi)         any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), including, without limitation, any stock based compensation paid to any employees or directors of Parent, 

(vii)        fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) paid or reimbursed to any Agent or Lender in connection with the Loan Documents, including in connection with any amendments, waivers or modifications of the Loan Documents, 

(viii)       any financing or closing expenses or charge related to the consummation of the Transactions incurred (x) in respect of such expenses or charges incurred on or prior to the Effective Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $14,562,191.34 and (y) in respect of such expenses and charges incurred after the Effective Date but no later than 6 months after the Effective Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $375,000 during the term of this Agreement, 

(ix)         any net after-tax extraordinary, nonrecurring or unusual gains or losses or income or expense or charges (less all fees and expenses related thereto) related to consolidation costs, restructuring costs, severance and relocation costs, retention, severance and systems establishment costs, the integration of the Hi-Tec business and the transition of the Hi-Tec business into a licensing model (including expenses relating to headcount reduction severance and termination of certain agreements in connection therewith) not to exceed (x) with respect to the Hi-Tec Acquisition, the amounts disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Effective Date, provided such amounts are incurred within the time periods so disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent and do not exceed $4,250,000 in the aggregate for all such items, (y) with respect to operating improvements incorporated by the Parent and disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Effective Date for the fiscal quarters ended January 30, 2017 and April 30, 2017, provided that such amounts do not exceed for all such items in the aggregate $1,200,000 less the amounts of actual operating improvements achieved for any period in which amounts under this subclause (y) are included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA and (z) with respect to all other losses, expenses or charges, $750,000 in the aggregate for  any such period, provided that with respect to each such charge, (A) such charge must have been incurred within 12 months from the related action or event and (B) the Parent shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of an Authorized Officer specifying and quantifying such charge, 

(x)          costs and expenses incurred in such period to the extent actually reimbursed by third parties in such period pursuant to indemnification, contribution or other  

10 

reimbursement obligations to the extent that such amounts so reimbursed are not otherwise already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, 

(xi)         charges, costs, fees and expenses paid in connection with any transaction (or any transaction proposed and not consummated) permitted under this Agreement, including (1) the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness or equity issued to finance such acquisition), (2) the issuance or offering of any Equity Interest and (3) the making of any other Permitted Investments, in each case (A) if such transaction is consummated, only to the extent such charges, costs, fees and expenses are included in the use of proceeds in connection with the consummation of such transaction and (B) for all such transactions that are not consummated, only to the extent that the aggregate amount of such charges, costs, fees and expenses shall not exceed $150,000 for the first four full fiscal quarters following the Effective Date and $350,000 for any four fiscal quarter period thereafter, 

(xii)        non-cash exchange, translation, or performance losses relating to any hedging transactions or foreign currency fluctuations, 

(xiii)     to the extent not otherwise included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, proceeds of business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as the Parent in good faith expects the Parent and its Subsidiaries to receive the same within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood that to the extent not actually received within such fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated EBITDA at the end of such four fiscal quarter period)), 

minus    

(c)        without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such period: 

(i)          any Tax credit for Taxes of each Borrower and their Subsidiaries, including, in each case, federal, state, provincial, foreign, unitary, franchise, excise, property, withholding and similar Taxes,  

(ii)         any gain from extraordinary items,  

(iii)        any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business,  

(iv)         any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(vi) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest, and 

(v)          non-cash exchange, translation, or performance gains relating to any hedging transactions or foreign currency fluctuations; 

in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

11 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA under this Agreement, Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ended (x) April 30, 2016 shall be deemed to be $7,195,000, (y) July 30, 2016 shall be deemed to be $5,215,000 and (z) with respect to the Hi-Tec Entities only, October 31, 2016 shall be deemed to be $1,524,000. 

"  Consolidated Net Income  " means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined in accordance with GAAP;   provided  ,    however  , that the following shall be excluded:  (a) the net income of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions paid to such Person or Subsidiary, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation, (c) the net income of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries, (d) any net income or loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (e) any accruals or reserves incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan, any stock subscription agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement, and (f) any (1) good will or other asset impairment charges, write-offs or write-downs or (2) amortization of intangible assets. 

"  Consolidated Net Interest Expense  " means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person),   less   (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such period and (ii) gains for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense),   plus   (c) the sum of (i) losses for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), (ii) all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit, and (iii) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP. 

"  Contingent Indemnity Obligations  " means any Obligation constituting a contingent, unliquidated indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent (a) such obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made or is reasonably anticipated to be made with respect thereto. 

"  Contingent Obligation  " means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations ("primary obligations") of any other Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of  

12 

nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof;   provided  ,    however  , that the term "Contingent Obligation" shall not include (a) any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business, (b) endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, or (c) indemnities incurred in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith. 

"  Contractual Obligation  " means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

"  Control Agreement  " means, with respect to any deposit account, any securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, (a) an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the Loan Party maintaining such account, effective to grant "control" (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account to the Collateral Agent and (b) if administered or held with any financial institution in the Netherlands, a notification of pledge to be sent in connection with the Dutch Security Agreement by any relevant Loan Party to the relevant financial institution and which notification of pledge is to be countersigned for consent to and acknowledgement of any such right of pledge on behalf of the relevant financial institution. 

"  Credit Limiter  " means (x) the product of (I) Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the 12 consecutive fiscal month period most recently concluded   multiplied     by   (II) the then in effect Leverage Ratio used as the test level under Section 7.03(a),   less   (y) the sum of the outstanding aggregate amount of all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) in the definition thereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all outstanding Term Loans and Revolving Loans) of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period. 

"  Current Value  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 

"  Debtor Relief Law  " means the Bankruptcy Code and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, 

13 

rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect. 

"  Default  " means an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

"  Defaulting Lender  " means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within 2 Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within 2 Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Administrative Borrower, or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender's obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender's good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within 3 Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (  provided   that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Administrative Borrower and each Lender. 

"  Disbursement Letter  " means a disbursement letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Borrowers, the Agents, the Lenders and the other Persons party thereto, and the related funds flow memorandum describing the sources and uses of all cash payments in connection with the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date. 

14 

"  Disposition  " means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells, assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person.  For purposes of clarification, "Disposition" shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts or (b) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification). 

"  Disqualified Equity Interests  " means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date. 

"  Dollar  ," "  Dollars  " and the symbol "  $  " each means lawful money of the United States of America. 

"  Domestic Subsidiary  " means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia. 

"  Dutch Borrower  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Dutch Deeds of Pledge of Shares  " means, collectively: 

(a)        the Dutch law deed of pledge of shares of all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Dutch Borrower between the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, Cherokee Inc., as pledgor, and the Dutch Borrower as the company; 

(b)        the Dutch law deed of pledge of shares of all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Hi-Tec between the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, the Dutch Borrower, as pledgor, and the Hi-Tec as the company; 

(c)        the Dutch law deed of pledge of shares of all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V. between the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, Hi-Tec Sports PLC, as pledgor, and Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V. as the company; and 

15 

(d)        the Dutch law deed of pledge of shares of all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Hi-Tec Nederland B.V. between the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, Hi-Tec Sports PLC, as pledgor, and Hi-Tec Nederland B.V. as the company. 

"  Dutch Security Agreement  " means the Dutch law security agreement between, among others, the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, and each of the Dutch Borrower, Hi-Tec, Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V. and Hi-Tec Nederland B.V., as pledgors. 

"  Dutch Security Documents  " means, collectively, the Dutch Security Agreement and the Dutch Deeds of Pledge of Shares. 

"  Eastman Asset Purchase Agreements  " means, collectively, (i) the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between Hi-Tec Sports USA, Inc., a California corporation, as seller, the Dutch Borrower, the Parent, and the Eastman Partner, as buyer and (ii) the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between Hi-Tec Sports (Canada) Ltd., an Ontario corporation, as seller, the Dutch Borrower, the Parent and the Eastman Partner, as buyer. 

"  Eastman License Agreement  " means the License Agreement dated as of December 7, 2016 by and between Hi-Tec, as licensor, and the Eastman Partner, as licensee. 

"  Eastman Partner  " means Carolina Footwear Group, LLC, a New York limited liability company, d/b/a Hi-Tec Footwear North America (or in the United States, Hi-Tec Sports USA, or in Canada, Hi-Tec Sports Canada). 

"  Effective Date  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01. 

"  Employee Plan  " means an employee benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) covered by Title IV of ERISA and maintained (or that was maintained at any time during the 6 calendar years preceding the date of any borrowing hereunder) for employees of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates. 

"  Environmental Actions  " means any complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other written communication from any Person or Governmental Authority involving violations of Environmental Laws or Releases of Hazardous Materials (a) from any assets, properties or businesses owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest; (b) from adjoining properties or businesses; or (c) onto any facilities which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest.  

"  Environmental Laws  " means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C.   9601,   et     seq  .), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C.   1801,   et     seq  .), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C.   6901,   et     seq  .), the Federal Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C.   1251   et     seq  .), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.   7401   et     seq  .), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C.   2601   et     seq  .) and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C.   651   et     seq  .), as such laws may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, and any other Requirement of Law, permit, 

16 

license or other binding determination of any Governmental Authority imposing liability or establishing standards of conduct for protection of the environment or the Release, of any Hazardous Materials into the environment. 

"  Environmental Liabilities and Costs  " means all liabilities, monetary obligations, Remedial Actions, losses, damages, punitive damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigations and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to any environmental condition or a Release of Hazardous Materials from or onto (a) any property presently or formerly owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) any facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 

"  Environmental Lien  " means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs. 

"  Equity Interests  " means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, but in each case, excluding (a) any debt security that is convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares (or such other equity interests) prior to the conversion or exchange and (b) any stock appreciation rights, interests in phantom equity plans or similar rights or interests. 

"  Equity Issuance  " means either (a) the sale or issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by the Parent of any cash capital contributions. 

"  ERISA  " means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case, as in effect from time to time. 

"  ERISA Affiliate  " means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of which such Person is a member and which would be deemed to be a "controlled group" within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

"  Equity Offering  " means the offering of the Parent s Common Stock pursuant to and as described in the Prospectus. 

"  Escrow Agent  " means ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (trading as ABN AMRO Escrow   Settlement), as escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement. 

17 

"  Escrow Agreement  " means that certain Escrow Agreement dated as December 5, 2016 by and among Sunningdale Corporation Limited, as the seller, the Dutch Borrower, as the buyer, the Batra Partner and the Eastman Partner, as the APA purchasers, Cerberus, as the agent, and the Escrow Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents. 

"  Event of Default  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01. 

"  Excess Cash Flow  " means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period,   less   (b) the sum of, without duplication, (i) all cash principal payments (excluding any principal payments made pursuant to Section 2.05(b) or Section 2.05(c)) on the Loans made during such period (but, in the case of the Revolving Loans, only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), and all cash principal payments on Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement) of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent such other Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement (but, in the case of revolving loans, only to the extent that the revolving credit commitment in respect thereof is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), (ii) all Consolidated Net Interest Expense to the extent paid or payable in cash during such period, (iii) the cash portion of Capital Expenditures made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent permitted to be made under this Agreement (excluding Capital Expenditures to the extent financed through the incurrence of Indebtedness or through an Equity Issuance), (iv) all scheduled loan servicing fees and other similar fees in respect of Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries paid in cash during such period, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, (v) income taxes paid in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (vi) the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the end of such period over Working Capital at the beginning of such period (or minus the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the beginning of such period over Working Capital at the end of such period) and (vii) to the extent paid in such period, the cash portion of any amounts added back to the definition of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant clauses (b)(vii), (b)(viii), (b)(ix) and (b)(x) of the definition thereof. 

"  Exchange Act  " means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

"  Excluded Account  " means (a) any deposit account specifically and exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of any Loan Party's employees and (b) any Petty Cash Accounts. 

"  Excluded Subsidiary  " means: 

(a)      any Immaterial Subsidiary; 

(b)      any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law or third party Contractual Obligation (which Contractual Obligation exists on the Effective Date or at the time of acquisition of such Subsidiary and is not entered into in contemplation of the Effective Date or such acquisition) from providing a Guaranty or that would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to  

18 

provide a Guaranty that has not been obtained or where the provision of such Guaranty would otherwise result in material adverse tax consequences, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower; 

(c)      any Subsidiary to the extent it is not within the legal capacity of such Person to provide a Guaranty or the provision of a Guaranty would conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Person's directors or result in a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer or director of such Person, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower;  

(d)      with respect to the U.S. Obligations only (without excluding such Subsidiary from any obligations it may otherwise have hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to guarantee and/or pledge stock and assets with respect to the Foreign Obligations), any Subsidiary that is   a direct or indirect   Subsidiary of a U.S. Loan Party and is a (i) CFC or (ii) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a CFC; and 

(e)      any other Subsidiary to the extent that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of providing a Guaranty and/or granting or perfecting a security interest in its assets outweighs or is disproportionate to the benefit of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Administrative Borrower and the Collateral Agent. 

"  Excluded Taxes  " means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such   interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than   pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.12(b))     or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.09, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient's failure to comply with Section 2.09(d) and (d)   any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA  . 

"  Executive Order No. 13224  " means the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 

"  Existing Credit Facilities  " means, collectively, (a) the Credit Agreement dated September 4, 2012 (as amended or otherwise modified), among,   inter alios  , the Parent, as borrower, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as lender, and the related documents, agreements and instruments entered into or delivered in connection therewith, (b) the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2006 (as amended or otherwise 

19 

modified), among,   inter alios  ,  Hi-Tec USA Sports USA Inc., Hi-Tec Retail, Inc. and Hi-Tec Sports (Canada) Ltd, as borrowers, and Bank of America, N.A., as lender, and the related documents, agreements and instruments entered into or delivered in connection therewith and (c) the Financial Services Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2015 (as amended or otherwise modified), among Hi-Tec Nederland B.V., Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. and Hi-Tec Sports UK Ltd., as borrowers, and Deutsche Bank AG, Amsterdam Branch, as lender, and the related documents, agreements and instruments entered into or delivered in connection therewith. 

"  Existing Lenders  " means the lenders and/or any other financial institutions providing credit or other financial accommodations under the Existing Credit Facilities. 

"  Extraordinary Receipts  " means any cash received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.05(c)(ii) or (iii) hereof), including, without limitation, (a) foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds (but excluding any tax credits applied to future years), (b) pension plan reversions, (c) proceeds of insurance including without limitation under the warranty and indemnity insurance policy issued by AIG Europe Limited in connection with the Transactions, for the benefit of the Dutch Borrower and/or its Affiliates (other than to the extent such insurance proceeds are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or with Contractual Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any out-of-pocket costs incurred or made by such Person prior to the receipt thereof directly related to the event resulting from the payment of such proceeds), (d) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action (other than to the extent all or any portion of amounts so received are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any costs previously incurred or any payment previously made by such Person), (e) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), (f) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any costs previously incurred or any payment previously made by such Person) and (g) any purchase price adjustment (other than in respect of estimated third party net debt) received in connection with the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement. 

"  Facility  " means the fee owned real property of the Loan Parties identified on Schedule 1.01(B) and any New Facility hereafter acquired by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the land on which each such facility is located, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all fixtures located thereat or used in connection therewith. 

"  FASB ASC  " means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

"  FATCA  " means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively 

20 

comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into thereunder, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any intergovernmental agreements entered in connection therewith. 

"  FCPA  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(bb). 

"  Federal Funds Rate  " means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 

"  Fee Letter  " means the Fee Letter, originally dated as of November 29, 2016 and as amended and restated as of December 7, 2016, by and between the Parent and Cerberus. 

"  Final Maturity Date  " means December 7, 2021. 

"  Financial Statements  " means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Years ended January 31, 2015 and January 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Years then ended, (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of September, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the eight months then ended, (c) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Hi-Tec Entities for the fiscal years of Hi-Tec ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the fiscal years then ended, (d) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Hi-Tec Entities as of October 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the ten months then ended, and (e) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Hi-Tec Entities for each fiscal month of Hi-Tec ended at least 30 days subsequent to the period described in clause (d) and prior to the Effective Date. 

"  Fiscal Year  " means the fiscal year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries comprised of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday nearest to January 31. 

"  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  " means, with respect to any Person for any period, the ratio of (a) (1) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period minus (2) Capital Expenditures made in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to (b) the sum of (i) all principal of Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries scheduled to be paid during such period to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder,   plus   (ii) Consolidated Net Interest Expense paid in cash of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period,   plus   (iii) income taxes paid in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period,   plus   (iv) cash dividends or distributions paid, or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with  

21 

any merger or consolidation), by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, in respect of the Equity Interests of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries (other than dividends or distributions paid by a Loan Party to any other Loan Party) during such period; provided that the amounts set forth in clauses (a)(2) and (b)(i) through (b)(iv) above shall be calculated on an Annualized Basis. 

"  Foreign Corresponding Liabilities  " means the Foreign Obligation of a Foreign Loan Party, excluding its Foreign Parallel Liability. 

"  Foreign Loan Party  " means the Dutch Borrower and each Foreign Subsidiary of Parent that is a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

"  Foreign Obligations  " means any portion of the Obligations arising under or in connection with the Tranche B Term Loan. 

"  Foreign Official  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(bb). 

"  Foreign Parallel Liability  " means a Foreign Loan Party  undertaking pursuant to Section 12.26. 

"  Foreign Security Documents  " means, collectively, the Dutch Security Documents, the UK Security Documents, the Canadian Security Documents, and any other documents create or purport to create a Lien under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction outside the United States. 

"  Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act  " means the US Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (28 U.S.C. Sections 1602-1611), as amended. 

"  Foreign Subsidiary  " means any Subsidiary of Parent that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

"  France Asset Purchase Agreement  " means the asset purchase agreement and/or other instrument(s) of transfer between Hi-Tec Sports PLC, incorporated and registered in England and Wales, and/or its one or more of its Affiliates, relating to the sale of Inventory in France, on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Agents. 

"  Funding Losses  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08. 

"  GAAP  " means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, provided that for the purpose of Section 7.03 hereof and the definitions used therein, "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements, provided, further, that if there occurs after the date of this Agreement any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 7.03 hereof, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower shall negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrowers after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this 

22 

Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 7.03 hereof shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred. 

"  Governing Documents  " means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization; and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed to effectuate its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization. 

"  Governmental Authority  " means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

"  Guaranteed Obligations  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.01. 

"  Guarantor  " means (a) each Subsidiary of the Parent listed as a "Guarantor" on the signature pages hereto (including any Subsidiary Guarantor), and (b) each other Person which guarantees, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations. 

"  Guaranty  " means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor party hereto contained in Article XI hereof and (b) each other guaranty, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by any other Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders guaranteeing all or part of the Obligations. 

"  Hazardous Material  " means (a) any element, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, extremely hazardous substance or chemical, hazardous waste, special waste, or solid waste under Environmental Laws or endangers the environment or risk to human health or safety, including, without limitation, any pollutant, contaminant,  hazardous waste or toxic substance which is defined or identified in any Environmental Law and which is present in the environment in such quantity that it violates any Environmental Law; (b) petroleum and its refined products; (c) polychlorinated biphenyls; (d) any substance exhibiting a hazardous waste characteristic, including, without limitation, corrosivity, ignitability, toxicity or reactivity as well as any radioactive or explosive materials; and (e) any asbestos-containing materials. 

"  Hedging Agreement  " means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any  

23 

combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement. 

"  Hi-Tec  " means   Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V., a private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its statutory seat (  statutaire zetel  ) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 55297587. 

"  Hi-Tec Acquisition  " means the acquisition by Parent and/or its Affiliates of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec pursuant to the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement. 

"  Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement  " means that certain Share Purchase Agreement (including the schedules, annexes and other attachments thereto), dated as of November 29, 2016, relating to the sale and purchase of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec by and among Sunningdale Corporation Limited, a company incorporated under the law of Malta, as seller, the Dutch Borrower, as purchaser, and the Parent, as guarantor. 

"  Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents  " means the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement and all other agreements, instruments and other documents related thereto or executed in connection therewith. 

"  Hi-Tec Dispositions  " means, collectively, the sales and/or transfers by the applicable Hi-Tec Entities to the applicable Hi-Tec Operating Partners pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreements of the working capital and other assets of the Hi-Tec Entities sold or otherwise transferred in accordance with the Asset Purchase Agreements. 

"  Hi-Tec Entities  " means, collectively, Hi-Tec, together with its Subsidiaries being acquired in connection with the Hi-Tec Acquisition. 

"  Hi-Tec License Agreements  " means, collectively, the Batra License Agreements, the Eastman License Agreement and the South Africa License Agreement. 

"  Hi-Tec Operating Partners  " means the Eastman Partner, the Batra Partner and the South Africa Partner. 

"  Highest Lawful Rate  " means, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Obligations under laws applicable to such Agent or such Lender which are currently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow. 

"  Holdout Lender  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(b).   

"  Immaterial Subsidiary  " means, at any time, any Subsidiary that (i) contributed $150,000 or less of the Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been  

24 

delivered or were required to have been delivered, (ii) contributed $150,000 or less of the   revenues of the   Parent and its Subsidiaries   for the   four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered, and (iii) had assets representing   $150,000 or less on the last day of the   four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered; provided that (A) no Subsidiary that owns any Intellectual Property or contributes licensing revenue of the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and (B) if at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, Immaterial Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than $750,000 of the Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered, or more than $750,000 of the revenues of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered or more than   $750,000 of the consolidated assets of the   Parent and its Subsidiaries as   of the   end of the four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered, then   the Parent   shall, not later than 30 days after   the date   by which financial statements for such period are required to be delivered, designate in writing to the Administrative Agent that   one or more of such Subsidiaries is no longer an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement to the extent required such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true.  As of the Effective Date, the Immaterial Subsidiaries are listed on Schedule 1.01(D). 

"  Indebtedness  " means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business and not outstanding for more than 90 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person); (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made; (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and/or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and/or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property; (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (f) the undrawn face amount of all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities; (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements; (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership/operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing; (i) all Contingent Obligations; (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests; and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness;   provided  ,    however  , that the amount of Indebtedness in which  

25 

recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be equal to the lesser of (A) the amount of such obligation and (B) the fair market value of such asset. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in or relationship with such entity. 

"  Indemnified Matters  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 

"  Indemnified Taxes  " means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 

"  Indemnitees  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 

"  Initial Revenue Period  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01(l). 

"  Insolvency Proceeding  " means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law. 

"  Intellectual Property  " has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement. 

"  Intellectual Property Contracts  " means all agreements concerning Intellectual Property, including without limitation license agreements, technology consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements, co-existence agreements, consent agreements and non-assertion agreements. 

"  Intercompany Subordination Agreement  " means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

"  Interest Period  " means, with respect to each LIBOR Rate Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such LIBOR Rate Loan (or the continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan or the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan) and ending 1, 2, or 3 months thereafter;   provided  ,    however  , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the LIBOR Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1, 2 or 3 months after the date on which the  

26 

Interest Period began, as applicable, and (e) the Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Final Maturity Date. 

"  Internal Revenue Code  " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any successor statute thereto) and the regulations thereunder. 

"  Inventory  " means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash. 

"  Investment  " means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, less all return of principal and other cash returns thereof. 

"  Joinder Agreement  " means a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 7.01(b). 

"  Lease  " means any lease of real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor or lessee. 

"  Lender  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Leverage Ratio  " means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) in the definition thereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all outstanding Term Loans and Revolving Loans, but excluding any letters of credit to the extent such letters of credit are cash collateralized) of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period. 

"  LIBOR  " means, with respect to any LIBOR Loan for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters Screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by  

27 

the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; in each case, the "  Screen Rate  ") at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period;   provided  ,    that  , if the Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an "  Impacted Interest Period  ") with respect to Dollars, then the LIBOR Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate at such time.  "  Interpolated Rate  " means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that Screen Rate is available in Dollars) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that Screen Rate is available for Dollars) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if "LIBOR" shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

"  LIBOR Deadline  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a). 

"  LIBOR Notice  " means a written notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D.  

"  LIBOR Option  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a). 

"  LIBOR Rate  " means, for each Interest Period for each LIBOR Rate Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards if necessary, to the next 1/100%) by dividing (i) LIBOR for such Interest Period by (ii) 100% minus the Reserve Percentage;   provided  ,    however  , that, if the LIBOR Rate determined as provided above would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement.  The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted on and as of the effective day of any change in the Reserve Percentage. 

"  LIBOR Rate Loan  " means each portion of a Loan (other than a Reference Rate Loan) that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBOR Rate. 

"  Lien  " means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 

"  Loan  " means any Term Loan or any Revolving Loan made by an Agent or a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Article II hereof. 

"  Loan Account  " means an account maintained hereunder by the Administrative Agent on its books of account at the Payment Office, and with respect to the Borrowers, in which the Borrowers will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other Obligations incurred by, the Borrowers. 

"  Loan Document  " means this Agreement, the Acquisition Collateral Assignment, any Control Agreement, the Disbursement Letter, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, any Security Document, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, any Mortgage,  

28 

any UCC Filing Authorization Letter, any landlord waiver, any collateral access agreement, any Perfection Certificate and any other agreement, instrument, certificate, report and other document required to be executed and delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or otherwise evidencing or securing any Loan or any other Obligation. 

"  Loan Party  " means any Borrower and any Guarantor. 

"  Material Adverse Effect  " means a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform any of their payment obligations and other material obligations, in each case, under the Loan Documents, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability against a Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document (other than as a result of an action or a failure to take an action on the part of any Agent within its reasonable control after having been provided with the information required by the Loan Documents), or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral having a fair market value in excess of $1,000,000. 

"  Material Contract  " means, with respect to any Person, (a) any license or other contract or agreement with an annual minimum consideration payable by or to Parent and/or its Subsidiaries in an amount in excess of $2,500,000 and (b) all other licenses or other contracts or agreements as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

"  Maximum Revolver Amount  " means the lesser of (A) $5,000,000 and (B) an amount of Revolving Loans which would not result in the Credit Limiter being exceeded. 

"  Moody's  " means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

"  Mortgage  " means a mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, securing the Obligations and delivered to the Collateral Agent. 

"  Multiemployer Plan  " means a "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding 6 years. 

"  Net Cash Proceeds  " means, with respect to, any issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts by any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Person or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) in the case of any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection therewith (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement) together with the interest,  

29 

fees and premiums or penalties related thereto, (b) reasonable expenses related thereto (including fees, indemnity, discounts, commissions and salary and other employee-related expenses) incurred by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, (c) transfer taxes paid to any taxing authorities by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, (d)  income or gains taxes estimated in good faith to be payable by the seller (or any direct or indirect parent of the seller) as a result of any gain recognized in connection with such Disposition (or income recognized as a result of a dividend or repatriation of the proceeds of such Disposition) during the tax period the sale occurs (after taking into account any applicable tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), (e) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (i) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Disposition or (ii) any other liabilities retained by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries associated with the properties sold in such Disposition, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities, liabilities related to environmental matters and liability and indemnification obligations associated with such Disposition and (f) any amount funded into an escrow established pursuant to the documents evidencing any such Disposition to secure or otherwise provide for any indemnification obligations or adjustments to the purchase price;   provided  , that, in any case, upon release of any such reserves or escrow, the amount released shall be considered Net Cash Proceeds, in each case, to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are (i) actually paid to a Person that, except in the case of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and taxes referred to in clause (d) above, is not an Affiliate of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) properly attributable to such transaction or to the asset that is the subject thereof. 

"  New Facility  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 

"  New Lending Office  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d). 

"  Non-U.S. Lender  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d). 

"  Notice of Borrowing  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(a). 

"  Obligations  " means all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether or not the right of payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 9.01.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (irrespective of whether a claim therefor is allowed in an Insolvency Proceeding) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, premiums (including the Applicable Premium), attorneys' fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Person under the Loan Documents, and (b) the obligation of such Person to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or any Lender (in its sole discretion) may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Person. 

"  OFAC Sanctions Programs  " means (a) the Requirements of Law and Executive Orders administered by OFAC, including, without limitation, Executive Order No. 13224, and  

30 

(b) the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by OFAC, in each case, as renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 

"  Other Connection Taxes  " means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

"  Other Taxes  "  means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.12). 

"  Parent  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Participant Register  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(i). 

"  Payment Office  " means the Administrative Agent's office located at 875 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022, or at such other office or offices of the Administrative Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower. 

"  PBGC  " means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 

"  Perfection Certificate  " means a certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent providing information with respect to the property of each Loan Party. 

"  Permitted Acquisition  " means any Acquisition by a Loan Party to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 

(a)          no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition; 

(b)          the Borrowers shall have furnished to the Agents at least 10 days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and/or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Agent may request, including, without limitation, drafts of the material agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated, (ii) a pro forma balance sheet and income statement of the Parent and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition as of the most recent fiscal quarter (in the case of such balance sheet) and for the four fiscal quarter period most recently concluded (in the case of such income statement) in the form of the 

31 

quarterly financial statements delivered or required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(ii), and (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Parent, demonstrating on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internally prepared financial statements are available, with all covenants set forth in Section 7.03 hereof after the consummation of such Acquisition; 

(c)          the agreements, instruments and other documents referred to in paragraph (c) above shall provide that (i) neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall, in connection with such Acquisition, assume or remain liable in respect of any Indebtedness of the Seller or Sellers (except for Permitted Indebtedness), and (ii) all property to be so acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be free and clear of any and all Liens, except for Permitted Liens; 

(d)          such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned by a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation, such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 

(e)          the Borrowers shall have Availability   plus   Qualified Cash in an amount equal to or greater than $5,000,000 immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition; 

(f)          the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative Consolidated EBITDA during the four fiscal quarter period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition; 

(g)          the assets being acquired (other than a   de minimis   amount of assets in relation to the assets being acquired) are located within a Specified Jurisdiction or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within a Specified Jurisdiction; 

(h)          such Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have been approved by the board of directors of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are proposed to be acquired and shall not have been preceded by an unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests by, or proxy contest initiated by, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or an Affiliate thereof;  

(i)          any such Subsidiary (and its equityholders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b) on or prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition; and 

(j)          the Purchase Price payable in respect of all Acquisitions (including the proposed Acquisition) shall not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement. 

"  Permitted Disposition  " means: 

(a)        sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; 

32 

(b)        licensing or sublicensing, on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(c)        leasing or subleasing assets in the ordinary course of business; 

(d)        (i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not   material   revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties; 

(e)        any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property; 

(f)        any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property; 

(g)        so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party (other than from a U.S. Borrower or Unrestricted Guarantor to or in the Dutch Borrower or any Restricted Guarantor) and (ii) from any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of the Parent; 

(h)        Disposition of obsolete, surplus, uneconomical or worn-out property in the ordinary course of business; 

(i)        use and disposition of cash and Cash Equivalents in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(j)        the making of Permitted Investments and Permitted Restricted Payments and the granting of Permitted Liens and the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); 

(k)        Dispositions (including discounts, cancellation or forgiveness) of Accounts Receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business; 

(l)        Dispositions in connection with the unwinding of any Hedging Agreement pursuant to its terms; 

(m)       any surrender, waiver, settlement, compromise, modification or release of contractual rights in the ordinary course of business, or the settlement, release or surrender of tort or other claims of any kind;  

(n)        any Disposition related to any transaction permitted by Section 7.02(c)(i); 

(o)        the Disposition of Inventory located in France pursuant to the France Asset Purchase Agreement; and 

33 

(p)        Disposition of property or assets   not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (o) above   for cash in an aggregate amount not less than the fair market value of such property or assets; 

provided   that the Net Cash Proceeds of such Dispositions (including the proposed Disposition) (1) in the case of clauses (h) and (p) above, do not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year and (2) in all cases, are paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 2.05(c)(ii) or applied as provided in Section 2.05(c)(v). 

"  Permitted Indebtedness  " means: 

(a)          any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b)          any other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; 

(c)          Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; 

(d)          Permitted Intercompany Investments; 

(e)          Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds or similar obligations or in respect of worker s compensation claims, and reimbursement obligations in respect of any of the foregoing; 

(f)          Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period; 

(g)          the incurrence by any Loan Party or their Subsidiaries of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party's or their Subsidiaries  operations and not for speculative purposes; 

(h)          Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called "procurement cards" or "P-cards") or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business;  

(i)          Indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate face amount not exceeding $2,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that, at or prior to the time such Indebtedness is incurred the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall be the beneficiary of a letter of credit in the face amount in excess of the letter of credit that was issued for the account of the Parent or such Subsidiary; 

34 

(j)          contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions; 

(k)          Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 at any one time outstanding;   provided  , that such Indebtedness (i) is either Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to equipment or mortgage financing with respect to a Facility, (ii) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and (iii) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition;  

(l)          Subordinated Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not exceeding $1,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

(m)         Indebtedness owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearinghouse transfers of funds, so long as such Indebtedness is repaid in full within 2 Business Days of the incurrence thereof; 

(n)          Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness or other Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, in each case permitted to be incurred pursuant to this definition; 

(o)          Indebtedness under the Batra A/R Facility Loan in the initial principal amount of $5,000,000;   provided   that such Indebtedness is Subordinated Indebtedness; 

(p)          unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $500,000 at any time outstanding; and 

(q)          Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums to the extent non-recourse to the Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than to the insurance premiums). 

"  Permitted Intercompany Investments  " means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party (other than by a U.S. Borrower or Unrestricted Guarantor to or in the Dutch Borrower or any Restricted Guarantor), (b) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in a Loan Party, so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (d) a Loan Party to or in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or in the Dutch Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such Investments made by the Loan Parties to or in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties or in the Dutch Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor does not exceed $250,000 at any time outstanding, (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing either before or after giving effect to such Investment, and (iii) the Borrowers have Availability   plus   Qualified Cash of not less than $5,000,000 after giving effect to such Investment. 

35 

"  Permitted Investments  " means: 

(a)          Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(b)          Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business; 

(c)          advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business; 

(d)          Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries; 

(e)          Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule (unless such increase is otherwise permitted under another clause of this definition) or any other modification of the terms thereof; 

(f)          Indebtedness constituting an Investment to the extent permitted under Section 7.02(b); 

(g)          any Foreign Loan Party may capitalize or forgive any Indebtedness owed to them by any other Loan Party; 

(h)          any Loan Party may hold Investments to the extent such Investments reflect an increase in the value of the Investments; 

(i)          the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries may (i) acquire and hold Accounts Receivables owing to any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms, or (ii) make lease, utility and other similar deposits or any other deposit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j)          loans and advances to directors, employees and officers of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (i) for bona fide business purposes, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000 at any time outstanding and (ii) to the extent such loans or advances are non-cash, to purchase Equity Interests of the Parent; 

(k)          Investments consisting of earnest money required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investments; 

(l)          Permitted Intercompany Investments;  

(m)         Permitted Acquisitions; 

(n)          Investments in Hedging Agreements in the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes; 

36 

(o)          Investments held by a Person that becomes a Loan Party (or is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into a Loan Party) pursuant to a Permitted Investment after the Effective Date to the extent that such Investments (i) existed prior to such Person becoming a Loan Party and (ii) were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 

(p)          Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims; 

(q)          Investments made in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreements and the consummation of the Transactions to fund the operations of the Hi-Tec Entities for the first full fiscal quarter following the Effective Date, in an amount not to exceed $3,000,000; and 

(r)          so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 at any time outstanding. 

"  Permitted Liens  " means: 

(a)          Liens securing the Obligations; 

(b)          Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is not required under Section 7.01(c)(ii); 

(c)          Liens imposed by law, such as carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor; 

(d)          Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a),   provided   that any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

(e)          purchase money Liens or the interests of lessors under Capitalized Leases on equipment or other fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed, improved or held by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business to secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such Lien only (i) attaches to such property and any accessions and/or improvements thereto, and the proceeds thereof, and (ii) secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire such property or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

(f)          deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other general liability insurance obligations, other social security laws and regulations or other forms of governmental insurance  

37 

or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety bonds, appeal bonds,  performance bonds and other obligations of a similar nature but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due; 

(g)          with respect to any Facility or other real property, (i) all Liens, encumbrances and other matters disclosed in the owner s or mortgagee s policy of title insurance issued with respect to such Facility, (ii) easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (A) secure obligations for the payment of money or (B) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person's business, and (iii) such other title and survey exceptions as the Administrative Agent has approved or may approve in writing in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion; 

(h)          Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property (and, if set forth by statute, other property) located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; 

(i)          the title and interest of a licensor, sublicenor, lessor or sublessor in and to property licensed, sublicensed, leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property; 

(j)          non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(k)          judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(j); 

(l)          rights of set-off or bankers' liens or other similar liens upon deposits of cash or Cash Equivalents in favor of banks, other depository institutions or securities intermediaries, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts  or securities accounts and related cash management services in the ordinary course of business; 

(m)         Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;  

(n)          Liens on cash securing Indebtedness under letters of credit permitted under clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; provided that, in each case, the aggregate amount of such cash does not exceed 105% of the Indebtedness being secured; 

38 

(o)          Liens assumed by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; 

(p)          purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into in the ordinary course of business;  

(q)          Liens attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits made by any Loan Party or escrowed purchase price in connection with Permitted Investments or Permitted Dispositions; 

(r)          Liens incurred by any Loan Party or their Subsidiaries consisting of non-assignment provisions under service contracts; 

(s)          Liens consisting of deposits to secure statutory obligations or public utility agreements; 

(t)          Liens consisting of customary restrictions in agreements for sale of assets pursuant to a Permitted Disposition during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets pursuant to a Permitted Disposition;  

(u)          Liens arising by operation of Article 2 of the UCC in favor of a reclaiming seller of goods or buyer of goods; and 

(v)          other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed $350,000. 

"  Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness  " means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition of any fixed assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of "Permitted Liens";   provided   that (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 30 days after such acquisition, (b) such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed $100,000 at any time outstanding. 

"  Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness  " means the extension of maturity, refinancing, exchange, replacement, substitution or modification of Indebtedness so long as: 

(a)          after giving effect to such extension, refinancing, exchange, replacement, substitution or modification, the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such transaction (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon, interest and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto); 

39 

(b)          such extension, refinancing, exchange, replacement, substitution or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the date of such transaction) of the Indebtedness subject thereto;  

(c)          such extension, refinancing, exchange, replacement, substitution or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified; and 

(d)          the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced, exchanged, replaced, substituted or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was extended, refinanced, exchanged, replaced, substituted or modified. 

"  Permitted Restricted Payments  " means any of the following Restricted Payments made by: 

(a)          any Subsidiary of any Borrower to such Borrower; 

(b)          the Parent to pay dividends in the form of common Equity Interests; 

(c)          the Parent to make (i) distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of the Parent held by such Persons or (ii) Restricted Payments and repurchases of Equity Interests issued under stock option plans (or other incentive plans or compensation arrangements) approved by the Parent's Board of Directors, in each case so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, however, that, the aggregate amount of all such redemptions, repurchases or other Restricted Payments made by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (other than any such Restricted Payment made to repurchase Equity Interests issued under stock option plans or other incentive plans or compensation arrangements approved by the Board of Directors on a cashless basis) during the term of this Agreement does not exceed $250,000 per Fiscal Year; 

(d)          each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of the Parent held by such Persons so long as such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of the Parent; and 

(e)          any Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any other Loan Party (other than a U.S. Loan Party to the Dutch Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor) and any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (that is not a Loan Party) may make Restricted Payments to any other Subsidiary of any Loan Party or to any Loan Party. 

"  Permitted Specified Liens  " means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and, solely in the case of Section 7.01(b)(i), including clauses (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 

40 

"  Person  " means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority. 

"  Petty Cash Accounts  " means Cash Management Accounts with deposits at any time in an aggregate amount not in excess of $10,000 for any one account and $50,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts.   

"  Plan  " means any Employee Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

"  Post-Default Rate  " means a rate of interest per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement plus 2.00%, or, if a rate of interest is not otherwise in effect, interest at the highest rate specified herein for any Loan then outstanding prior to an Event of Default plus 2.00%. 

"  Pro Forma Balance Sheet  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(g). 

"  Pro Rata Share  " means, with respect to: 

(a)          a Lender's obligation to make Revolving Loans and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto  ,   the percentage obtained by dividing (A) such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment, by (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment,   provided  , that, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender's Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances), 

(b)          a Lender's obligation to make the Tranche A Term Loan and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender's Tranche A Term Loan Commitment, by (ii) the Total Tranche A Term Loan Commitment,   provided   that if the Total Tranche A Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender's portion of the Tranche A Term Loan and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan,  

(c)          a Lender's obligation to make the Tranche B Term Loan and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender's Tranche B Term Loan Commitment, by (ii) the Total Tranche B Term Loan Commitment,   provided   that if the Total Tranche B Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender's portion of the Tranche B Term Loan and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan, and 

(d)          all other matters (including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations arising under Section 10.05), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment and the unpaid principal amount of such Lender's portion of the Term Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, by (ii) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans 

41 

and Collateral Agent Advances,   provided  , that, if such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender's Revolving Loans and if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans. 

"  Process Agent  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.10(b). 

"  Projected Lost Revenue  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01(l). 

"  Projections  " means financial projections of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(iii), as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 

"  Prospectus  " means the Parent's registration statement on Form S-3, dated June 23, 2015, as supplemented including by the prospectus supplement dated November 29, 2016 (together with any preliminary prospectus supplement used or filed for use in connection with the Equity Offering, including the preliminary prospectus supplement dated November 28, 2016), in each case as filed with the SEC. 

"  Purchase Price  " means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including, without limitation, the fair market value of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries issued in connection with such Acquisition), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration, including, without limitation, in the form of seller financing, royalty payments, payments allocated towards non-compete covenants, payments to principals for consulting services or other similar payments) in connection with such Acquisition, plus (b) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the acquired business (net of current assets of the acquired business) that would be reflected on a balance sheet (if such were to be prepared) of the Parent and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition, plus (c) the aggregate amount of all transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition. 

"  Qualified Cash  " means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash on-hand of the Loan Parties maintained in deposit accounts in the name of a Loan Party in the United States or the Netherlands as of such date, which deposit accounts are subject to Control Agreements. 

"  Qualified Equity Interests  " means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 

"  Real Property Deliverables  " means, in respect of each owned Facility, a Mortgage, mortgagee policy of title insurance in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Agents or title opinion (in respect of owned Facilities only), fixture filings (if applicable), flood insurance certifications and evidence of flood insurance to the extent required by applicable law, environmental reports and assessments (if available), surveys (if available), and such other 

42 

instruments, documents and certificates as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require, all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

"  Recipient  " means any Agent, any Lender, as applicable. 

"  Reference Bank  " means JPMorgan Chase Bank, or its successors or any other commercial bank designated by the Administrative Agent to the Administrative Borrower from time to time. 

"  Reference Period  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01(l). 

"  Reference Rate  " means, for any period, the greatest of (a) the rate of interest last publicly announced by the Reference Bank in New York, New York from time to time as its reference rate, base commercial lending rate, which rate may not be the lowest rate then being charged to commercial borrowers by the Reference Bank, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum, (c) the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based on an Interest Period of 1 month and shall be determined on a daily basis) plus 1.00% per annum, so long as such LIBOR Rate is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful, and (d) 3.50% per annum. The reference rate, base rate or prime rate is determined from time to time by the Reference Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its borrowers and neither is tied to any external rate of interest or index nor necessarily reflects the lowest rate of interest actually charged by the Reference Bank to any particular class or category of customers. Each change in the Reference Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

"  Reference Rate Loan  " means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate.   

"  Refinancing  " means the repayment, redemption, defeasement, discharge, refinancing or termination of all third party debt of Parent and its Subsidiaries and all third party debt of Target and its Subsidiaries, other than debt specified on Schedule 7.02(b), and the termination and release of all related commitments to advance funds and guarantees and security interests of such debt, in each case to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent, including without limitation, evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facilities, together with (A) a termination and release agreement with respect to the Existing Credit Facilities and all related documents, duly executed by the Loan Parties and the relevant Existing Lenders, (B) a termination of security interest in Intellectual Property for each assignment for security recorded by the Existing Lenders at the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office and covering any intellectual property of the Loan Parties, (C) termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Lenders and covering any portion of the Collateral  , and (D) all releases, forms   and filings   required in connection with the   discharge of any Liens   securing such Existing Credit Facilities. 

"  Register  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 

"  Registered Intellectual Property  " means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application. 

43 

"  Registered Loans  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 

"  Regulation  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(ii). 

"  Regulation T  ", "  Regulation U  " and "  Regulation X  " mean, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board or any successor, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 

"  Related Fund  " means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such Person, or a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person. 

"  Release  " means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the ambient air, soil, surface or ground water, or property. 

"  Remedial Action  " means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate or in any other way address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment; (b) prevent or minimize a Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment; (c) perform pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities; or (d) perform any other actions authorized by 42 U.S.C.   9601. 

"  Replacement Lender  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(b). 

"  Reportable Event  " means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC under the regulations promulgated under such Section). 

"  Required Lenders  "    means Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares (calculated in accordance with clause (d) of the definition thereof) aggregate at least 50.1%;   provided   that the Commitments and the Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of Required Lenders  . 

"  Requirements of Law  " means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of, any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

"  Reserve Percentage  " means, on any day, for any Lender, the maximum percentage prescribed by the Board (or any successor Governmental Authority) for determining 

44 

the reserve requirements (including any basic, supplemental, marginal, or emergency reserves) that are in effect on such date with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "eurocurrency liabilities") of that Lender, but so long as such Lender is not required or directed under applicable regulations to maintain such reserves, the Reserve Percentage shall be zero. 

"  Restricted Guarantor  " means any Guarantor that, as a result of the Applicable Limitations, is not able to guarantee all of the Obligations and/or to grant a Lien on substantially all of its assets to secure the repayment of all of the Obligations. 

"  Restricted Payment  " means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or make any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equityholders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party. 

"  Revenue Comparison Amount  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01(l). 

"  Revolving Credit Commitment  " means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers in the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amount may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

"  Revolving Loan  " means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i). 

"  Revolving Loan Lender  " means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Revolving Loan. 

"  Revolving Loan Obligations  " means any Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans (including without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 

"  Sale and Leaseback Transaction  " means, with respect to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby the Parent or any  

45 

of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 

"  SEC  " means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other similar or successor agency of the Federal government administering the Securities Act. 

"  Secured Party  " means any Agent and any Lender. 

"  Securities Act  " means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. 

"  Securitization  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(l). 

"  Security Agreement  " means a Pledge and Security Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing the Obligations. 

"  Security Documents  " means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Foreign Security Documents, and any other security documents made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and security the Obligations. 

"  Settlement Period  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(d)(i) hereof. 

"  Solvent  " means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is not less than the total amount of the liabilities of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute unreasonably small capital. 

"  South Africa Asset Purchase Agreement  " means the Share Transfer Form between Hi-Tec Sports PLC, as transferor, and Matrix B.V., as transferee, dated as of December 7, 2016. 

"  South Africa License Agreement  " means the License Agreement dated as of December 7, 2016 by and between Hi-Tec, as licensor, the South Africa Partner, d/b/a Hi-Tec Sports SA, as licensee. 

46 

"  South Africa Partner  " means Hi-Tec Sports SA PTY LTD, a South African corporation, d/b/a Hi-Tec Sports SA. 

"  Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations  " means the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of Hi-Tec in the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement that are material to the interests of the Agents and the Lenders, but solely to the extent that Parent (or any of its Affiliates) has the right not to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement or to terminate its (or their) obligations under the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement as a result of the failure to satisfy any such representation or warranty. 

"  Specified Jurisdiction  " means Canada, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States of America (or any state thereof or the District of Columbia), and each other jurisdiction identified from time to time by the Collateral Agent to the Administrative Borrower, to the extent that the value of the aggregate assets of the Subsidiaries of the Parent in such jurisdiction exceeds $750,000, or the aggregate revenues or Consolidated EBITDA of the Subsidiaries of the Parent in such jurisdiction exceeds, for the four consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or were required to have been delivered, $2,000,000 or $500,000, respectively. 

"  Specified Representations  " means  the representations and warranties in Sections 6.01(a)(i), 6.01(a)(ii), 6.01(b)(i), 6.01(b)(ii), 6.01(c), 6.01(d), 6.01(k), 6.01(s), 6.01(t), 6.01(w), 6.01(aa), 6.01(bb) and 6.01(hh) (in the case of perfection, solely to the extent perfection of security interests results from (a) the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, (b) the delivery of certificated securities of Subsidiaries of the Parent included in the Collateral available to the Collateral Agent on the Effective Date and (c) the filing of a customary "short form" intellectual property filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office). 

"  Standard   Poor's  " means S P Global Ratings and any successor thereto. 

"  Subordinated Indebtedness  " means Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (a) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, or (b) otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders;   provided  ,    however  , that the term "Subordinated Indebtedness" shall not include any subordinated intercompany Indebtedness among the Loan Parties and/or their Subsidiaries which is permitted to be incurred pursuant to the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and which is made in the form of subordinated intercompany notes issued pursuant to, and subject to the terms and provisions of, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement. 

"  Subsidiary  " means, with respect to any Person at any date, any corporation, limited or general partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such  

47 

Person in such Person's consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50% of (i) the outstanding Equity Interests having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest in such trust, estate, association or other entity business is, at the time of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person.  References to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Parent unless the context expressly provides otherwise. 

"  Subsidiary Guarantor  " means (x) on the Effective Date, each Subsidiary of Parent (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) that is organized in a Specified Jurisdiction on the Effective Date and (y) thereafter, each Subsidiary of Parent (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) that is required to guarantee (and guarantees) the Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 1.01(C). 

"  Target Agreement  " means the Restated License Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2008, as amended as of December 1, 2011, January 29, 2013, April 3, 2013 and January 2, 2014 between the Parent and Target General Merchandise, Inc. 

"  Taxes  "  means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

"  Termination Date  " means the first date on which all of the Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) are paid in full in cash and the Commitments of the Lenders are terminated. 

"  Termination Event  " means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to any Employee Plan, (b) any event that causes any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to incur material liability under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, (c) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate an Employee Plan or the treatment of an Employee Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA, (d) the institution of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate an Employee Plan, or (e) any other event or condition that could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Employee Plan. 

"  Term Loan  " or "  Term Loans  " means, individually or collectively (as the context requires), the Tranche A Term Loans and the Tranche B Term Loans. 

"  Term Loan Commitment  " means, with respect to each Lender, its Tranche A Term Loan Commitment or its Tranche B Term Loan Commitment. 

"  Term Loan Lender  " means a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or a Term Loan. 

48 

"  Term Loan Obligations  " means any Obligations with respect to the Term Loans (including, without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 

"  Test Period  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01(l). 

"  Total Commitment  " means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment. 

"  Total Revolving Credit Commitment  " means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders' Revolving Credit Commitments.  The amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment on the Effective Date is $5,000,000. 

"  Total Term Loan Commitment  " means the sum of the amounts of the Total Tranche A Term Loan Commitment and the Total Tranche B Term Loan Commitment.  The amount of the Total Term Loan Commitment on the Effective Date is $45,000,000. 

"  Tranche A Term Loan  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Tranche A Term Loan Lender  " means a Lender with a Tranche A Term Loan Commitment or a Tranche A Term Loan. 

"  Tranche A Term Loan Commitment  " means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Tranche A Term Loan to the U.S. Borrowers in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A) or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   

"  Tranche A Total Term Loan Commitment  " means the sum of the amounts of the Tranche A Term Loan Lenders' Tranche A Term Loan Commitments.  The amount of the Total Tranche A Term Loan Commitment on the Effective Date is $28,000,000. 

"  Tranche B Term Loan  " has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

"  Tranche B Term Loan Lender  " means a Lender with a Tranche B Term Loan Commitment or a Tranche B Term Loan. 

"  Tranche B Term Loan Commitment  " means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Tranche B Term Loan to the Dutch Borrower in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A) or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

"  Tranche B Total Term Loan Commitment  " means the sum of the amounts of the Tranche B Term Loan Lenders' Tranche B Term Loan Commitments.  The amount of the Total Tranche B Term Loan Commitment on the Effective Date is $17,000,000. 

49 

"  Transaction Costs  " means the fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the Transactions. 

"  Transactions  " means, collectively, (a) the consummation of the Equity Offering and the Parent's receipt of proceeds from its issuance of Common Stock pursuant thereto, (b) the Refinancing, (c) the consummation of the Hi-Tec Acquisition, the Hi-Tec Dispositions, the entry by the Hi-Tec Entities and the Hi-Tec Operating Partners into the Hi-Tec License Agreements and the other transactions contemplated by the   Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreements (including the repayment of certain existing Indebtedness),   (d) the execution and delivery   of the   Loan Documents   and the incurrence of the Term Loans on the Effective Date under this Agreement and (e) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 

"  Transferee  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(a). 

"  UCC Filing Authorization Letter  " means a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing the Collateral Agent to file appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 without the signature of such Loan Party in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement and each Mortgage. 

"  UK Act  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(bb). 

"  UK Security Documents  " means, collectively: 

(a)      an English law mortgage of the entire issued share capital of Hi-Tec Sports PLC between the Collateral Agent as mortgagee, and Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V., as mortgagor, in and form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 

(b)      an English law fixed and floating charge security agreement between Hi-Tec Sports PLC and Hi-Tec Sports UK Limited, as chargors, and the Collateral Agent, as chargee, in and form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and 

(c)      all notices and acknowledgements required to be delivered or received (as the case may be) under the Loan Documents referred to in (a) and (b) above. 

"  Uniform Commercial Code  " or "  UCC  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.04. 

"  Unrestricted Guarantor  " means each Guarantor that is not a Restricted Guarantor. 

"  USA PATRIOT Act  " means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 26, 2001)) as amended by the USA Patriot Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177, March 9, 2006) and as the same may have been or may be further renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 

"  U.S. Borrower  " and "  U.S. Borrowers  " have the meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 

50 

"  U.S. Corresponding Liabilities  " means the U.S. Obligations of a U.S. Loan Party, excluding its U.S. Parallel Liability. 

"  U.S. Loan Party  " means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

"  U.S. Obligations  " means any portion of the Obligations arising under or in connection with the Tranche A Term Loan or the Revolving Loan. 

"  U.S. Parallel Liability  " means a U.S. Loan Party s undertaking pursuant to Section 12.27. 

"  U.S. Person  " means any Person that is a "United States Person" as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

"  WARN  " has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(p)      . 

"  Withholding Agent  " means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 

"  Working Capital  " means, at any date of determination thereof, (a) the sum, for any Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid face amount of all Accounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination,   plus   (ii) the aggregate amount of prepaid expenses and other current assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than cash, Cash Equivalents and any Indebtedness owing to such Person or any of its Subsidiaries by Affiliates of such Person),   minus   (b) the sum, for such Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid amount of all accounts payable of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination,   plus   (ii) the aggregate amount of all accrued expenses and deferred revenues (whether classified as current or long-term) of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than the current portion of long-term debt and all accrued interest and taxes). 

Section 1.02        Terms Generally  .  The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation".  The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall".  Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any right or interest in or to assets and properties of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible. 

51 

Section 1.03        Certain Matters of Construction  .  References in this Agreement to "determination" by any Agent include good faith estimates by such Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good faith beliefs by such Agent (in the case of qualitative determinations).  A Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall "continue" or be "continuing" until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders.  Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any other Loan Document as having been created in favor of any Agent, any agreement entered into by any Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any payment made by or to or funds received by any Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of the Agents and the Lenders. Wherever the phrase "to the knowledge of any Loan Party" or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such phrase shall mean and refer to the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party.  All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists.  In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 

Section 1.04        Accounting and Other Terms  . 

(a)        Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, each accounting term used herein shall have the meaning given it under GAAP.  For purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure under any provision of any such Section that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence or expenditures made under any provision  

52 

of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 840 (or any other similar promulgation or methodology under GAAP with respect to the same subject matter as FASB ASC 840) on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date shall be applied and (ii) for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

(b)        All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the "  Uniform Commercial Code  " or the "  UCC  ") and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein, provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as any Agent may otherwise determine. 

Section 1.05        Time References  .  Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day.  For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each means "to but excluding";   provided  ,    however  , that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to any Secured Party, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 

Section 1.06        Obligation to Make Payments in Dollars  .  All payments to be made by any Loan Party of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations under any Loan Document shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, and no obligation of any Loan Party to make any such payment shall be discharged or satisfied by any payment other than payments made in Dollars in same day funds. 

ARTICLE II                                                THE LOANS 

Section 2.01        Commitments  .  (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth: 

(i)      each Revolving Loan Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment; 

53 

(ii)     each Tranche A Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Tranche A Term Loan to the U.S. Borrowers on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender's Tranche A Term Loan Commitment; and 

(iii)    each Tranche B Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Tranche B Term Loan to the Dutch Borrower on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender's Tranche B Term Loan Commitment. 

(b)        Notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(i)      The aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at any time to the U.S. Borrowers shall not exceed the lower of (A) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (B) the Maximum Revolver Amount.  The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Final Maturity Date.  Within the foregoing limits, the U.S. Borrowers may borrow, repay and reborrow, the Revolving Loans after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, subject to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth herein.  No Revolving Loans shall be advanced on the Effective Date. 

(ii)     The aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Tranche A Total Term Loan Commitment.  Any principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

(iii)    The aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Tranche B Total Term Loan Commitment.  Any principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02        Making the Loans  .  (a)  The Administrative Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior telephonic notice (immediately confirmed in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (a "  Notice of Borrowing  ")), not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is 3 Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Loan (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time, but in no event later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the borrowing date of the proposed Loan).  Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of the proposed Loan, (ii) in the case of Loans requested on the Effective Date, whether such Loan is requested to be a Revolving Loan, the Tranche A Term Loan or the Tranche B Term Loan, (iii) whether the Loan is requested to be a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan and, in the case of a LIBOR Rate Loan, the initial Interest Period with respect thereto, (iv) the use of the proceeds of such proposed Loan, and (v) the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day, and, with respect to the Tranche A Term Loan and the Tranche B Term Loan, must be the Effective Date.  The Administrative     Agent and the Lenders may act without liability upon the basis of written, telecopied or telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from the Administrative Borrower (or from any Authorized Officer thereof designated in writing purportedly from the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent).  Each Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the  

54 

Administrative Agent's record of the terms of any such telephonic Notice of Borrowing.  The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Officer's authority to request a Loan on behalf of the Borrowers until the Administrative Agent receives written notice to the contrary.  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing. 

(b)        Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.02 shall be irrevocable and the Borrowers shall be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith.  Each Revolving Loan shall be made in a minimum amount of $500,000 and shall be in integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof. 

(c)        (i)          Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.02(c), all Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, the Tranche A Total Term Loan Commitment or the Tranche B Total Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in that other Lender's obligations to make a Loan requested hereunder, nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default by any other Lender in that other Lender's obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans required to be made by it by the terms of this Agreement regardless of the failure by any other Lender. 

(ii)      Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund transfers among the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders, the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrowers and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, fund, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01, subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in Section 2.02(d);   provided  ,    however  , that (A) the Administrative Agent shall in no event fund any such Revolving Loans if the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders on the Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan that one or more of the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.02 will not be satisfied at the time of the proposed Revolving Loan, and (B) the Administrative Agent shall not otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. If the Administrative Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Revolving Loan and the Administrative Agent elects not to fund such Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, then promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the specifics of the requested Revolving Loan and that it will not fund the requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders.  If the Administrative Agent notifies the Revolving Loan Lenders that it will not fund a requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, each Revolving Loan Lender shall make its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan available to the Administrative     Agent, in immediately available funds, in the Administrative Agent's Account no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (provided that the Administrative     Agent requests payment from such Revolving Loan Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time)) on the date of the proposed Revolving Loan.  The Administrative Agent will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to the  

55 

applicable Borrowers on the day of the proposed Revolving Loan by causing an amount, in immediately available funds, equal to the proceeds of all such Revolving Loans received by the Administrative     Agent in the Administrative Agent's Account or the amount funded by the Administrative     Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders to be deposited in an account designated by the Administrative Borrower. 

(iii)      If the Administrative     Agent has notified the Revolving Loan Lenders that the Administrative     Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, will not fund a particular Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(ii), the Administrative     Agent may assume that each such Revolving Loan Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative     Agent on such day and the Administrative     Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to the Borrowers on such day.  If the Administrative     Agent makes such corresponding amount available to the Borrowers and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative     Agent by any such Revolving Loan Lender, the Administrative     Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative     Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.  During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative     Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative     Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative     Agent, the Administrative     Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Administrative Borrower of such failure and the applicable Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative     Agent for its own account. 

(iv)      Nothing in this Section 2.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligations to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 

(d)        (i)          With respect to all periods for which the Administrative Agent has funded Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(c), on Friday of each week, or if the applicable Friday is not a Business Day, then on the following Business Day, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may from time to time select (any such week or shorter period being herein called a "  Settlement Period  "), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the last day of each such Settlement Period.  In the event that such amount is greater than the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on the last day of the Settlement Period immediately preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Revolving Loans made on the date of such Revolving Loan Lender's initial funding), each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly (and in any event not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) if the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Lender not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on such day) make available to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds.  In the event that such  

56 

amount is less than such unpaid principal amount, the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay over to each Revolving Loan Lender its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds.  In addition, if the Administrative Agent shall so request at any time when a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the Administrative Agent shall determine that it is desirable to present claims against the Borrowers for repayment, each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly remit to the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Revolving Loan Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the interests of the Revolving Loan Lenders in the then outstanding Revolving Loans to such an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each such Revolving Loan Lender's interest in the then outstanding Revolving Loans will be equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof.  The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Loan Lender under this Section 2.02(d) shall be absolute and unconditional.  Each Revolving Loan Lender shall only be entitled to receive interest on its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans which have been funded by such Revolving Loan Lender. 

(ii)      In the event that any Revolving Loan Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(d)(i), the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.  During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Administrative Borrower of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Nothing in this Section 2.02(d)(ii) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 

Section 2.03        Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt  .  (a)  The outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(b)        The U.S. Borrowers shall repay the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan in consecutive quarterly installments, on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter, commencing on January 28, 2017, in an amount equal to $250,000;   provided  ,    however  , that the last installment payment of the Tranche A Term Loan shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan.  The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date and (ii)   the  

57 

date on which the Tranche A Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement  .  

(c)        The Dutch Borrower shall repay the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan in consecutive quarterly installments, on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter, commencing on January 28, 2017, in an amount equal to $150,000;   provided  ,    however  , that the last installment payment of the Tranche B Term Loan shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan.  The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date and (ii)   the date on which the Tranche B Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement  .   

(d)        Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.     

(e)        The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof. 

(f)        The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) or Section 2.03(e) shall be   prima     facie   evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error);   provided   that (i) the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event of any conflict between the entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) and the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(e), the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(e) shall govern and control. 

(g)        Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, the applicable Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in a form furnished by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Borrower.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

Section 2.04        Interest  . 

(a)        Revolving Loans  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, each Revolving Loan shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a  

58 

LIBOR Rate Loan.  Each Revolving Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin.  Each Revolving Loan that is a LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b)        Term Loans  .   

(i)          Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, the Tranche A Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.  Each portion of the Tranche A Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Tranche A Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and each portion of the Tranche A Term Loan that is a LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Tranche A Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for the Tranche A Term Loan (or such portion thereof) plus the Applicable Margin. 

(ii)         Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, the Tranche B Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.  Each portion of the Tranche B Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Tranche B Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and each portion of the Tranche B Term Loan that is a LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Tranche B Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for the Tranche B Term Loan (or such portion thereof) plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c)        Default Interest  .  To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans, fees, indemnities or any other Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall bear interest, from the date such Event of Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the Post-Default Rate.     

(d)        Interest Payment  .  Interest on each Loan shall be payable monthly, in arrears, on the first day of each month, commencing on the first day of the month following the month in which such Loan is made and at maturity (whether upon demand, by acceleration or otherwise.  Interest at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on demand.  Each Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the applicable Borrowers pursuant to Section 4.01 with the amount of any interest payment due hereunder. 

59 

(e)        General  .  All interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days, including the first day but excluding the last day, elapsed. 

Section 2.05        Reduction of Commitment; Prepayment of Loans  .     

(a)        Reduction of Commitments  .     

(i)        Revolving Credit Commitments  .  The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate on the Final Maturity Date.  The U.S. Borrowers may reduce the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been given by the Administrative Borrower under Section 2.02.  Each such reduction shall be (1) in an amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or by the full amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect immediately prior to such reduction if such amount at that time is less than $1,000,000), (2) made by providing not less than 3 Business Days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period of time as the Administrative Agent may agree to);   provided   that such notice may provide that it is conditioned upon the consummation of another financing or the consummation of a sale of Equity Interests, in which case, such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower if any such condition is not satisfied prior to the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice, (3) irrevocable and (4) accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment.  Once reduced, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment may not be increased.  Each such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof. 

(ii)       Tranche A Term Loan Commitment  .  The Tranche A Total Term Loan Commitment shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date. 

(iii)      Tranche B Term Loan Commitment  .  The Tranche B Total Term Loan Commitment shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date. 

(b)        Optional Prepayment  . 

(i)        Revolving Loans  .  The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan, in whole or in part.  Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i) in connection with a reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) above shall be accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 

(ii)       Term Loan  .    The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, upon at least 3 Business Days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent  (or such shorter period of time as the Administrative Agent may agree to), prepay the principal of the Term Loans, in whole or in part;   provided   that such notice may provide that it is conditioned upon the consummation of another financing or the consummation of a sale of Equity Interests, in which case, such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower if any such condition is  

60 

not satisfied prior to the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice.  Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Term Loans.  Each such prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the Term Loans (on a pro rata basis between the Tranche A Term Loan and the Tranche B Term Loan) in the inverse order of maturity  ; provided that in no event shall the Administrative Borrower be permitted to allocate any such prepayment between the Tranche A Term Loan and the Tranche B Term Loan if   the result of such   allocation would be that the aggregate then-outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loans is less than 60% of the aggregate then-outstanding   principal amount of the Term Loans  ; provided, however, that such requirement may be waived by the Collateral Agent in its discretion. 

(iii)        Termination of Agreement  .  The Borrowers may, upon at least 5 Business Days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree to), terminate this Agreement by paying to the Administrative Agent, in cash, the Obligations, in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement;     provided   that such notice may provide that it is conditioned upon the consummation of another financing or the consummation of a sale of Equity Interests, in which case, such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower if any such condition is not satisfied prior to the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice  . If the Administrative Borrower has sent a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(iii), then the Lenders' obligations to extend credit hereunder shall terminate and the Borrowers shall be obligated to repay the Obligations, in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement on the date set forth as the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice. 

(c)        Mandatory Prepayment  . 

(i)          Within 3 Business Days of the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), commencing with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended on or about January 29, 2018 or, if such financial statements are not delivered to the Agents and the Lenders on the date such statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), on the date such statements are required to be delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Borrowers shall   prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to (A) 50% of the Excess Cash Flow of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (B) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments)  . 

(ii)     Immediately upon any Disposition (excluding Dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n) or (o) (with respect to such clause (o) only, to the extent such Disposition occurs within 315 days following the Effective Date) of the definition of Permitted Disposition) by any Loan Party  

61 

or its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such Disposition to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Dispositions $250,000 in any Fiscal Year.  Nothing contained in this Section 2.05(c)(ii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make a Disposition of any property other than in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(ii). 

(iii)    Upon the issuance or incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), or upon an Equity Issuance (other than any Equity Issuance pursuant to the exercise by the underwriter of the Equity Offering of its over-allotment option pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Equity Offering in order to prepay the Batra A/R Facility Loan in accordance with Section 7.02(m)(ii)), the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith.  The provisions of this Section 2.05(c)(iii) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

(iv)         Upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with   Section 2.05(d)   in an amount equal to (A) 50% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person under the circumstances described in clause (g) of the definition of "Extraordinary Receipts" and (b) 100% of   the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person under the circumstances described in clauses (a) through (f) of the definition of "Extraordinary Receipts" to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) pursuant to this clause (b) shall exceed for all such Extraordinary Receipts $250,000 in any Fiscal Year  . 

(v)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition or the receipt of Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv), as the case may be, up to $250,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of the Net Cash Proceeds from all such Dispositions and Extraordinary Receipts (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, "Extraordinary Receipts" described in clause (g) of the definition thereof) shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets (other than current assets) used or useful in such Person's business,   provided   that, (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date such Person receives such Net Cash Proceeds, (B) the Administrative Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent within 5 days after such Disposition or loss, destruction or taking, as the case may be, stating that such Net Cash Proceeds shall be used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets used or useful in such Person's business within a period specified in such certificate not to exceed 120 days after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (which certificate shall set forth estimates of the Net  

62 

Cash Proceeds to be so expended), (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement, and (D) upon the earlier of (1) the expiration of the period specified in the relevant certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (B) above or (2) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds, if not theretofore so used, shall be used to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv) as applicable. 

(vi)     The Borrowers will immediately prepay the Revolving Loans at any time when the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding exceeds the Maximum Revolver Amount, to the full extent of any such excess.  On each day that any Revolving Loans are outstanding, the Borrowers shall hereby be deemed to represent and warrant to the Agents and the Lenders that the Maximum Revolver Amount calculated as of such day equals or exceeds the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding on such day. 

(d)        Application of Payments  .  Each prepayment pursuant to subsections (c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii) and (c)(iv) above shall be applied,   first  , to the Term Loans, on a pro rata basis between the Tranche A Term Loan and the Tranche B Term Loan, until paid in full, and   second  , to the Revolving Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments), until paid in full.  Each such prepayment of the Term Loans shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loans on a pro rata basis between the Tranche A Term Loan and the Tranche B Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity.  Each prepayment pursuant to clause (c)(vi) above shall be applied to the Revolving Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) payments made by any CFC of a U.S. Loan Party or with the proceeds of Collateral of a CFC of a U.S. Loan Party shall be applied only to the Tranche B Term Loan and the Foreign Obligations related thereto, and (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Administrative Agent has elected, or has been directed by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, to apply payments in respect of any Obligations in accordance with Section 4.03(b), prepayments required under Section 2.05(c) shall be applied in the manner set forth in Section 4.03(b). 

(e)        Waivable Mandatory Prepayments  .  Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event the Borrowers are required to make any mandatory prepayments hereunder (a "  Waivable Mandatory Prepayment  "), not less than three Business Days prior to the date (the "  Required Prepayment Date  ") on which Borrowers are required to make such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment, the Administrative Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of the amount of such prepayment, and the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter notify each Lender of the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment and such Lender's option to refuse such amount (the "  Refusal Option  ").  Each such Lender may exercise the Refusal Option by giving written notice to the Administrative Borrower and each Agent of its election to do so on or before the first Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date (it being understood that any Lender which does not notify the Administrative Borrower and each Agent of its election to exercise the Refusal Option on or before the first Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date shall be deemed to have elected, as of such date, not to exercise the Refusal Option).  On the Required Prepayment Date, the Borrowers shall pay to Administrative Agent the amount of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment, which amount shall be applied (i) in an amount equal to that portion of the  

63 

Waivable Mandatory Prepayment payable to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise the Refusal Option, to prepay the Loans of such Lenders, and (ii) to the extent of any excess, to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise the Refusal Option, on a pro rata basis (based upon the portion of the Loan held by each such Lender that elected not to exercise the Refusal Option, as compared to the amount of Loans held by all such Lenders that did not elect to exercise the Refusal Option) to prepay the Loans of such Lenders, or, to the extent any such Lender refuses the excess amount specified in this clause (ii) (or to the extent the Loans of all such Lenders have been repaid in full), to the Borrowers for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

(f)        Interest and Fees  .  Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05 (other than prepayments made pursuant to subsection (c)(vi) of this Section 2.05) shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of prepayment, (ii) any Funding Losses payable pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Loans to the extent required under Section 2.06(b) and (iv) if such prepayment would reduce the amount of the outstanding Loans to zero at a time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated, such prepayment shall be accompanied by the payment of all fees accrued to such date pursuant to Section 2.06. 

(g)        Cumulative Prepayments  .  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.05, payments with respect to any subsection of this Section 2.05 are in addition to payments made or required to be made under any other subsection of this Section 2.05. 

(h)        Foreign Subsidiary Limitations  .  Mandatory prepayments required to be made pursuant to Sections 2.05(c)(ii) and (c)(iv) as a result of a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) receiving Net Cash Proceeds in respect of Dispositions or Extraordinary Receipts will be subject to permissibility under local law and limited by Applicable Limitations (in each case, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower);   provided   that the Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions required by or available under applicable Requirements of Law to permit such Foreign Subsidiaries to distribute such Net Cash Proceeds to the Borrowers to allow the applicable Borrowers to make such mandatory prepayments.  Further, if the Administrative Borrower and the Collateral Agent determine in good faith that, any Foreign Subsidiary would incur a material tax liability (including any withholding tax), if all or a portion of the funds required to make such mandatory prepayments were upstreamed or transferred as a distribution or dividend (a "  Restricted Amount  "), the amount the relevant Borrowers will be required to mandatorily prepay shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount until such time as the applicable Foreign Subsidiary may upstream or transfer such Restricted Amount without incurring such tax liability;   provided   that (x) the provisions set forth above with respect to any such deduction shall not apply if an Event of Default is continuing and (y) if the circumstance giving rise to any Restricted Amount ceases to exist, Parent or the relevant Foreign Subsidiary shall promptly distribute such Restricted Amount to the applicable Borrower for mandatory prepayment of the Loans. 

64 

Section 2.06        Fees  . 

(a)        Fee Letter  .  As and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the Borrowers shall pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 

(b)        Applicable Premium  . 

(i)      Upon the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the Applicable Premium. 

(ii)     Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.06(b) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event and the Loan Parties agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing.  THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCELERATION. 

(iii)    The Loan Parties expressly agree that:  (A) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm's length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium; (D) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph; (E) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (F) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Agents and the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Agents and the Lenders or profits lost by the Agents and the Lenders as a result of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event. 

(iv)       Nothing contained in this Section 2.06(b) shall permit any prepayment of the Loans or reduction of the Commitments not otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c)        Audit and Collateral Monitoring Fees   (d)      .  The Borrowers acknowledge that pursuant to Section 7.01(f), representatives of the Agents may visit any or all of the Loan Parties and/or conduct inspections, audits, valuations and/or appraisals of any or all of the Loan Parties at any time and from time to time.  The Borrowers agree to pay (i) $1,500 per day per examiner plus the examiner's out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with all such visits, inspections, audits, valuations and/or appraisals and (ii) the cost of all visits, inspections, audits, valuations and/or appraisals conducted by a third party on behalf of the Agents;   provided   that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, no Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Agents for more than one (1) audit during any calendar year or one (1) examination during any calendar year. 

65 

Section 2.07        LIBOR Option  . 

(a)        The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to have interest on all or a portion of the Loans be charged at a rate of interest based upon the LIBOR Rate (the "  LIBOR Option  ") by notifying the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least 3 Business Days prior to (i) the proposed borrowing date of a Loan (as provided in Section 2.02), (ii) in the case of the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the commencement of the proposed Interest Period or (iii) in the case of the continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan as a LIBOR Rate Loan, the last day of the then current Interest Period (the "  LIBOR Deadline  ").  Notice of the Borrowers' election of the LIBOR Option for a permitted portion of the Loans and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section 2.07(a) shall be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent of (A) a Notice of Borrowing (in the case of the initial making of a Loan) in accordance with Section 2.02 or (B) a LIBOR Notice prior to the LIBOR Deadline (or by telephonic notice received by the Administrative Agent before the LIBOR Deadline (to be confirmed by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a LIBOR Notice received by the Administrative Agent prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the same day)).  Promptly upon its receipt of each such LIBOR Notice, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the Lenders.  Each LIBOR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrowers. 

(b)        Interest on LIBOR Rate Loans shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.04(d).  On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrowers properly have exercised the LIBOR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loans automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder.  At any time that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers no longer shall have the option to request that any portion of the Loans bear interest at the LIBOR Rate and the Administrative Agent shall have the right to convert the interest rate on all outstanding LIBOR Rate Loans to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder on the last day of the then current Interest Period. 

(c)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrowers (i) shall have not more than 5 LIBOR Rate Loans in effect at any given time, and (ii) only may exercise the LIBOR Option for LIBOR Rate Loans of at least $500,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof. 

(d)        The Borrowers may prepay LIBOR Rate Loans at any time;   provided  ,    however  , that in the event that LIBOR Rate Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(c) or any application of payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 4.03 or Section 4.04 or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders and their participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.08. 

66 

(e)        Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither any Agent nor any Lender, nor any of their participants, is required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at the LIBOR Rate.  The provisions of this Article II shall apply as if each Lender or its participants had match funded any Obligation as to which interest is accruing at the LIBOR Rate by acquiring eurodollar deposits for each Interest Period in the amount of the LIBOR Rate Loans. 

Section 2.08        Funding Losses  .  In connection with each LIBOR Rate Loan, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders harmless against any actual loss, cost, or expense incurred by any Agent or any Lender as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any LIBOR Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default or any mandatory prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.05(c)), (b) the conversion of any LIBOR Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default), or (c) the failure to borrow (other than as a result of a failure of a Defaulting Lender to fund in accordance with this Agreement), convert, continue or prepay any LIBOR Rate Loan on the date specified in any Notice of Borrowing or LIBOR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively, "  Funding Losses  ").  Funding Losses shall, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by such Agent or such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such LIBOR Rate Loan had such event not occurred, at the LIBOR Rate that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period therefor),     minus     (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Agent or such Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market.  A certificate of an Agent or a Lender delivered to the Administrative Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that such Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Section 2.09        Taxes  .  (a)  Any and all payments by or on account of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any Loan Party shall be required to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Secured Party (or any transferee or assignee thereof, including a participation holder (any such entity, a "  Transferee  ")), (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions and (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased by the amount (an "  Additional Amount  ") necessary such that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.09) such Secured Party (or such Transferee) receives the amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 

(b)        In addition, each Loan Party agrees to pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes.  Each Loan Party shall deliver to  

67 

each Secured Party official receipts, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Secured Party, in each case, in respect of any Taxes payable pursuant to this Section 2.09 as soon as practicable after payment of such Taxes to a Governmental Authority. 

(c)        The U.S. Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold each Secured Party harmless from and against the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including, without limitation, Indemnified Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.09) paid by such Person, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  The Foreign Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold each Secured Party harmless from and against the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including, without limitation, Indemnified Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.09) paid by such Person to the extent such Indemnified Taxes are imposed on such Person with respect to the Foreign Obligations, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  Any indemnification payments required to be made pursuant to this Section 2.09(c) shall be paid by the U.S. Loan Parties or the Foreign Loan Parties, as applicable, within 10 days from the date on which any such Person makes written demand therefore specifying in reasonable detail the nature and amount of such Indemnified Taxes. 

(d)        Each Lender (or Transferee) that is not a U.S. Person (a "  Non-U.S. Lender  ") agrees that it shall, no later than the Effective Date (or, in the case of a Lender which becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof after the Effective Date, promptly after the date upon which such Lender becomes a party hereto) deliver to the Agents one properly completed and duly executed copy of either U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8IMY or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, in each case claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. Federal withholding tax on payments of interest hereunder.  In addition, in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from U.S. Federal withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, such Non-U.S. Lender hereby represents to the Agents and the Borrowers that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Parent and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Parent (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code), and such Non-U.S. Lender agrees that it shall promptly notify the Agents in the event any such representation is no longer accurate.  Such forms shall be delivered by each Non-U.S. Lender on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement (or, in the case of a Transferee that is a participation holder, on or before the date such participation holder becomes a Transferee hereunder) and on or before the date, if any, such Non-U.S. Lender changes its applicable lending office by designating a different lending office (a "  New Lending Office  ").  In addition, such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent shall deliver such forms within 20 days after receipt of a written request therefor from the Administrative Borrower or any Agent, the assigning Lender or the Lender granting a participation, as applicable.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.09, a Non-U.S. Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this Section 2.09(d) that such Non-U.S. Lender is not legally able to deliver. 

68 

(e)        Any Secured Party (or Transferee) claiming any indemnity payment or additional payment amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.09 shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to file any certificate or document reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Borrower or to change the jurisdiction of its applicable lending office if the making of such a filing or change would avoid the need for or reduce the amount of any such indemnity payment or additional amount that may thereafter accrue, would not require such Secured Party (or Transferee) to disclose any information such Secured Party (or Transferee) deems confidential and would not, in the sole determination of such Secured Party (or Transferee), be otherwise disadvantageous to such Secured Party (or Transferee). 

(f)        If any Secured Party (or a Transferee) shall become aware that it is entitled to claim a refund from a Governmental Authority in respect of Taxes or Other Taxes with respect to which any Loan Party has made an indemnity payment or paid additional amounts, pursuant to this Section 2.09, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Borrower of the availability of such refund claim and shall, within 30 days after receipt of a request by the Administrative Borrower, make a claim to such Governmental Authority for such refund at the Loan Parties' expense.  If any Secured Party (or a Transferee) receives a refund (including pursuant to a claim for refund made pursuant to the preceding sentence) in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes with respect to which any Loan Party has made an Indemnity payment or paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.09, it shall within 30 days from the date of such receipt pay over such refund to the Administrative Borrower, net of all out of pocket expenses of such Secured Party (or Transferee). 

(g)        If a payment made to a Lender (or Transferee) or any Agent under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Agents at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Agents such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Agents as may be necessary for the Administrative Borrower and the Agents to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent has complied with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (g), "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  Any forms, certifications or other documentation under this clause (g) shall be delivered by each Lender (or Transferee) and each Agent. 

(h)        The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.09 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

Section 2.10        Increased Costs and Reduced Return  .  (a)  If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law shall, subject to Section 2.08 (which shall be  

69 

controlling with respect to the matters covered thereby) (i) subject such Secured Party, or any Person controlling such Secured Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by such Agent or such Lender, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party of any amounts payable hereunder (except, in each case, Indemnified Taxes and Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes), (ii) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against any Loan or against assets of or held by, or deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party (other than those taken into account in determining the LIBOR Rate) or (iii) impose on such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party any other condition (other than with respect to Taxes) regarding this Agreement or any Loan, and the result of any event referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall be to increase the cost to such Secured Party of making any Loan, or agreeing to make any Loan, or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Secured Party hereunder, then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrowers shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such increased costs or reductions in amount. 

(b)        If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law either (i) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party, and such Secured Party determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a direct or indirect consequence of any Loans made or maintained, such Secured Party's or such other controlling Person's other obligations hereunder, or (ii) has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Secured Party's or such other controlling Person's capital to a level below that which such Secured Party or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such circumstances as a consequence of any Loans made or maintained, or any agreement to make Loans, or such Secured Party's or such other controlling Person's other obligations hereunder (in each case, taking into consideration, such Secured Party's or such other controlling Person's policies with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrowers shall pay to such Secured Party from time to time such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such cost of maintaining such increased capital or such reduction in the rate of return on such Secured Party's or such other controlling Person's capital. 

(c)        All amounts payable under this Section 2.10 shall bear interest from the date that is 10 days after the date of demand by any Secured Party until payment in full to such Secured Party at the Reference Rate.  A certificate of such Secured Party claiming compensation under this Section 2.10, specifying the event herein above described and the nature of such event shall be submitted by such Secured Party to the Administrative Borrower, setting forth the additional amount due and an explanation of the calculation thereof, and such Secured Party's reasons for invoking the provisions of this Section 2.10, and shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d)        Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand such compensation;   provided   that the Borrowers shall not be required  

70 

to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Administrative Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

(e)        The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.10 shall survive the Termination Date. 

Section 2.11        Changes in Law; Impracticability or Illegality  .     

(a)        The LIBOR Rate may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs to such Lender of maintaining or obtaining any eurodollar deposits or increased costs due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including changes in tax laws (except changes of general applicability in corporate income tax laws) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), excluding the Reserve Percentage, which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing interest at the LIBOR Rate.  In any such event, the affected Lender shall give the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, the Administrative Borrower may, by notice to such affected Lender (i) require such Lender to furnish to the Administrative Borrower a statement setting forth the basis for adjusting such LIBOR Rate and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (ii) repay the LIBOR Rate Loans with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under Section 2.09). 

(b)        In the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the LIBOR Rate, such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (i) in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such Lender's notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such LIBOR Rate Loans, and interest upon the LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder, and (ii) the Borrowers shall not be entitled to elect the LIBOR Option (including in any borrowing, conversion or continuation then being requested) until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 

71 

(c)        The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

Section 2.12        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . 

(a)        If any Lender requires the Borrowers to pay any Additional Amounts under Section 2.09 or requests compensation under Sections 2.10 or 2.11(a), then such Lender shall (at the request of the Administrative Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to such Section in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b)        If any Lender requires the Borrowers to pay any Additional Amounts under Section 2.09 or requests compensation under Section 2.10 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with clause (a) above, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Administrative Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 12.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);   provided   that: 

(i)      the Borrowers shall have paid to the Agents any assignment fees specified in Section 12.07; 

(ii)     such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 2.08 and Section 2.09) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts); 

(iii)    in the case of any such assignment resulting from payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.09 or a claim for compensation under Section 2.10, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 

(iv)     such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. 

Prior to the effective date of such assignment, the assigning Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the conditions set forth above.  If the assigning Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such assignment, the assigning Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance.  Any such assignment shall be made in accordance  

72 

with the terms of Section 12.07.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Administrative Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

ARTICLE III        [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

ARTICLE IV                                        APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; DEFAULTING LENDERS;  JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF BORROWERS 

Section 4.01        Payments; Computations and Statements  .  (a)  The Borrowers will make each payment under this Agreement not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day when due, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent's Account.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day will, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent be credited to the Loan Account on the next succeeding Business Day.  All payments shall be made by the Borrowers without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction or other defense to the Agents and the Lenders, except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.09.  Except as provided in Section 2.02, after receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The Lenders and the Borrowers hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the applicable Borrowers with any amount due and payable by such Borrowers under any Loan Document;   provided  , that the Administrative Agent shall not charge the Loan Account with respect to unpaid third party expenses required to be paid by any Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses of counsel) which are not outstanding for more than 5 Business Days after presentation of an invoice to the Administrative Borrower.  Each of the Lenders and the Borrowers agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make such charges whether or not any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied.  Any amount charged to the Loan Account of the U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder made by the Revolving Loan Lenders to the Borrowers, funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders and subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement.  Any amount charged to the Loan Account of the Dutch Borrower shall be deemed Obligations hereunder.  The Lenders and the Borrowers confirm that any charges which the Administrative Agent may so make to the Loan Account of the Borrowers as herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the Borrowers and solely at the Administrative Agent's discretion, provided that the Administrative Agent shall, subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 4.01(a), from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent, charge the Loan  

73 

Account of the Borrowers with any amount due and payable under any Loan Document.  Whenever any payment to be made under any such Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be.  All computations of per annum fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fees hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes in the absence of manifest error. 

(b)        The Administrative Agent shall provide the Administrative Borrower, promptly after the end of each calendar month, a summary statement (in the form from time to time used by the Administrative Agent) of the opening and closing daily balances in the Loan Account of the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all Loans made to the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans to the Borrowers during such month and the Loans to which such payments were applied, the amount of interest accrued on the Loans to the Borrowers during such month, and the amount and nature of any charges to the Loan Account made during such month on account of fees, commissions, expenses and other Obligations.  All entries on any such statement shall be presumed to be correct and, if the Administrative Borrower has not objected in good faith within 30 days after the same is sent, shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 

Section 4.02        Sharing of Payments  .    Except as provided in Section 2.02 hereof, if any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of any Obligation in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of similar obligations obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in such similar obligations held by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them;   provided  ,    however  , that (a) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and each Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered and (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (ii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply).  The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all of its rights (including the Lender's right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation. 

74 

Section 4.03        Apportionment of Payments  .  Subject to Section 2.02 hereof: 

(a)        All payments of principal and interest in respect of outstanding Loans, all payments of fees (other than the fees set forth in Section 2.06 hereof) and all other payments in respect of any other Obligations, shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such of the Lenders as are entitled thereto, in proportion to their respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided herein or, in respect of payments not made on account of Loans, as designated by the Person making payment when the payment is made. 

(b)        After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 

(i)          the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall, apply all payments by the U.S. Loan Parties, including without limitation, all proceeds of the Collateral of any U.S. Loan Party, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i)   first  , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full; (ii)   second  , to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full; (iii)   third  , to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full; (iv)   fourth  , ratably to pay the Revolving Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Revolving Loan Lenders until paid in full; (v)   fifth  , ratably to pay principal of the Revolving Loans until paid in full; (vi)   sixth  , ratably to pay the Term Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Tranche A Term Loan Lenders until paid in full; (vii)   seventh  , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Tranche A Term Loans until paid in full; (viii)   eighth  , ratably to pay principal of the Tranche A Term Loans until paid in full; (ix)   ninth  , ratably to pay the U.S. Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full; (x)   tenth  , to the ratable repayment of all other U.S. Obligations then due and payable; and (xi)   eleventh  , as set forth in Section 4.03(b)(ii) below; and 

(ii)          the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall, apply all payments by the Foreign Loan Parties, including without limitation, all proceeds of the Collateral of any Foreign Loan Party, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i)   first  , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full; (ii)   second  , to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent Advances in respect of the Foreign Obligations until paid in full; (iii)   third  , to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances in respect of the Foreign Obligations until paid in full; (iv)   fourth  , ratably to pay the Term Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Tranche B Term Loan Lenders until paid in full; (v)   fifth  , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Tranche B Term Loans until paid in full; (vi)   sixth  , ratably to pay principal of the Tranche B Term Loans until paid in full; (vii)   seventh  , ratably to pay the Foreign Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full; and (viii)   eighth  , to the ratable payment of all other Foreign Obligations then due and payable. 

75 

(c)        For purposes of Section 4.03(b), "paid in full" means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not the same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding, except to the extent that default or overdue interest (but not any other interest) and loan fees, each arising from or related to a default, are disallowed in any Insolvency Proceeding. 

(d)        In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 4.03 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that both such priority provisions in such documents shall be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other.  In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 4.03 shall control and govern. 

Section 4.04        Defaulting Lenders  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(a)        Such Defaulting Lender's right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 12.02. 

(b)        The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to such Defaulting Lender any payments made by any Borrower to the Administrative Agent for such Defaulting Lender's benefit, and, in the absence of such transfer to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall transfer any such payments to each other non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lender) (but only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender's Loans were funded by the other Lenders) or, if so directed by the Administrative Borrower and if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and to the extent such Defaulting Lender's Loans were not funded by the other Lenders), retain the same to be re-advanced to the Borrowers as if such Defaulting Lender had made such Loans to the Borrowers.  Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. 

(c)        Any such failure to fund by any Defaulting Lender shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Borrowers to replace the Defaulting Lender with one or more substitute Lenders, and the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder.  Such notice to replace the Defaulting Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given.  Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Defaulting Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever.  If the Defaulting Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the  

76 

Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance.  The replacement of any Defaulting Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07.  In no event shall the Borrowers be required to pay fees in respect of any Defaulting Lender s unfunded Commitments unless another Lender has funded such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Loans in respect of such Commitment. 

(d)        The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitments of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. 

(e)        This Section shall remain effective with respect to such Lender until either (i) the Obligations under this Agreement shall have been declared or shall have become immediately due and payable or (ii) the non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agents, and the Borrowers shall have waived such Defaulting Lender's default in writing, and the Defaulting Lender makes its Pro Rata Share of the applicable defaulted Loans and pays to the Agents all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect thereof; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Section 4.05        Administrative Borrower; Joint and Several Liability of the Borrowers  . 

(a)        Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Parent as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for the Borrowers (the "  Administrative Borrower  ") which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until the Agents shall have received prior written notice signed by all of the Borrowers that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower.  Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (i) to provide to the Agents and receive from the Agents all notices with respect to Loans obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and (ii) to take such action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Loans and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.  It is understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to the Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of the Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that neither the Agents nor the Lenders shall incur liability to the Borrowers as a result hereof.  Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group. 

77 

(b)        Each U.S. Borrower hereby accepts joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each of the U.S. Borrowers and in consideration of the undertakings of the other U.S. Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations.  Each of the U.S. Borrowers, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other U.S. Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including, without limitation, any Obligations arising under this Section 4.05), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all of the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the U.S. Borrowers without preferences or distinction among them.  If and to the extent that any of the U.S. Borrowers shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event, the other U.S. Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Obligations of each of the U.S. Borrowers under the provisions of this Section 4.05 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each of the U.S. Borrowers, enforceable against each such Person to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other circumstances whatsoever. 

(c)        The provisions of this Section 4.05 are made for the benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and their successors and assigns, and may be enforced by them from time to time against any or all of the Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or such successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any of the other Borrowers or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any of the other Borrowers or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy.  The provisions of this Section 4.05 shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash or otherwise fully satisfied. 

(d)        Each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against the other Borrowers with respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to the Agents or the Lenders with respect to any of the Obligations or any Collateral, until such time as all of the Obligations have been paid in full in cash.  Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to the Agents or the Lenders hereunder or under any other Loan Documents are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations. 

78 

ARTICLE V                                        CONDITIONS TO LOANS 

Section 5.01        Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness  .  This Agreement shall become effective as of the Business Day (the "  Effective Date  ") when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agents: 

(a)        Payment of Fees, Etc  .  The Borrowers shall have paid on or before the Effective Date all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then payable pursuant to Section 2.06 and Section 12.04 that have been invoiced. 

(b)        Representations and Warranties  .  The Closing Representations and Warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" or words of similar import in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification). 

(c)        Legality  .  The making of the initial Loans shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party, including without limitation Regulation T, U or X. 

(d)        Delivery of Documents  .  The Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Effective Date and, if applicable, duly executed by the Persons party thereto (provided that, in the case of any such documents to which any Hi-Tec Entities are party, such documents will become effective with respect to the Hi-Tec Entities immediately upon the consummation of the Hi-Tec Acquisition): 

(i)      this Agreement, duly executed by each of the parties hereto; 

(ii)     the Security Agreement, together with the original stock certificates representing all of the Equity Interests and all promissory notes required to be pledged thereunder, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank and other proper instruments of transfer; 

(iii)    a UCC Filing Authorization Letter, together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of the filing of appropriate financing statements on Form UCC 1 in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement; 

(iv)       the results of searches for any effective UCC financing statements, tax Liens or judgment Liens filed against any Loan Party or its property, which results shall not show any such Liens (other than Permitted Liens), to the extent applicable in the relevant jurisdiction; 

79 

(v)      a Perfection Certificate; 

(vi)     the Acquisition Collateral Assignment; 

(vii)    the Escrow Agreement; 

(viii)   the Disbursement Letter; 

(ix)     the Fee Letter; 

(x)      the Intercompany Subordination Agreement; 

(xi)     a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) other than with respect to the deed of incorporation of Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V., as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, and with respect to any Loan Party incorporated in the Netherlands an up-to-date excerpt from the Dutch trade register in respect to such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto (including, without limitation, a true and complete copy of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other publicly filed organizational document of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction), (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) with respect to any Loan Party incorporated in the Netherlands, as to any request for advice submitted to any works council (  ondernemingsraad  ) and any unconditional and positive advice of any such works council,     (D) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of a Borrower, including, without limitation, Notices of Borrowing, LIBOR Notices and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers and (E) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.01(b), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i) and (k); 

(xii)    a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Parent (A) attaching a copy of the Financial Statements, the Pro Forma Balance Sheet and the Projections described in Section 6.01(g) hereof and certifying as to the compliance with the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(g)(i), Section 6.01(g)(ii) and Section 6.01(gg)(ii) and (B)   certifying that after giving effect to all Loans to be made on the Effective Date, the Availability is not be less than $5,000,000; 

(xiii)       a certificate of the chief financial officer of Parent, certifying as to (A) the Solvency of the Parent and its Subsidiaries and (B) the Solvency of the Parent and its Domestic Subsidiaries, in each case on a consolidated basis (immediately before and after giving  

80 

effect to the making of the Loans on the Effective Date and the consummation of the other Transactions) substantially in the form of Exhibit E; 

(xiv)    a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower certifying that (A) the attached copies of (1) the Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents, the Asset Purchase Agreements and the other Acquisition Documents, (2) the Hi-Tec License Agreements and (3) the Escrow Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (B) such agreements remain in full force and effect and that none of the Loan Parties has breached or defaulted in any of its obligations under such agreements; 

(xv)     the Prospectus; 

(xvi)        a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of the jurisdiction of organization and, except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date as to the subsistence in good standing of (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction), and the payment of taxes by, such Loan Party in such jurisdictions; 

(xvii)   an opinion of Morrison   Foerster LLP, U.S. counsel to the Loan Parties, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 

(xviii)  evidence of the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of each Security Agreement, together with evidence of the payment of all premiums due in respect thereof for such period as the Collateral Agent may request; 

(xix)    evidence of the issuance of   the warranty and indemnity insurance policy number 30160009 by AIG Europe Limited in connection with the Transactions, for the benefit of the Dutch Borrower and/or its Affiliates, with a date of issue of November 29, 2016;   and 

(xx)     evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facilities, together with (A) a termination and release agreement with respect to the Existing Credit Facilities and all related documents, duly executed by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and the Existing Lenders, (B) a termination of security interest in Intellectual Property for each assignment for security recorded by the Existing Lenders at the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office and covering any intellectual property of the Loan Parties, and (C) UCC 3 termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Lenders and covering any portion of the Collateral. 

(e)        Material Adverse Effect  .  (i) since January 30, 2016, no change, event, circumstance, or development shall have occurred which constitutes or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) since December 31, 2015, no change, event, circumstance, or development shall have occurred which constitutes or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Hi-Tec Entities. 

(f)        Consummation of Equity Offering  .          The Equity Offering shall have been, or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Effective Date will be,  

81 

consummated in accordance with the terms of the Prospectus, and the Parent shall have received no less than $37,976,000 in net proceeds (before expenses) from the issuance of Common Stock pursuant thereto (including pursuant to the exercise by the underwriter of the Equity Offering of its over-allotment option pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Equity Offering). 

(g)        Consummation of Batra A/R Facility Loan  .  The Batra A/R Facility Loan shall have been, or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Effective Date will be, consummated in accordance with Batra A/R Facility Loan (which will be in full force and effect), and the Dutch Borrower shall have received gross proceeds of no less than $5,000,000 from the Batra A/R Facility Loan. 

(h)        Consummation of Hi-Tec Acquisition  .  The Hi-Tec Acquisition shall have been, or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Effective Date will be, consummated in accordance with the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement. 

(i)        Consummation of the Hi-Tec Dispositions  .  Each of the Hi-Tec Dispositions shall have been, or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Effective Date will be, consummated in accordance with the respective Asset Purchase Agreements, and the Borrowers shall have received aggregate net proceeds of no less than $27,800,000 from the Hi-Tec Dispositions pursuant to the applicable Asset Purchase Agreements. 

(j)        Entry into Hi-Tec License Agreements  .  The respective Hi-Tec Entities and the respective Hi-Tec Operating Partners party to the Hi-Tec License Agreements shall have, prior to or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Effective Date, executed the Hi-Tec License Agreements, and such Hi-Tec License Agreements shall be in full force and effect, and the Borrowers shall have received net proceeds of no less than $7,000,000 in the aggregate from the prepayment of minimum guarantees from the applicable Hi-Tec Operating Partners pursuant to the applicable Hi-Tec License Agreements. 

(k)        Leverage Ratio  .  On a pro forma basis after giving effect to the making of the Term Loans on the Effective Date and the consummation of the other Transactions, the Leverage Ratio of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the trailing twelve month period ended October 31, 2016 (with Consolidated EBITDA determined  in accordance with the last sentence of the definition thereof) shall not be greater than 4.11 to 1.00. 

(l)        Approvals  .  All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with the making of the Loans shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect. 

(m)        Proceedings  .  There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, pending or threatened in any court or before any Governmental Authority which related to the making of the initial Loans or the consummation of the other Transactions, or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n)        KYC  .  The Agents and the Lenders shall have each received all documentation and other information requested by regulatory authorities with respect to the Loan  

82 

Parties under applicable "know your customer" and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, the results of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Agents and the Lenders. 

Section 5.02        Conditions Precedent to All Loans After the Effective Date  .  The obligation of any Agent or any Lender to make any Loan after the Effective Date is subject to the fulfillment, in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of each of the following conditions precedent: 

(a)        Payment of Fees, Etc.    The Borrowers shall have paid all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then payable by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 2.06 and Section 12.04 hereof. 

(b)        Representations and Warranties; No Event of Default  .  The following statements shall be true and correct, and the submission by the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to each such Loan, and the Borrowers' acceptance of the proceeds of such Loan, shall each be deemed to be a representation and warranty by each Loan Party on the date of such Loan that:  (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or "Material Adverse Effect" in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or "Material Adverse Effect" in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such earlier date), (ii) at the time of and after giving effect to the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan to be made, on such date, (iii) the making of such Loan shall not result in the Credit Limiter being exceeded and (iv) the conditions set forth in this Section 5.02 have been satisfied as of the date of such request. 

(c)        Legality  .  The making of such Loan shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 

(d)        Notices  .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 

Section 5.03        Conditions Subsequent to Effectiveness  .  As an accommodation to the Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders have agreed to execute this Agreement and to make the Loans on the Effective Date notwithstanding the failure by the Loan Parties to satisfy the conditions set forth below on or before the Effective Date.  In consideration of such accommodation, the Loan Parties agree that, in addition to all other terms, conditions and provisions set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without  

83 

limitation, those conditions set forth in Section 5.01, the Loan Parties shall satisfy each of the conditions subsequent set forth below on or before the date applicable thereto (it being understood that (i) the failure by the Loan Parties to perform or cause to beperformed any such condition subsequent on or before the date applicable thereto shall constitute an Event of Default and (ii) to the extent that the existence of any such condition subsequent would otherwise cause any representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be breached, the Required Lenders hereby waive such breach for the period from the Effective Date until the date on which such condition subsequent is required to be fulfilled pursuant to this Section 5.03): 

(a)        no later than 30 days after the Effective Date (or such later date as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), the delivery to the Collateral Agent of all Control Agreements that, in the reasonable judgment of the Agents, are required for the Loan Parties to comply with the Loan Documents as of the Effective Date, each duly executed by, in addition to the applicable Loan Party, the applicable financial institution, with respect to each of the accounts that are set forth on Schedule IV to the Security Agreement or, with respect to accounts administered or held with any financial institution in the Netherlands, as set forth in the applicable Dutch Security Documents; 

(b)        the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver, no later than 30 days after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), to the Collateral Agent a landlord waiver, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and which may be included as a provision contained in the relevant Lease, executed by each landlord with respect to each of the Leases of real property located in the United States and that are set forth on Schedule III to the Security Agreement; 

(c)        no later than 30 days after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), the delivery to the Collateral Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of corrective amendments filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in respect of seven trademarks of Spell C. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, previously identified by the Collateral Agent to the Parent; 

(d)        no later than 2 days (with respect to the deed of pledge of shares described in clause (a) of "Dutch Deeds of Pledge of Shares") or 4 days (with respect to the other Dutch Security Documents and the deed of incorporation of Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V.) after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), the delivery to the Collateral Agent of each of the Dutch Security Documents and commercially reasonable efforts to effect the delivery of the deed of incorporation of Hi-Tec International Holdings B.V., together with an opinion of Loyens   Loeff, Dutch counsel to the Agents, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 

(e)         no later than 10 days after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), the delivery to the Collateral Agent of each of the UK Security Documents, together an opinion of Stephenson Harwood LP, UK counsel to the Agents, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 

84 

(f)         no later than 10 days after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), the delivery to the Collateral Agent of each of the Canadian Security Documents, together an opinion of Fasken Martineau, Canadian counsel to the Loan Parties, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; and 

(g)        no later than 10 days after the Effective Date (or such longer time as the Agents shall agree in their sole discretion), with respect to the insurance coverage referred to in Section 5.01(d), the delivery of such endorsements as to the named insureds, mortgagees or loss payees thereunder as the Collateral Agent may request and providing that such policy may be terminated or canceled (by the insurer or the insured thereunder) only upon 30 days' prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and each such named insured, mortgagee or loss payee. 

ARTICLE VI                                            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 6.01        Representations and Warranties  .  Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Secured Parties as follows: 

(a)        Organization, Good Standing, Etc  .  Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and, in the case of the Borrowers, to make the borrowings hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)        Authorization, Etc  .   The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable material Requirement of Law or (C) any material Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties, except (solely for the purposes of subclause (iv)), to the extent where such contravention, default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c)        Governmental Approvals  .   No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with  

85 

the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Effective Date. 

(d)        Enforceability of Loan Documents  .   This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity. 

(e)        Capitalization  .  On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date, the authorized Equity Interests of the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 6.01(e).  All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights.  All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of the Parent are owned by the Parent free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens).  Except as described on Schedule 6.01(e), there are no outstanding debt or equity securities of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(f)        Litigation  .  Except as set forth in Schedule 6.01(f), there is no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened (in writing) action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.  

(g)        Financial Statements    .   

(i)          The Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Agent and each Lender, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP (subject, in the case of interim statements, to the absence of year-end footnotes and subject to audit adjustments that are not material).  All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, to the extent required by GAAP to be set forth, are set forth in the Financial Statements.  Since January 30, 2016 (or, solely in the case of the Hi-Tec Entities prior to and without giving effect to the Hi-Tec Acquisition, since December 31, 2015  

86 

until immediately prior to the Effective Date) no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ii)         The Parent has heretofore furnished to the Agents the unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 (the "  Pro Forma Balance Sheet  ") after giving effect to the Transactions as if they had occurred on such date.  Such Pro Forma Balance Sheet accurately reflects all adjustments required to made to give effect to the Transactions, assuming that the Transactions had occurred at such date, and has been prepared in good faith by the Parent.  

(iii)        The Parent has heretofore furnished to the Agents (A) projected quarterly balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period from November 2016, through the end of the Fiscal Year ended January 29, 2018, and (B) projected annual balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Years ending in 2019 through 2021, which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 

(h)        Compliance with Law, Etc  .  No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any material Requirement of Law, or (iii) any Material Contract binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, except in the cases of this subclause (iii) where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i)        ERISA  .  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i) or as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Employee Plan is in substantial compliance with ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) no Termination Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, (iii) if required to be filed, the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan, including any required Schedule B (Actuarial Information) thereto, copies of which have been filed with the Internal Revenue Service, is complete and correct and fairly presents the funding status of such Employee Plan, and since the date of such report there has been no material adverse change in such funding status, (iv) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan (if any) have been delivered to the Agents, (v) no Employee Plan had an accumulated or waived funding deficiency or permitted decrease which would create a deficiency in its funding standard account or has applied for an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code at any time during the previous 60 months, and (vi) no Lien imposed under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA exists or is likely to arise on account of any Employee Plan within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any withdrawal liability under ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, or is aware of any facts indicating that it or any of its ERISA Affiliates may in the future incur any such withdrawal liability.  No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has (i) engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction described in Sections 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to an Employee Plan, (ii) failed to pay any required installment or other payment required under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code  

87 

on or before the due date for such required installment or payment, (iii) engaged in a transaction within the meaning of Section 4069 of ERISA or (iv) incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv), except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the normal course) asserted or instituted against (i) any Employee Plan or its assets, or (ii) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan.  Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue  Code, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) which provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or coverage after a participant's termination of employment or, if later, the end of a former employee s severance period, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), except if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j)        Taxes, Etc  .  (i) All foreign, Federal and material provincial, state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions have been obtained, and (ii) all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except (x) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of $250,000, and (y) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty or Lien and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 

(k)        Regulations T, U and X  .  No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X. 

(l)        Nature of Business    . 

(i)          No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 6.01(l) and business activities reasonably related or incidental thereto. 

(ii)       Other than as permitted under Section 7.02(d)(ii), the Dutch Borrower does not have any material liabilities (other than liabilities arising under the Loan Documents), own any material assets (other than the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries) or engage in any operations or business (other than the ownership of its Subsidiaries). 

(m)       Adverse Agreements, Etc  .  No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other  

88 

Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n)        Permits, Etc  .  Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No condition exists or event has occurred which, in itself or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would result in the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or non-renewal of any such permit, license, authorization, approval, entitlement or accreditation, and there is no claim that any thereof is not in full force and effect, except to the extent that any such condition, event or claim could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(o)        Properties  .  Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens (except for defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted).  All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted. 

(p)        Employee and Labor Matters  .  Except as could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there is no (i) unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against any Loan Party before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (ii) strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar action or grievance pending or threatened against any Loan Party or (iii) to the  knowledge of each Loan Party, union representation question existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or union organizing activity taking place with respect to any of the employees of any Loan Party.  No Loan Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("  WARN  ") or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied.  The hours worked and payments made to employees of any Loan Party have been in substantial compliance with the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements.  All material payments due from any Loan Party on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party. 

(q)        Environmental Matters  .  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(q), (i) the operations of each Loan Party are in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws; (ii) there has been no Release at any of the properties owned or operated by any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, a predecessor in interest, or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) no Environmental Action has been asserted against any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any predecessor in interest nor does any Loan Party have knowledge or notice of  

89 

any threatened or pending Environmental Action against any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) to the knowledge of any Loan Party, no Environmental Actions have been asserted against any facilities that may have received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) no property now or formerly owned or operated by a Loan Party has been used as a treatment or disposal site for any Hazardous Material for which such Loan Party could reasonably be expected to be liable under Environmental Laws; (vi) no Loan Party has failed to report to the proper Governmental Authority any Release which is required to be so reported by any Environmental Laws which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (vii) each Loan Party holds all licenses, permits and approvals required under any Environmental Laws in connection with the operation of the business carried on by it, except for such licenses, permits and approvals as to which a Loan Party's failure to maintain or comply with could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (viii) no Loan Party has received any notification pursuant to any Environmental Laws that (A) any work, repairs, construction or Capital Expenditures are required to be made as a condition of continued compliance with any Environmental Laws, or any license, permit or approval issued pursuant thereto or (B) any license, permit or approval referred to above is about to be reviewed, made, subject to limitations or conditions, revoked, withdrawn or terminated, in each case, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(r)        Insurance  .  Each Loan Party maintains the insurance and required services and financial assurance as required by law and as required by Section 7.01(h).  Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all insurance maintained by each Loan Party on the Effective Date. 

(s)        Use of Proceeds  .  The proceeds of the Term Loans shall be used on the Effective Date, together with the proceeds from the Parent's issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Equity Offering, the proceeds received by the Borrowers in connection with the consummation of the Hi-Tec Dispositions and from the prepayment of minimum guarantees from the Hi-Tec Operating Partners pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreements, and cash on hand of the Borrowers, to (a) consummate the Refinancing, (b) consummate the Hi-Tec Acquisition in accordance with the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement (including the Escrow Agreement) and (c) the payment of the Transaction Costs.  The proceeds of the Revolving Loans shall be used after the Effective Date to fund working capital of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

(t)        Solvency  .  Immediately before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and immediately before and after giving effect to each Loan, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. 

(u)        Intellectual Property  .  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(u), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Set forth on Schedule 6.01(u) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party and (ii) each  

90 

Intellectual Property Contract to which each Loan Party is bound (excluding any non-exclusive license of software that is widely commercially available).  No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened, except for such infringements and conflicts which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.  No patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v)        Material Contracts  .  Set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties thereto and amendments and modifications thereto.  Each such Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the best knowledge of such Loan Party, all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto. 

(w)       Investment Company Act  .  None of the Loan Parties is (i) an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" or "promoter" of, or "principal underwriter" of or for, an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law that limits in any respect its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or a portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 

(x)        [Reserved]  . 

(y)        [Reserved]  . 

(z)        Consummation of Hi-Tec Acquisition and the Hi-Tec Dispositions  .  The Parent has delivered to the Agents complete and correct copies of the Acquisition Documents, including all schedules and exhibits thereto.  The Acquisition Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties thereto relating to the subject matter thereof, and there are no other agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, relating to the matters covered thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of the Acquisition Documents has been duly authorized by all necessary action (including, without limitation, the obtaining of any consent of stockholders or other holders of Equity Interests required by law or by any applicable corporate or other organizational documents) on the part of each such Person.  No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to filing with or license from, any Governmental Authority is required for such sale other than such as have been obtained on or prior to the Effective Date.  Each Acquisition Document is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the parties thereto, enforceable against such parties in accordance with its terms.  All conditions precedent to each of the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreements have been fulfilled or (with the prior written consent of the Agents) waived, no Acquisition Document has been amended or otherwise modified, and there has been no breach of any material term or condition of any Acquisition Document. 

91 

(aa)       Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws  .   

(i)          None of the Loan Parties, nor, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, has violated in the past six years or is in violation of any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws or has engaged in or conspired to engage in, in the past six years, any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

(ii)         None of the Loan Parties, nor, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, nor any officer or director of any of the Loan Parties, nor any of the Loan Parties' respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, is a Blocked Person.     

(iii)        To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of the Loan Parties, nor any of their agents acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, (A) conducts any business with or for the direct benefit of any Blocked Person or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the direct benefit of any Blocked Person, or (B) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to any OFAC Sanctions Programs, except to the extent authorized under the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

(bb)       Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws  . 

(i)          Each Loan Party is in compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "  FCPA  "), the UK Bribery Act 2010 (the "  UK Act  ") and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of those jurisdictions in which they do business (collectively, the "  Anti-Corruption Laws  "), as applicable to such Loan Party.  

(ii)          None of the Loan Parties has, within the past five years: 

(A)          offered, promised, paid, given, or authorized the payment or giving of any money, gift or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any employee, official, representative, or other person acting on behalf of any foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) Governmental Authority thereof, or of any public international organization, or any foreign political party or official thereof, or candidate for foreign political office (collectively, "  Foreign Official  "), for the purpose of: (1) influencing any act or decision of such Foreign Official in his, her, or its official capacity; or (2) inducing such Foreign Official to do, or omit to do, an act in violation of the lawful duty of such Foreign Official, or (3) securing any improper advantage, in order to obtain or retain business for, or with, or to direct business to, any Person; or  

(B)          acted or attempted to act in any manner which would subject any of the Loan Parties to liability under any Anti-Corruption Law.  

(iii)        There are, and have been, no allegations, investigations or inquiries by any Governmental Authority with regard to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Law by any of the Loan Parties or, to the knowledge of such Loan Parties, any of their respective  

92 

current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents, or other persons acting or purporting to act on their behalf.   

(iv)         The Loan Parties have adopted, implemented and maintain anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(cc)       Proper Legal Form  .  The Loan Documents are in proper legal form under the laws of each Specified Jurisdiction to be valid, legal, effective, enforceable or admissible into evidence in the courts of each Specified Jurisdiction, except for any other procedural steps that have been taken or that can be taken at any time without significant expense or delay and without prejudice to any rights or remedies the Secured Parties may have under the Loan Documents. 

(dd)       No Recordation  .  It is not necessary that any Loan Document or any other document be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court, public office or other authority in any Specified Jurisdiction or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of any Loan Document or any other document in order to ensure the legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of such Loan Document. 

(ee)       Proceedings to Enforce Agreement  .  In any proceeding in a Specified Jurisdiction to enforce any Loan Document governed by New York law, the choice of New York law as the governing law of such Loan Document will be recognized and applied, the irrevocable submission of it to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York or of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York will be valid, legal, binding and enforceable, and any judgment obtained in such a court will be recognized and enforceable in each Specified Jurisdiction without reconsideration as to the merits of such judgment. 

(ff)       Exchange Controls  .  Each Loan Party has the ability to lawfully pay solely and exclusively in Dollars the total amount which is, or may become, payable by it to the Lender under the Loan Documents and it has complied with its reporting obligations to the applicable Governmental Authorities in each Specified Jurisdiction. 

(gg)       Full Disclosure  .   

(i)          All written information and other materials (but excluding the Projections and general economic or industry specific information) concerning the Loan Parties and their respective assets and businesses (collectively, the "  Information  ") which has been, or is hereafter, made available by, or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries is, or when delivered will be, when considered as a whole, complete and correct in all material respects and does not, or will not when furnished, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statement has been made (giving effect to any supplements and updates provided thereto); and  

(ii)          with respect to the Projections, such Projections were prepared in good faith on the basis of (A) assumptions, methods and tests stated therein which are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such projections were prepared (it being  

93 

understood that such projections are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties  control, that no assurance can be given that any particular Projections will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such Projections may differ significantly from the projected results and such differences may be material) and (B) information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lender. 

(hh)       Security Interests  . Each Security Document creates a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral secured thereby.  The Perfection Requirements (as defined in the Security Agreement) and/or the taking of the other perfection actions described in the relevant Security Document result in the perfection of such security interests.  Subject to Section 5.03 and the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements and/or other such perfection actions, such security interests are, or in the case of Collateral in which any grantor of such security interests obtains rights after the date hereof, will be, perfected, first priority security interests, subject in priority only to the Permitted Liens, and the recording of such instruments of assignment described above. 

ARTICLE VII                                          COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES 

Section 7.01        Affirmative Covenants  .  Until the Termination Date, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, each Loan Party will: 

(a)        Reporting Requirements  .  Furnish to each Agent and each Lender: 

(i)      as soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal month of the Parent and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of the Parent and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, internally prepared consolidated and consolidating balance sheets and profit and loss statements (by brand) as at the end of such fiscal month; 

(ii)     as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Parent as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of the Parent and its  

94 

Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments; 

(iii)    as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of independent certified public accountants of recognized standing selected by the Parent and reasonably satisfactory to the Agents (which opinion shall be without (1) a "going concern" or like qualification or exception, (2) any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than as a result of the upcoming maturity date of Indebtedness under this Agreement occurring within 12 months of the date of such audit), or (3) any qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of     Section 7.03), together with a written statement of such accountants, (only to the extent such accountants are able to do so without additional cost to the Loan Parties), (x) to the effect that, in making the examination necessary for their certification of such financial statements, they have not obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or a Default under Section 7.03 and (y) if such accountants shall have obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or such Default, describing the nature thereof; 

(iv)         simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Parent (a "  Compliance Certificate  "): 

(A)      stating that such Authorized Officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether the Parent and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which the Parent and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto, 

(B)      in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in   Section 7.03   and (2) in the cases of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a) only, including (y) a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed (  provided  , that the discussion and analysis of the  

95 

financial condition and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries included in any Form 10-Q or Form 10-K filed by the Parent shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this clause (y)) and (z) discussing the reasons for any significant variations from the Projections for such period and the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal Year, and 

(C)      in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries required by clause (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching (1) a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party, together with such other related documents and information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require, (2) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(c)(i) and (3) confirmation that there have been no changes to the information contained in each of the Perfection Certificates delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to this clause (iv) and/or attaching an updated Perfection Certificate identifying any such changes to the information contained  therein; 

(v)      as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old, together with a reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter and such other information as any Agent may reasonably request, and (B) listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, and such other information as any Agent may reasonably request; 

(vi)       promptly upon request of any Agent or Lender, and in any event within 3 Business Days after the end of each week during which such a request is made,   reports in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Parent as being accurate and complete of cash balances of the Parent and its Subsidiaries by jurisdiction; 

(vii)      as soon as available and in any event not later than 5 Business Days following the approval of such Projections by the Board of Directors of the Parent (but in any case no later than 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Year)  ,   a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Parent (A) attaching Projections for the Parent and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a monthly basis and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year for the Parent and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(gg)(ii) are true and correct with respect to the Projections;   provided  ,    however  , if the Parent shall not have obtained approval of such Projections from its Board of Directors prior to the last day of any Fiscal Year, then the Parent shall deliver draft Projections to the Agent within 15 days of the last day of such Fiscal Year and then deliver to the Agent such revised Projections within 5 Business Days following the approval by the Board of Directors of the Parent  ; 

96 

(viii)   promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority, all material documents and material information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party involving allegations of wrongdoing against any Loan Party (other than routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority), to the extent such disclosure is not prohibited by any Requirement of Law; 

(ix)     as soon as possible, and in any event within 3 days after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(x)      (A) as soon as possible after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof knows or has reason to know that (1) any Reportable Event with respect to any Employee Plan has occurred, (2) any other Termination Event with respect to any Employee Plan has occurred, or (3) an accumulated funding deficiency has been incurred or an application has been made to the Secretary of the Treasury for a waiver or modification of the minimum funding standard (including installment payments) or an extension of any amortization period under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to an Employee Plan, a statement of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower setting forth the details of such occurrence and the action, if any, which such Loan Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, (B) promptly after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from the PBGC, copies of each notice received by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of the PBGC's intention to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer any Plan, (C) promptly after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service if requested by any Agent, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan and Multiemployer Plan, (D) promptly after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof knows or has reason to know that a required installment within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code has not been made when due with respect to an Employee Plan, (E) promptly after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or from the PBGC, a copy of each notice received by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof concerning the imposition or amount of withdrawal liability under Section 4202 of ERISA or indicating that such Multiemployer Plan may enter reorganization status under Section 4241 of ERISA, and (F) promptly after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party or such ERISA Affiliate thereof; 

(xi)     promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than 5 days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

97 

(xii)     as soon as practicable, copies of any amendment, waiver or notification that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with any Material Contract that could reasonably be expected to be adverse to the interests of the Lenders; 

(xiii)    as soon as practicable, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with the sale or other Disposition of the Equity Interests of, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any Loan Party; 

(xiv)    promptly after (A) the sending or filing thereof, copies of all statements, reports and other information any Loan Party sends to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the SEC or any national (domestic or foreign) securities exchange and (B) the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness; 

(xv)     promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof;  

(xvi)    promptly upon request,   any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming the Borrowers' compliance with Section 7.02(r); 

(xvii)   simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements that is permitted by Section 7.02(q), the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a) will differ in any material respect from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents; and 

(xviii)    promptly upon request, such other information (  other than information subject to confidentiality obligations with a third party or attorney-client privilege or the sharing of which information is prohibited by applicable law, in which case, to the extent reasonably practical to provide the same, redacted summaries of such information shall be provided)   concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party as any Agent may from time to time may reasonably request  . 

(b)        Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security  .  Cause: 

(i)          each Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of any Loan Party organized under the laws of any Specified Jurisdiction that is not in existence on the Effective Date, each Subsidiary of any Loan Party which is a non-borrowing Subsidiary on the Effective Date (or upon formation or acquisition) but later ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary (including any Immaterial Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of the definition thereof), and any Subsidiary organized in a jurisdiction that becomes a  

98 

Specified Jurisdiction after the Effective Date, to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within 5 Business Days after the formation or change in status of, or on the date of any acquisition of, such Subsidiary, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or a Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement or other Security Document, together with (1) certificates, if any, evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary   required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement or other Security Document  , (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (C) to the extent required under the terms of this Agreement, one or more Mortgages creating on the fee-owned real property of such Subsidiary a perfected, first priority Lien (in terms of priority, subject only to Permitted Specified Liens) on such real property and such other Real Property Deliverables as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such real property, and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Security Document or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and that substantially all property and assets of such Subsidiary shall become Collateral for the Obligations; 

(ii)         each owner (that is a Loan Party) of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within 10 Business Days, or such longer date as the Collateral Agent may agree to in its sole discretion, after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Security Agreement) or comparable document pursuant to the applicable Security Document, together with (A) certificates, if any, evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary   required to be pledged under the terms of the applicable Security Documents  , (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such certificated Equity Interests executed in blank, (C) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent; and 

(iii)        notwithstanding the foregoing, no CFC of a U.S. Loan Party shall be required to become a Guarantor with respect to the U.S. Obligations (and, as such, shall not be required to deliver the documents required by clause (i) above to secure the U.S. Obligations) and no property or assets of any CFC shall be required to be pledged or otherwise subject to a Lien under the Loan Documents to secure the U.S. Obligations;   provided  ,    however  , that if the Equity Interests of such CFC are owned by a U.S. Loan Party, such U.S. Loan Party shall deliver, all such documents, instruments, agreements (including, without limitation, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, a pledge agreement governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such CFC, but only to the extent that such CFC is organized under the laws of a Specified Jurisdiction), and certificates, if any, described in clause (ii) above to the Collateral Agent, and take all commercially reasonable actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or otherwise necessary to grant and to perfect a first-priority Lien (subject to Permitted Specified Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders to secure the U.S. Obligations, in sixty five percent (65%) of the voting Equity Interests of such CFC and one hundred percent (100%) of all non-voting Equity Interests of such CFC  

99 

owned by such Loan Party.  Nothing contained in this clause (iii) shall limit the obligation of such CFC to become a Guarantor with respect to the Obligations that do not constitute U.S. Obligations, including, without limitation, the Foreign Obligations. 

(c)        Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes. 

(i)          Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects, with all Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws), judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing). 

(ii)         Pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in   full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all T  axes imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries except (x) Taxes in an aggregate amount for all such Taxes not exceeding $250,000  ,    at any one time, and (y) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty or Lien and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 

(d)        Preservation of Existence, Etc.    Except as otherwise permitted under Section 7.02(c), maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e)        Keeping of Records and Books of Account  .  Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with complete (in all material respects) entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

(f)        Inspection Rights  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.06(e), permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents and representatives of any Agent at any time and from time to time during normal business hours, at the expense of the Borrowers, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets, to conduct audits, valuations, appraisals or examinations and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives so long as (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the Administrative Borrower has been given a reasonable opportunity to have a representative present at any such meeting (and if the Administrative Borrower so elects to have a representative present at such meeting, then such meeting shall be held at a time and location that is reasonably acceptable to both the Administrative Borrower and the Agents), and such meeting shall be upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours.  In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs,  

100 

finances and accounts of such Person (independently or together with representatives of such Person) with the agents and representatives of any Agent in accordance with this Section 7.01(f), so long as (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the Administrative Borrower has been given a reasonable opportunity to have a representative present at any such meeting (and if the Administrative Borrower so elects to have a representative present at such meeting, and such meeting shall be held at a time and location that is reasonably acceptable to both the Administrative Borrower and the Agents). 

(g)        Maintenance of Properties, Etc.      Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, and casualty and condemnation excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h)        Maintenance of Insurance  .  Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, property, worker's compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts, subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions, and covering such risks as is required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and in any event in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.  All policies covering the Collateral are to be made payable to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as its interests may appear, in case of loss, under a standard non contributory "lender" or "secured party" clause and are to contain such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require to fully protect the Lenders' interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies.  All certificates of insurance are to be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the policies are to be premium prepaid, with the loss payable (in the case of liability insurance) endorsement and additional insured and mortgagee endorsements (in the case of property insurance) in favor of the Collateral Agent and such other Persons as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time, and shall provide for not less than 30 days' (10 days' in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation.  If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, the Collateral Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at the Borrowers' expense and without any responsibility on the Collateral Agent's part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the sole right, in the name of the Lenders, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, to file claims under any insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 

101 

(i)        Obtaining of Permits, Etc.    Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j)        Environmental  .  (i)  Keep any real property either owned or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries free of any Environmental Liens; (ii) comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws in all material respects and provide to the Collateral Agent any non-privileged documentation of such compliance which the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; (iii) provide the Agents written notice within 5 Business Days of any Release of a Hazardous Material in excess of any reportable quantity from or onto property at any time owned or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries for which any Loan Party could reasonably be expected to be liable under Environmental Law and take any Remedial Actions required to abate said Release; and (iv) provide the Agents with written notice within 10 days of the receipt of any of the following:  (A) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) commencement of any Environmental Action or notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; and (C) notice of a violation, citation or other administrative order issued pursuant to Environmental Law, in each case, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k)        Fiscal Year  .  Cause the Fiscal Year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to end on or about the Saturday nearest to January 31 of each calendar year unless the Agents consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement). 

(l)        [Reserved]  . 

(m)        After Acquired Real Property  .  Upon the acquisition by it or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof of any fee interest in any real property (wherever located) (each such interest being a "  New Facility  ") with a Current Value (as defined below) in excess of $500,000, promptly so notify the Collateral Agent within 30 days after such acquisition, setting forth a description of the interest acquired, the location of the real property, any structures or improvements thereon and either an appraisal or such Loan Party's good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property (for purposes of this Section, the "  Current Value  ").  The Collateral Agent shall notify such Loan Party whether it intends to require a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables) with respect to such New Facility, except that Collateral Agent shall not require a Mortgage or any other Real Property Deliverables for any Facility as to which the Collateral Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion that the costs and burdens of obtaining a security interest are excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby.  Upon receipt of such notice requesting a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables), the Person that has acquired such New Facility shall furnish the same to the Collateral Agent within 60 days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) after receipt of such request.  The Borrowers shall pay all fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, and all title insurance charges and premiums, in connection with each Loan Party's obligations under this Section 7.01(m). 

102 

(n)        Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws  .  Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(o)        Lender Meetings  .  Upon the reasonable request of any Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each Fiscal Year), participate in a meeting with the Agents and the Lenders at the Borrowers' corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders. 

(p)        Further Assurances  .  Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may reasonably require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party's name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof. 

Section 7.02        Negative Covenants  .  Until the Termination Date, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 

(a)        Liens, Etc.      Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor (other than an unauthorized financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor so long as such unauthorized financing statement is promptly terminated after the Loan Parties obtain knowledge thereof); sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens. 

103 

(b)        Indebtedness  .  Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 

(c)        Fundamental Changes; Dispositions  .     

(i)        Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing;   provided  ,    however  , that    

(A)      any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than a Borrower) may be merged into such Loan Party or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, or may consolidate or amalgamate with another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, so long as (1) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (2) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 5 days  prior written notice, if such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, or notifies the Agents within 5 days, if such Subsidiary is not a Loan Party, of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (3) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (4) the Lenders' rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (5) the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to the applicable Security Documents and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary are the subject of a Security Document, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation; 

(B)      any Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Loan Party may dissolve or liquidate;   provided   that if in connection with any such dissolution or liquidation, the dissolving entity transfers its assets to another Person and if in connection with such transaction a Loan Party is a transferor of assets, then to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a Permitted Investment; 

(C)      any Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Loan Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or dissolve or liquidate into any other Person in order to effect a Permitted Investment; 

(D)      except in the case of a merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation of a Loan Party, any merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect a Permitted Disposition may be effected; 

(E)      any Loan Party (other than the Borrowers) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or liquidate or dissolve into any other Person so long as an  

104 

Unrestricted Loan Party is the surviving Person, or, if a Loan Party (other than a Borrower) is a Restricted Guarantor, such Restricted Guarantor may merger, amalgamate or consolidate with or liquidate or dissolve into any other Loan Party which remains as the surviving Person; and 

(F)      any Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Loan Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or liquidate or dissolve into any other Subsidiary of any Borrower. 

(ii)        Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (or agree to do any of the foregoing), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing;   provided  ,    however  , that   any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions. 

(d)        Change in Nature of Business  . 

(i)      Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as described in Section 6.01(l). 

(ii)     In the case of the Dutch Borrower,  

(A)      incur any Indebtedness other than (1) Indebtedness     under the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection with the Transactions and (2) Contingent Obligations with respect to Permitted Indebtedness;  

(B)      create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens other than (1) Liens created under the Loan Documents or (2) Permitted Liens consisting of deposits made in the ordinary course of business or arising by operation of any Requirements of Law; or 

(C)      engage in any business activity or own any material assets other than (1) holding the Equity Interests of Hi-Tec and, indirectly, any Subsidiary of Hi-Tec (and/or any joint venture of any thereof); (2) performing its obligations under the Loan Documents and other Indebtedness and Liens (including the granting of Liens) described in clauses (A) and (B) above; (3) issuing its own Equity Interests (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the making of any dividend or distribution on account of, or any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of, any shares of any class of Equity Interests); (4) filing tax reports and paying taxes and other customary obligations in the ordinary course (and contesting any taxes); (5) preparing reports to Governmental Authorities and to its shareholders; (6) holding director and shareholder meetings, preparing organizational records and other organizational activities required to maintain its separate organizational structure or to comply with applicable Requirements of Law; (7) providing indemnification for its officers, directors, members of management, employees and advisors or consultants; (8) the performance of its obligations under any document, agreement and/or Investment contemplated by the Transactions or Investments consisting of Contingent Obligations in the ordinary course of business; (9) complying with applicable Requirements of Law (including with respect to the maintenance of its existence); and (10) activities incidental to any of the foregoing. 

105 

(e)        Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc.    Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. 

(f)        Sale and Leaseback Transactions  .  Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 

(g)        [Reserved]  . 

(h)        Restricted Payments  .  Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. 

(i)        Federal Reserve Regulations  .  Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 

(j)        Transactions with Affiliates  .  Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm's length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $250,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions with another Loan Party, (iii) transactions permitted by Section 7.02(e) and Section 7.02(h), (iv) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent to Affiliates of the Parent not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, (vi) the Transactions, and (vii) transactions between or among the Loan Parties otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement. 

(k)        Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries  .  Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing;   provided  ,     however  ,     that nothing in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 7.02(k) shall prohibit or restrict compliance with: 

(A)          this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

106 

(B)          any agreement in effect on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 7.02(k), or any extension, replacement or continuation of any such agreement;   provided  , that, any such encumbrance or restriction contained in such extended, replaced or continued agreement is no less favorable to the Agents and the Lenders than the encumbrance or restriction under or pursuant to the agreement so extended, replaced or continued; 

(C)          any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, applicable currency control laws and applicable state corporate statutes restricting the payment of dividends in certain circumstances); 

(D)          in the case of clause (iv), (1) customary restrictions on the subletting, assignment or transfer of any specified property or asset set forth in a lease, license, asset sale agreement or similar contract for the conveyance of such property or asset and (2) instrument or other document evidencing a Permitted Lien (or the Indebtedness secured thereby) from restricting on customary terms the transfer of any property or assets subject thereto; 

(E)          Permitted Liens or customary restrictions on dispositions of real property interests in reciprocal easement agreements; 

(F)          customary restrictions in agreements for the sale of assets on the transfer or encumbrance of such assets during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets; 

(G)          customary restrictions in contracts that prohibit the assignment of such contract; or 

(H)          customary restrictions on (i) the Equity Interests of a joint venture or (ii) the operation of a joint venture, in each case, set forth in an agreement governing a joint venture to which such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party. 

(l)        Limitations on Negative Pledges  .  Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following: (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(b) of this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) any customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of assets or of a Subsidiary pending such sale or other disposition;   provided   that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets or Subsidiary to be sold or disposed of and such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder, (iv) customary restrictions in leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions relate to the assets subject thereto, (v) customary provisions regarding confidentiality or restricting assignment, pledges or transfer of  

107 

any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, and (vi) customary restrictions with respect to (A) the Equity Interests of a joint venture and (B) the operation of a joint venture, in each case of this clause (vi), set forth in an agreement governing a joint venture to which such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party. 

(m)       Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements; Etc.       

(i)      Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries' Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity of, or require any payment to be made earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness, would increase the interest rate applicable to such Indebtedness, would add any covenant or event of default, would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, or would otherwise be adverse to the Lenders or the issuer of such Indebtedness in any respect; 

(ii)     except for the Obligations, (A) make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries' Indebtedness (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Subordinated Indebtedness in violation of the subordination provisions thereof or any subordination agreement with respect thereto;   provided   that the Batra A/R Loan Facility, notwithstanding that it is Subordinated Indebtedness, may be repaid with the cash proceeds of (1) the Batra A/R made available to the Dutch Borrower, (2) adjustments to the purchase price of the Hi-Tec Acquisition received by the Dutch Borrower in connection with the Batra A/R pursuant to Section 5.2 and Schedule 8 of the Hi-Tec Acquisition Agreement or (3) Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriter of the Equity Offering of its over-allotment option pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Equity Offering, but only using proceeds issued after the initial issuance date of the Equity Offering, which are issued in excess of 5% of the initial issuance size of such Equity Offering (without giving effect to such over-allotment option exercise) and to the extent such excess cash proceeds are made available to the Dutch Borrower, and the Batra A/R Loan Facility may, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, be paid regularly scheduled interest as and when due, or (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing;   provided  , that this clause (ii) shall not apply to (1) Permitted Intercompany Investments, (2) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and (3) Permitted Indebtedness under clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;  

108 

(iii)    amend, modify or otherwise change any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders' agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) in a manner adverse in any material respect to the Agents or the Lenders; or 

(iv)     agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under any Material Contract or any Acquisition Document if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be adverse in any material respect to the Agents and the Lenders. 

(n)        Investment Company Act of 1940  .  No Loan Party is an  investment company  registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor is any Loan Party controlled by such a company. 

(o)        ERISA  .  (i) Engage, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage, in any transaction described in Section 4069 of ERISA; (ii) engage, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage, in any prohibited transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code for which a statutory or class exemption is not available or a private exemption has not previously been obtained from the U.S. Department of Labor, except to the extent that the penalty for all prohibited transactions could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;  (iii) fail to make any contribution or payment to any Multiemployer Plan which it or any ERISA Affiliate may be required to make under any agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan, or any law pertaining thereto, except to the extent that such failure could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (iv) fail, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to fail, to pay any required installment or any other payment required for an Employee Plan under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code on or before the due date for such installment or other payment except to the extent that such failure could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p)        Environmental  .  Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any property owned or leased by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such actions could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(q)        Accounting Methods  .  Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles from those utilized in the preparation of the Financial Statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 

(r)        Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws  . 

(i)          None of the Loan Parties, nor (to the knowledge of any Loan Party) any of   their   Affiliates, shall, except to the extent authorized under the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws: 

109 

(A)          conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Blocked Person;  

(B)          deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to the OFAC Sanctions Programs;  

(C)          use any of the proceeds of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to finance, promote or otherwise support in any manner any violation of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws or any specified unlawful activity as that term is defined in the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C.    1956 and 1957; or     

(D)          violate, attempt to violate, or engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

(ii)       None of the Loan Parties, nor any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, nor any officer, director or principal shareholder or owner of any of the Loan Parties, nor any of the Loan Parties' respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, shall be or shall become a Blocked Person. 

(s)        Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws.    None of the Loan Parties shall: 

(i)          offer, promise, pay, give, or authorize the payment or giving of any money, gift or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Foreign Official for the purpose of: (1) influencing any act or decision of such Foreign Official in his, her, or its official capacity; or (2) inducing such Foreign Official to do, or omit to do, an act in violation of the lawful duty of such Foreign Official, or (3) securing any improper advantage, in order to obtain or retain business for, or with, or to direct business to, any Person; or  

(ii)         act or attempt to act in any manner which would subject any of the Loan Parties to liability under any Anti-Corruption Law. 

(t)        Centre of Main Interest  . No Loan Party whose jurisdiction of incorporation or organization is in a member state of the European Union shall deliberately change its  centre of main interests  (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) in a manner which would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders. 

Section 7.03        Financial Covenants  .  Until the Termination Date, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 

(a)        Leverage Ratio  .  Permit the Leverage Ratio of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on or about April 28, 2017), for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for which the last quarter ends on or about a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date: 

110 

(b)        Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  .  Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on or about April 28, 2017), for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for which the last quarter ends on or about a date set forth below to be less than the ratio set forth opposite such date: 

ARTICLE VIII                                          CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 

Section 8.01        Cash Management Arrangements  .  (a)  The Loan Parties shall (i) establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agents at one or more of the banks set forth on Schedule 8.01 (each a "  Cash Management Bank  ") and (ii) except as otherwise provided under Section 8.01(b), deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event no later than the next Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all Collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and all other amounts received by any Loan Party (including payments made by Account Debtors directly to any Loan Party) into a Cash Management Account. 

111 

(b)         Within 30 days after the Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall, with respect to each Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts), deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement with respect to such Cash Management Account and, from and after the date that is 30 days following the Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall not maintain, and shall not permit any of their Subsidiaries to maintain, cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a Control Agreement in respect of each such Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts or newly acquired deposit or securities accounts in connection with Permitted Acquisitions (each, an "  Acquired Account  "), in which case the Loan Parties shall cause such Acquired Account to become subject to a Control Agreement within 30 days following the closing of such Permitted Acquisition (or such longer time as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion)). 

(c)        Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Control Agreement with respect to a Cash Management Account, all amounts received in such Cash Management Account shall at the Administrative Agent's direction be wired each Business Day into the Administrative Agent's Account, except that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent will not direct the Cash Management Bank to transfer funds in such Cash Management Account to the Administrative Agent's Account. 

(d)        So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers may amend Schedule 8.01 to add or replace a Cash Management Bank or Cash Management Account;   provided  ,    however  , that (i) except with respect to an Acquired Account (the institution maintaining an Acquired Account, an    Acquired Cash Management Bank   ) prior to the time of the opening of such Cash Management Account, each Loan Party and such prospective Cash Management Bank shall have executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Acquired Account and Acquired Cash Management Bank, Schedule 8.01 shall be automatically amended upon the closing of a Permitted Acquisition to reflect such Acquired Account(s) and Acquired Cash Management Bank.  Each Loan Party shall close any of its Cash Management Accounts (and establish replacement cash management accounts in accordance with the foregoing sentence) promptly and in any event within 30 days of notice from the Collateral Agent that the creditworthiness of any Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent's reasonable judgment, or the Collateral Agent's liability under any Control Agreement with such Cash Management Bank, or that the operating performance, funds transfer, or availability of procedures or performance of such Cash Management Bank with respect to Cash Management Accounts, is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent's reasonable judgment. 

ARTICLE IX                                        EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 9.01        Events of Default  .  Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an "  Event of Default  "): 

(a)        any Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), all or any portion of the principal of  

112 

the Loans, any Collateral Agent Advance, any interest on any Loan or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;  

(b)        any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any officer of the foregoing under or in connection with any Loan Document or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or "Material Adverse Effect" in the text thereof) when made or deemed made;  

(c)        any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.03, Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d), Section 7.01(f), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.01(k), Section 7.01(m), Section 7.01(o), Section 7.02 or Section 7.03 or Article VIII, or any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in any Security Document to which it is a party or any Mortgage to which it is a party; 

(d)        any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 9.01, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 15 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party; 

(e)        any Loan Party shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement) having an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of $750,000, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace or cure period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof; 

(f)        any Loan Party (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) incorporated or organized in the Netherlands shall have filed a notice under Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act  

113 

of the Netherlands (  Invorderingswet 1990  ) or Section 60 of the Social Insurance Financing Act of the Netherlands (  Wet Financiering Sociale Verzekeringen  ) in conjunction with Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands (  Invorderingswet 1990  ) or (v) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f); 

(g)        any proceeding shall be instituted against any Loan Party seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 45 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; 

(h)        any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; 

(i)        any Security Document, any Mortgage or any other security document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason (except as a result of an action or failure to act on the part of any Agent within its reasonable control after having been provided with the information required by the Loan Documents) fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on any Collateral with a value in excess of $750,000 that is purported to be covered thereby;  

(j)        one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding $1,000,000 in the aggregate   (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage)   shall be rendered against any Loan Party and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of 10 consecutive days after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal; 

(k)        any Loan Party is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any court or any Governmental Authority from conducting, or otherwise ceases to conduct for any reason whatsoever, all or any material part of its business for more than 15 days    ; 

114 

(l)        (x) if in any twelve month period (each, a "  Test Period  ") there is a loss or termination of, or failure to renew, one or more contracts (excluding, in any event, the impact of non-renewal of the Target Agreement as previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent prior to the Effective Date) that in the aggregate represent $5,000,000 per annum or more in revenue of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (the "  Projected Lost Revenue  "), then at the end of the six month period immediately following a Test Period (the "  Reference Period  "), the Parent shall calculate the difference between (A) the revenue of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the twelve month period most recently concluded at the end of the Reference Period (the "  Initial Revenue Period  "), but excluding in such calculation revenue received from such agreements, contracts or arrangements that were lost, terminated or failed to be renewed during the relevant Test Period and (B) the revenue of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the twelve month period most recently concluded immediately prior to the Initial Revenue Period (such difference between (A) and (B), the "  Revenue Comparison Amount  ", which such amount shall not in any case be deemed to be less than zero), and (y) the amount that is the difference between (1) the Projected Lost Revenue minus (2) the Revenue Comparison Amount is greater than $5,000,000, unless the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall have entered into one or more new, modified or reinstated license agreements or other contracts or contractual arrangements (whether through the entry into new contracts or agreements, modifications of existing contracts or agreements or the reinstatement of previously expired or terminated contracts or agreements), that provide for, in the aggregate, future additional revenue per annum (in excess of the revenue received from such agreements, contracts or arrangements during the Initial Revenue Period) equal to or in excess of the Projected Lost Revenue; 

(m)       the indictment of any Loan Party under any criminal statute, or commencement of criminal or civil proceedings against any Loan Party, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties or remedies sought or available include forfeiture to any Governmental Authority of any material portion of the property of any Loan Party; 

(n)        any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates shall have made a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan, and, as a result of such complete or partial withdrawal, any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates incurs a withdrawal liability in an annual amount exceeding $750,000; or a Multiemployer Plan enters reorganization status under Section 4241 of ERISA, and, as a result thereof any Loan Party's or any of its ERISA Affiliates' annual contribution requirements with respect to such Multiemployer Plan increases in an annual amount exceeding $750,000; 

(o)        any Termination Event with respect to any Employee Plan shall have occurred, and, 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given to any Loan Party by any Agent, (i) such Termination Event (if correctable) shall not have been corrected, and (ii) the then current value of such Employee Plan's vested benefits exceeds the then current value of assets allocable to such benefits in such Employee Plan by more than $750,000 (or, in the case of a Termination Event involving liability under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, the liability is in excess of such amount); or 

(p)        a Change of Control shall have occurred, 

115 

then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Administrative Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the Applicable Premium with respect to the Commitments so terminated and the Loans so repaid, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents;   provided  ,    however  , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 9.01 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Applicable Premium, shall be accelerated and become due and payable automatically and immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party.           

ARTICLE X                                          AGENTS 

Section 10.01        Appointment  .  Each Lender (and each subsequent maker of any Loan by its making thereof) hereby irrevocably appoints, authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to perform the duties of each such Agent as set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including:  (i) to receive on behalf of each Lender any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans outstanding hereunder and all other amounts accrued hereunder for the account of the Lenders and paid to such Agent, and, subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement, to distribute promptly to each Lender its Pro Rata Share of all payments so received; (ii) to distribute to each Lender copies of all material notices and agreements received by such Agent and not required to be delivered to each Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that the Agents shall not have any liability to the Lenders for any Agent's inadvertent failure to distribute any such notices or agreements to the Lenders; (iii) to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Loans, and related matters and to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Collateral and related matters; (iv) to execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (v) to make the Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, for such Agent or on behalf of the applicable Lenders as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vi) to perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the Loan Parties, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same to the extent reasonably incidental to the exercise by such Agent of the rights and remedies specifically authorized to be exercised by such  

116 

Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vii)  to incur and pay such fees necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (viii) subject to Section 10.03, to take such action as such Agent deems appropriate on its behalf to administer the Loans and the Loan Documents and to exercise such other powers delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the power to give or to refuse to give notices, waivers, consents, approvals and instructions and the power to make or to refuse to make determinations and calculations); and (ix) to act with respect to all Collateral under the Loan Documents, including for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations.  As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans), the Agents shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) shall be binding upon all Lenders and all makers of Loans;   provided  ,    however  , the Agents shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of any Agent, exposes such Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law. 

117 

Section 10.02        Nature of Duties; Delegation  .  (a) The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents.  The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature.  The Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein.  Each Lender shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and the value of the Collateral, and the Agents shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into their possession before the initial Loan hereunder or at any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable request of a Lender, each Agent shall provide to such Lender any documents or reports delivered to such Agent by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  If any Agent seeks the consent or approval of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, such Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender.  Each Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time that the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) have instructed such Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto. 

(b)        Each Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender).  Any such Person shall benefit from this Article X to the extent provided by the applicable Agent. 

Section 10.03        Rights, Exculpation, Etc.      The Agents and their directors, officers, agents or employees shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by them under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents (i) may treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof until the Collateral Agent receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof, pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof, signed by such payee and in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; (ii) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any Agent or counsel to the Loan Parties), independent public accountants, and other experts selected by any of them and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by any of them in accordance with the advice of such counsel or experts; (iii) make no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, certificates, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Person, the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, or to  

118 

inspect the Collateral or other property (including, without limitation, the books and records) of any Person; (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (vi) shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent's Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agents be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.  The Agents shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made in good faith pursuant to Section 4.03, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, and the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of the amount which they are determined to be entitled.  The Agents may at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents the Agents are permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the Agents shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under any of the Loan Documents until they shall have received such instructions from the Required Lenders.  Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents). 

Section 10.04        Reliance  .  Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. 

Section 10.05        Indemnification  .  To the extent that any Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by any Loan Party, and whether or not such Agent has made demand on any Loan Party for the same, the Lenders will, within five days of written demand by such Agent, reimburse such Agent for and indemnify such Agent from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, client charges and expenses of counsel or any other advisor to such Agent), advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in proportion to each Lender's Pro Rata Share, including, without limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 10.08;   provided  ,    however  , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements for which there has been a final non-appealable judicial determination by a court of competent jurisdiction that such liability resulted from such Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.05 shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and the termination of this Agreement. 

119 

Section 10.06        Agents Individually  .  With respect to its Pro Rata Share of the Total Commitment hereunder and the Loans made by it, each Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or maker of a Loan.  The terms "Lenders" or "Required Lenders" or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the Required Lenders.  Each Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with any Borrower as if it were not acting as an Agent pursuant hereto without any duty to account to the other Lenders. 

Section 10.07        Successor Agent  .  (a)  Any Agent may at any time give at least 30 days prior written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Administrative Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Administrative Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent.  If no such successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the "  Resignation Effective Date  "), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders appoint a successor Agent with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Administrative Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).  Whether or not a successor Agent has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 

(b)        With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (other than its obligations under Section 12.19 hereof and except that in the case of any Collateral held by such Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such retiring Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as a successor Agent shall have been appointed as provided for above.  Upon the acceptance of a successor's Agent's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (other than its obligations under Section 12.19 hereof).  After the retiring Agent's resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article, Section 12.04 and Section 12.15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent. 

Section 10.08        Collateral Matters  . 

(a)        The Collateral Agent may from time to time make such disbursements and advances ("  Collateral Agent Advances  ") which the Collateral Agent, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary or desirable to preserve, protect, prepare for sale or lease or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrowers of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay any other amount  

120 

chargeable to the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 12.04.  The Collateral Agent Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Reference Rate Loans.  The Collateral Agent Advances shall constitute Obligations hereunder which may be charged to the Loan Account in accordance with Section 4.01.  The Collateral Agent shall notify each Lender and the Administrative Borrower in writing of each such Collateral Agent Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose of such Collateral Agent Advance.  Without limitation to its obligations pursuant to Section 10.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make available to the Collateral Agent, upon the Collateral Agent's demand, in Dollars in immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of each such Collateral Agent Advance.  If such funds are not made available to the Collateral Agent by such Lender, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to recover such funds on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Collateral Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. 

(b)        The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral upon termination of the Total Commitment and payment and satisfaction of all Loans and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) in accordance with the terms hereof; or constituting property being sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of any Loan Party's business or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; or constituting property in which the Loan Parties owned no interest at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; or if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Lenders in accordance with Section 12.02.  Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent's authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.08(b). 

(c)        Without in any manner limiting the Collateral Agent's authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by the Lenders (as set forth in Section 10.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by the Collateral Agent, the authority to release Collateral conferred upon the Collateral Agent under Section 10.08(b).  Upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of confirmation from the Lenders of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon prior written request by any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders upon such Collateral;   provided  ,    however  , that (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Collateral Agent's reasonable opinion, would expose the Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Lien upon (or obligations of any Loan Party in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by any Loan Party. 

(d)        Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender  

121 

shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Loan Document or to enforce any Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof, (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and (iii) the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Agents and the Lenders (but not any other Agent or any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral to be sold (A) at any public or private sale, (B) at any sale conducted by the Collateral Agent under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (C) at any sale or foreclosure conducted by the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable law or (D) any sale conducted pursuant to the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law (including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), to use and apply all or any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale. 

(e)        The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Loan Parties or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document has been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 10.08 or in any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agent's own interest in the Collateral as one of the Lenders and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any other Lender, except as otherwise provided herein. 

Section 10.09        Agency for Perfection  .  Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a secured party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another secured party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders as secured party.  Should the Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent's request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or in accordance with the Collateral Agent's instructions.  In addition, the Collateral Agent shall also have the power and authority hereunder to appoint such other sub-agents as may be necessary or required under applicable state law or otherwise to perform its duties and enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral and under the  

122 

Loan Documents.  Each Loan Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing. 

Section 10.10        No Reliance on any Agent's Customer Identification Program.      Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on any Agent to carry out such Lender's, Affiliate's, participant's or assignee's customer identification program, or other requirements imposed by the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations issued thereunder, including the regulations set forth in 31   C.F.R.    1010.100(yy), (iii), 1020.100, and 1020.220 (formerly 31 C.F.R.   103.121), as hereafter amended or replaced ("  CIP Regulations  "), or any other Anti-Terrorism Laws, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby:  (1) any identity verification procedures, (2) any recordkeeping, (3) comparisons with government lists, (4) customer notices or (5) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or other regulations issued under the USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Lender, Affiliate, participant or assignee subject to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act will perform the measures necessary to satisfy its own responsibilities under the CIP Regulations. 

Section 10.11        No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  Other than Sections 10.07 and 10.08, the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 

Section 10.12        No Fiduciary Relationship  .  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term "agent" herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.         

Section 10.13        Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers  .  By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender: 

(a)        is deemed to have requested that each Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field audit or examination report with respect to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a "  Report  ") prepared by or at the request of such Agent, and each Agent shall so furnish each Lender with each such Report, 

(b)        expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Reports, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Reports, 

(c)        expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that any Agent or other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Parent and its Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon the Parent's and its Subsidiaries' books and records, as well as on representations of their personnel, 

123 

(d)        agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding the Parent and its Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 12.19, and 

(e)        without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees:  (i) to hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender's participation in, or the indemnifying Lender's purchase of, a loan or loans of the Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys' fees and costs) incurred by any such Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 

Section 10.14        Collateral Custodian       (a)      .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee may at any time and from time to time employ and maintain on the premises of any Loan Party a custodian selected by the Collateral Agent or its designee who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect the Agents' and the Lenders' interests.  Each Loan Party hereby agrees to, and to cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with any such custodian and to do whatever the Collateral Agent or its designee may reasonably request to preserve the Collateral.  All costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or its designee by reason of the employment of the custodian shall be the responsibility of the Borrowers and charged to the Loan Account. 

Section 10.15        Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim  . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b)        to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;    and any custodian, receiver, examiner, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Secured Party to make such  

124 

payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE XI                                                        GUARANTY 

Section 11.01        Guaranty  .  Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of (A) in the case of each Guarantor that is a U.S. Loan Party, all Obligations and (B) in the case of each Guarantor that is a Foreign Loan Party, the Foreign Obligations now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of any Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding), fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrowers, being the "  Guaranteed Obligations  "), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XI.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor's liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrowers to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Borrower.  In no event shall the obligation of any Guarantor hereunder exceed the maximum amount such Guarantor could guarantee under any Debtor Relief Law. 

Section 11.02        Guaranty Absolute  .  Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations for which it is responsible pursuant to Section 11.01 will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto.  Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XI constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender to any Collateral.  The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article XI are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions.  The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XI shall be, until the Termination Date, irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following: 

(a)        any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto; 

125 

(b)        any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise; 

(c)        any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations; 

(d)        the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party; 

(e)        any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party; or 

(f)        any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety. 

This Article XI shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 

Section 11.03        Waiver  .  Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XI and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XI from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor.  Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations.  Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.  Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XI, and acknowledges that this Article XI is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 

Section 11.04        Continuing Guaranty; Assignments  .  This Article XI is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of the cash  

126 

payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments and Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 12.07. 

Section 11.05        Subrogation  .  No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor's obligations under this Article XI, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall have been paid in full in cash and the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred.  If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XI thereafter arising.  If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. 

Section 11.06        Contribution  .  All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty.  Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Guaranty such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantor's Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date.  "  Fair Share  " means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all  

127 

Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Guaranty in respect of the obligations Guaranteed.  "  Fair Share Contribution Amount  " means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law;   provided  , solely for purposes of calculating the "Fair Share Contribution Amount" with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 11.06, any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor.  "  Aggregate Payments  " means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Guaranty (including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 11.06),   minus   (B) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 11.06.  The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor.  The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 11.06 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Guarantor hereunder.  Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 11.06. 

ARTICLE XII                                        MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01        Notices, Etc  . 

(a)        Notices Generally  .  All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, telecopier or, subject to clause (b) below, by electronic communication.  In the case of notices or other communications to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below (or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 12.01): 

Cherokee Inc. 5990 Sepulveda Boulevard 

Sherman Oaks, CA 91411 Attention:  Chief Financial Officer  Telephone:  (818) 909-9868 

Email: jasonb@cherokeeglobalbrands.com 

with a copy to: 

Morrison   Foerster LLP     425 Market Street     San Francisco, CA 94105     Attention: Dario D. Avram     Telephone:  (415) 268-7479 

128 

Email: DarioAvram@mofo.com 

if to the Administrative     Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at the following addresses:  Cerberus Business Finance LLC 875 Third Avenue New York, New York  10022 Attention: Mr. Daniel Wolf Telephone:  (212) 891-2121 Telecopier:  (212) 891-1541 Email:  dwolf@cerberuscapital.com 

Cerberus California, LLC 11812 San Vicente Blvd, Suite 300 Los Angeles, CA 90049 Attention: Mr. Joseph Spano Telephone:  (424) 832-5622 Email:  jspano@cerberuscalifornia.com 

in each case, with a copy to: 

Schulte Roth   Zabel LLP 919 Third Avenue New York, New York  10022 Attention:  Frederic L. Ragucci Telephone:  212-756-2000 Telecopier:  212-593-5955  Email:  frederic.ragucci@srz.com 

All notices or other communications sent in accordance with this Section 12.01, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or 3 Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail;   provided  , that (i) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (iii) notices by electronic communication shall be deemed to have been given as set forth in clause (b)(ii) below,   provided  ,    further   that notices to any Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until received by such Agent. 

(b)        Electronic Communications  . 

(i)      Each Agent and the Administrative Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic  

129 

communications pursuant to procedures approved by it;   provided   that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agents,   provided   that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to   Article II   if such Lender has notified the Agents that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. 

(ii)     Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor;   provided   that, for both clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 

Section 12.02        Amendments, Etc.    (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (excluding the Fee Letter), and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (x) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by the Agents and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), (y) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (z) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided  ,    however  , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

(i)      increase the Commitment of any Lender, reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans payable to any Lender, reduce the amount of any fee payable for the account of any Lender, or postpone or extend any scheduled date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, the Loans payable to any Lender, in each case, without the written consent of such Lender; 

(ii)     increase the Total Commitment without the written consent of each Lender; 

(iii)    change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that is required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder without the written consent of each Lender; 

130 

(iv)     amend the definition of "Required Lenders" or "Pro Rata Share" without the written consent of each Lender; 

(v)      release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), subordinate any Lien granted in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or release any Borrower or any Guarantor (except in connection with a Disposition of the Equity Interests thereof permitted by Section 7.02(c)(ii)), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; or 

(vi)     amend, modify or waive Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or this Section 12.02 of this Agreement without the written consent of each Lender. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent, affect the rights or duties of such Agent (but not in its capacity as a Lender) under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (B) any amendment, waiver or consent to any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 4.01 and 4.02) that permits any Loan Party, or any of their respective Affiliates to purchase Loans on a non-pro rata basis, become an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 and/or make offers to make optional prepayments on a non-pro rata basis shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders rather than the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby and (C) the consent of the Borrowers shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 2.05(d) and Section 4.03.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, equity holder of the Parent or any of their respective Affiliates that is a Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent under the Loan Documents and any Loans held by such Person for purposes hereof shall be automatically deemed to be voted pro rata according to the Loans of all other Lenders in the aggregate (other than such Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, equity holder of the Parent or Affiliate). 

(b)        If any action to be taken by the Lenders hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all of the Lenders or any Lender affected thereby, and a Lender (the "  Holdout Lender  ") fails to give its consent, authorization, or agreement, then the Collateral Agent, upon at least 5 Business Days prior irrevocable notice to the Holdout Lender, may permanently replace the Holdout Lender with one or more substitute lenders (each, a "  Replacement Lender  "), and the Holdout Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder.  Such notice to replace the Holdout Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given.  Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Holdout Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever.  If the Holdout Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance.  The replacement of any Holdout Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07.  Until such time as the Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Holdout Lender  

131 

hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Holdout Lender shall remain obligated to make its Pro Rata Share of Loans. 

Section 12.03        No Waiver; Remedies, Etc.    No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.  The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.  The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents and the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person. 

Section 12.04        Expenses; Taxes; Attorneys' Fees  .  The Borrowers agree to pay, without duplication, (1) on the Effective Date and (2) after the Effective Date, within 3 Business Days after receipt of an invoice that sets forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket  all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (n) below, each Lender), regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including, without limitation, reasonable and documented fees, out-of-pocket costs, client charges and expenses of counsel for each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (n) below, each Lender) (but limited in each case of this Section 12.04, for the Agents and the Lenders taken as a whole, to (x) one primary counsel for each Agent and one primary counsel for the Lenders (taken as a whole), (y) one regulatory counsel and (z) one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction or a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions, in each case unless a conflict arises, in which case the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of one conflicts counsel shall also be reimbursed by the Borrowers, and for the Agents and the Lenders taken as a whole, to all other types of professionals or advisors other than counsel (such as financial advisors, investment bankers, accountants, etc.) to one firm of each such type of advisors to the Agents and the Lenders, taken as a whole), accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, physical counts, valuations, investigations, searches and filings, monitoring of assets, appraisals of Collateral, the rating of the Loans, reasonable title searches and reviewing environmental assessments, miscellaneous disbursements, examination, travel, lodging and meals, arising from or relating to (but subject to any limitations set forth in Section 2.06(d)):  (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the preparation of any additional Loan Documents pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or the review of any of the agreements, instruments and documents referred to in Section 7.01(f)), (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents whether or not such documents become effective or are given, (c) the enforcement of any rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the preservation and protection of the Agents' or any of the Lenders' rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or brought against any Agent or any Lender by any Person that arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agents' or the Lenders' claims against any Loan Party, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any other Loan  

132 

Document, (f) the filing of any petition, complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by any Agent or any Lender, or the taking of any action in respect of the Collateral or other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except in each case under clauses (d), (e) and (f), no reimbursement shall be required to the extent any such costs and expenses are the result of the gross negligence, willful misconduct of or breach of a funding obligation under a Loan Document by such Person claiming reimbursement, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other security in accordance with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any Lien or security interest in any Collateral or other security in accordance with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) any attempt to collect from any Loan Party in accordance with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (j) all liabilities and costs arising from or in connection with the past, present or future operations of any Loan Party involving any damage to real or personal property or natural resources or harm or injury alleged to have resulted from any Release of Hazardous Materials on, upon or into such property, (k) any Environmental Liabilities and Costs incurred in connection with the investigation, removal, cleanup and/or remediation of any Hazardous Materials present or arising out of the operations of any Facility of any Loan Party, (l) any Environmental Liabilities and Costs incurred in connection with any Environmental Lien, (m) the rating of the Loans by one or more rating agencies in connection with any Lender's Securitization, or (n) the receipt by any Agent or any Lender of any advice from professionals with respect to any of the foregoing.  Without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of any Loan Document:  (x) the Borrowers agree to pay all stamp, document, transfer, recording filing or similar fees or Taxes required to be paid under applicable law in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and the Borrowers agree to save each Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all present or future claims, liabilities or losses with respect to or resulting from any omission by the Borrowers to timely pay any such fees or Taxes, (y) the Borrowers agree to pay all broker fees that may become due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (z) if the Borrowers fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any Agent may itself perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and the expenses of such Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be reimbursed on demand by the Borrowers.  The obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 12.04 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 

Section 12.05        Right of Set-off  .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Agent or any Lender may, and is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, without notice to any Loan Party (any such notice being expressly waived by the Loan Parties) and to the fullest extent permitted by law, set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all obligations of the Loan Parties either now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured;   provided   that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated  

133 

by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off.  Each Agent and each Lender agrees to notify such Loan Party promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.  The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this Section 12.05 are in addition to the other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Agents and the Lenders may have under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents of law or otherwise. 

Section 12.06        Severability  .   Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 12.07        Assignments and Participations  . 

(a)        This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns;   provided  ,    however  , that none of the Loan Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender and any such assignment without the Lenders' prior written consent shall be null and void. 

(b)        Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (c) below, each Lender may assign to one or more other lenders or other entities all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to: 

(i)          all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment and any Term Loan made by it with the written consent of the Collateral Agent, and  

(ii)         all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans made by it with the written consent of each Agent;  

provided  ,    however  , that no written consent of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent shall be required if such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender. 

(c)        Assignments   shall be subject to the following additional conditions:     

(i)          each such assignment shall be in an amount which is at least $1,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remainder of such Lender's Commitment) (except such minimum amount shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to (A) a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) a group of new Lenders, each of whom is an Affiliate or Related Fund of each other to the extent the  

134 

aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $1,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof); 

(ii)         the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable), for its acceptance, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any promissory note subject to such assignment and such parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, a processing and recordation fee of $5,000 (except the payment of such fee shall not be required in connection with an assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender); 

(iii)      no such assignment shall be made to (A) any Loan Party, equity holder of the Parent or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B);   and  

(iv)         unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Borrower shall have provided its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to any assignment,   provided   that such consent will not be required if (A) the assignment is to an existing Lender or an Affiliate or Related Fund of an existing Lender   or (B) such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender. 

(d)        Upon such execution, delivery and acceptance, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance and recordation on the Register, which effective date shall be at least 3 Business Days after the delivery thereof to the Collateral Agent (or such shorter period as shall be agreed to by the Collateral Agent and the parties to such assignment), (A) the assignee thereunder shall become a "Lender" hereunder and, in addition to the rights and obligations hereunder held by it immediately prior to such effective date, have the rights and obligations hereunder that have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, other than obligations which survive under Section 12.19, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto).     

(e)        By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows:  (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the performance  

135 

or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other documents and information it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the assigning Lender, any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agents to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto; and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(f)        The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to be maintained at the Payment Office, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the "  Register  ") for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and the principal amount of the Loans (and stated interest thereon) (the "  Registered Loans  ") owing to each Lender from time to time.  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(g)        Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Assignment and Acceptance, and subject to any consent required from the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.07(b) (which consent of the applicable Agent must be evidenced by such Agent's execution of an acceptance to such Assignment and Acceptance), the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment, record the information contained therein in the Register (as adjusted to reflect any principal payments on or amounts capitalized and added to the principal balance of the Loans and/or Commitment reductions made subsequent to the effective date of the applicable assignment, as confirmed in writing by the corresponding assignor and assignee in conjunction with delivery of the assignment to the Administrative Agent) and provide to the Collateral Agent a copy of the fully executed Assignment and Acceptance. 

(h)        A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide).  Any assignment or sale of all or part of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new  

136 

registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s).  Prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same), the Agents shall treat the Person in whose name such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered on the Register as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 

(i)        In the event that any Lender sells participations in a Registered Loan, such Lender shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register, on which it enters the name of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Registered Loan that is the subject of the participation (the "  Participant Register  ").  A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide).  Any participation of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register.  The Participant Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(j)        Any Non-U.S. Lender who purchases or is assigned or participates in any portion of such Registered Loan shall comply with Section 2.09(d). 

(k)        Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans made by it); provided, that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, its Commitments hereunder) and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and (iii) a participant shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except (A) actions directly effecting an extension of the maturity dates or decrease in the principal amount of the Loans, (B) actions directly effecting an extension of the due dates or a decrease in the rate of interest payable on the Loans or the fees payable under this Agreement, or (C) actions directly effecting a release of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral or any Loan Party (except as set forth in Section 10.08 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document).  The Loan Parties agree that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.09 and Section 2.10 of this Agreement with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Loans as if it was a Lender. 

(l)        Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or loans made to such Lender pursuant to securitization or similar credit facility (a "  Securitization  ");   provided   that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or  

137 

substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  The Loan Parties shall cooperate with such Lender and its Affiliates to effect the Securitization including, without limitation, by providing such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender in connection with the rating of its Loans or the Securitization. 

Section 12.08        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement.  The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document   mutatis mutandis  . 

Section 12.09        GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK;    PROVIDED THAT NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING AND THE GOVERNING LAW PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS IT IS UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED THAT (A) THE DETERMINATION OF THE ACCURACY OF ANY SPECIFIED ACQUISITION AGREEMENT REPRESENTATIONS AND WHETHER AS A RESULT OF ANY INACCURACY THEREOF EITHER THE PARENT OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAVE THE RIGHT NOT TO CONSUMMATE THE HI-TEC ACQUISITION OR TO TERMINATE ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE HI-TEC ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND (B) THE DETERMINATION OF WHETHER THE HI-TEC ACQUISITION HAS BEEN CONSUMMATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE HI-TEC ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND, IN ANY CASE, CLAIMS OR DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF ANY SUCH INTERPRETATION OR DETERMINATION OR ANY ASPECT THEREOF SHALL, IN EACH CASE, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE NETHERLANDS, REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. 

Section 12.10        CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE  . 

(a)        ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, OR OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF  

138 

THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY MEANS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.01, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING.  THE LOAN PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LOAN PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

(b)        Each Foreign Loan Party hereby irrevocably appoints the Parent (the "  Process Agent  "), with an office on the date hereof as set forth in Section 12.01 as its agent to receive on behalf of each Foreign Loan Party service of the summons and complaint and any other process which may be served in any action or proceeding described above.  Such service may be made by mailing or delivering a copy of such process to each Foreign Loan Party, in care of the Process Agent at the address specified above for such Process Agent, and such Foreign Loan Party hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Process Agent to accept such service on its behalf.    Each Foreign Loan Party covenants and agrees that, for so long as it shall be bound under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it shall maintain a duly appointed agent for the service of summons and other legal process in New York, New York, United States of America, for the purposes of any legal action, suit or proceeding brought by any party in respect of this Agreement or such other Loan Document and shall keep the Agents advised of the identity and location of such agent.  If for any reason there is no authorized agent for service of process in New York, each Foreign Loan Party irrevocably consents to the service of process out of the said courts by mailing copies thereof by registered United States air mail postage prepaid to it at its address specified in Section 12.01.  Nothing in this Section 12.10 shall affect the right of any Secured Party to (i) commence legal proceedings or otherwise sue any Foreign Loan Party in the country in which it is domiciled or in any other court having jurisdiction over such Foreign  

139 

Loan Party or (ii) serve process upon any Foreign Loan Party in any manner authorized by the laws of any such jurisdiction. 

Section 12.11        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC.    EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM CONCERNING ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, WAIVER, CONSENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR OTHER AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH IN THE FUTURE MAY BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR ARISING FROM ANY FINANCING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDINGS OR COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.  EACH LOAN PARTY CERTIFIES THAT NO OFFICER, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT. 

Section 12.12        Consent by the Agents and Lenders  .  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein to the contrary or in any other Loan Document, if the consent, approval, satisfaction, determination, judgment, acceptance or similar action (an "  Action  ") of any Agent or any Lender shall be permitted or required pursuant to any provision hereof or any provision of any other agreement to which any Loan Party is a party and to which any Agent or any Lender has succeeded thereto, such Action shall be required to be in writing and may be withheld or denied by such Agent or such Lender, in its sole discretion, with or without any reason, and without being subject to question or challenge on the grounds that such Action was not taken in good faith. 

Section 12.13        No Party Deemed Drafter  .  Each of the parties hereto agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 

Section 12.14        Reinstatement; Certain Payments  .  If any claim is ever made upon any Secured Party for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Secured Party in payment or on account of any of the Obligations, such Secured Party shall give prompt notice of such claim to each other Agent and Lender and the Administrative Borrower, and if such Secured Party repays all or part of such amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Secured Party or any of its property, or (ii) any good faith settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such Secured Party with any such claimant, then and in such event each Loan Party agrees that (A) any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon it notwithstanding the cancellation of any Indebtedness hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or the termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and (B) it shall be and remain liable to such Secured Party hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Secured Party. 

140 

Section 12.15        Indemnification; Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages  .     

(a)        In addition to each Loan Party's other Obligations under this Agreement, each U.S. Loan Party agrees (with respect to all Obligations) and each Foreign Loan Party agrees (with respect to the Foreign Obligations) to, jointly and severally, defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and all of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, consultants and agents (collectively called the "  Indemnitees  ") from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and expenses) incurred by such Indemnitees, whether prior to or from and after the Effective Date, whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of or arising from or relating to or in connection with any of the following:  (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance or enforcement of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or of any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) any Agent's or any Lender's furnishing of funds to the Borrowers under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the management of any such Loans or the Borrowers' use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Agents and the Lenders relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower or the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers as herein provided, (iv) any matter relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or by any document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (v) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (collectively, the "  Indemnified Matters  ");   provided  ,    however  , that the U.S. Loan Parties and the Foreign Loan Parties, as applicable, shall not have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this subsection (a) for any Indemnified Matter caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b)        The indemnification for all of the foregoing losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses of the Indemnitees set forth in this Section 12.15 are chargeable against the Loan Account to the extent not paid by a Loan Party within 5 Business Days following presentation in writing of a request for the payment and a reasonably detailed invoice of all amounts claimed.  To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 12.15 may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law, to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Matters incurred by the Indemnitees. 

(c)        No Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Indemnitees, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each Loan Party hereby waives,  

141 

releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or seek any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. 

(d)        The indemnities and waivers set forth in this Section 12.15 shall survive the Termination Date. 

Section 12.16        Records  .  The unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, the interest rate or rates applicable to such unpaid principal and interest, the duration of such applicability, the Commitments, and the accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.06 hereof, shall at all times be ascertained from the records of the Agents, which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 

Section 12.17        Binding Effect  .  This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender and when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agents, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Loan Parties shall not have the right to assign their rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender, and any assignment by any Lender shall be governed by Section 12.07 hereof    . 

Section 12.18        Highest Lawful Rate  .  It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Agent and each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it.  Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document would be usurious as to any Agent or any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Agent or such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Obligations, it is agreed as follows:  (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Obligations shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to the Borrowers); and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.18, be canceled automatically by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or  

142 

such Lender to the Borrowers).  All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Agent or such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law.  If at any time and from time to time (x) the amount of interest payable to any Agent or any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.18 and (y) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Agent or such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Agent or such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.18. 

For purposes of this Section 12.18, the term "applicable law" shall mean that law in effect from time to time and applicable to the loan transaction between the Borrowers, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other, that lawfully permits the charging and collection of the highest permissible, lawful non-usurious rate of interest on such loan transaction and this Agreement, including laws of the State of New York and, to the extent controlling, laws of the United States of America and the laws of the Netherlands.  

The right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations does not include the right to accelerate any interest that has not accrued as of the date of acceleration.   

Section 12.19        Confidentiality  .  Each Agent and each Lender agrees (on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and representatives) to keep confidential, in accordance with its customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound practices of comparable commercial finance companies, any non-public information supplied to it by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which is identified in writing by the Loan Parties as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to such Person (and which at the time is not, and does not thereafter become, publicly available or available to such Person from another source not known to be subject to a confidentiality obligation to such Person not to disclose such information),   provided   that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure by any Agent or any Lender of any such information (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates' respective equityholders (including, without limitation, partners), directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, counsel, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential in accordance with this Section 12.19); (ii) to any other party hereto; (iii) to any assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or any party to a Securitization so long as such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or party to a Securitization first agrees, in writing, to be bound by confidentiality provisions similar in substance to this Section 12.19; (iv) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or judicial process or as otherwise requested by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction  

143 

over such Person (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, any examiner, auditor or accountant or any nationally recognized rating agency or otherwise to the extent consisting of general portfolio information that does not identify Loan Parties provided, unless specifically prohibited by applicable law or court order, each Agent and each Lender shall make reasonable efforts to notify the Borrower of any request by any Governmental Authority or representative thereof; (v) in connection with any litigation to which any Agent or any Lender is a party that arises from or relates to being a party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vi) as is reasonably necessary in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; or (vii) with the consent of the Administrative Borrower. 

Section 12.20        Public Disclosure  .  Each Loan Party agrees that neither it nor any of its Affiliates will now or in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of an Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of such Agent or such Lender, except to the extent that such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required or it is advisable in the opinion of counsel to do so under applicable law (in which event, such Loan Party or such Affiliate will (a) except as provided in clause (b) below, consult with such Agent or such Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure or (b) solely in the event the issuance of any press release or other public disclosure is required under 17 C.F.R.   243.100, use reasonable efforts to consult with such Agent or such Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure);   provided  , that the prior written consent of such Agent or such Lender shall be required only if such disclosure uses the name of such Agent, such Lender or any Affiliate thereof.  Each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Agent and each Lender, after consultation with the Borrowers, to advertise the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangements entered into among the parties hereto, as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate, including, without limitation, on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information on the Internet or worldwide web, or in announcements commonly known as tombstones, in such trade publications, business journals, newspapers of general circulation and to such selected parties as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate. 

Section 12.21        Integration  .  This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents and those provisions of the Commitment Letter that by their terms survive the termination or expiration of the Commitment Letter, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. 

144 

Section 12.22        USA PATRIOT Act  .  Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrowers and the Guarantors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the entities composing the Borrowers and the Guarantors, which information includes the name and address of each such entity and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the entities composing the Borrowers and the Guarantors in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Loan Party agrees to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver at its sole cost and expense, such instruments and documents as any Lender may reasonably require from time to time in order to enable such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Section 12.23        Judgment Currency  . This is an international financial transaction in which the specification of a currency and payment in New York is of the essence.  Dollars shall be the currency of account in the case of all payments pursuant to or arising under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, and all such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent's Account in New York in immediately available funds.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of each Loan Party to the Secured Parties under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents shall not be discharged by any amount paid in any other currency or in a place other than to the Administrative Agent's Account in New York to the extent that the amount so paid after conversion under this Agreement and transfer to New York does not yield the amount of Dollars in New York due under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents.  If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in Dollars into another currency (the "  Other Currency  "), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which the Administrative Agent could, in accordance with normal procedures, purchase Dollars with the Other Currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.  The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Secured Parties hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in such Other Currency, be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the Administrative Agent receives any sum adjudged to be so due in the Other Currency, the Administrative Agent may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase Dollars with the Other Currency.  If the Dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to the Secured Parties in Dollars, each Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Secured Parties against such loss, and if the Dollars so purchased exceed the sum originally due to the Secured Parties in Dollars, the Secured Parties agrees to remit to the Loan Parties such excess. 

145 

Section 12.24        Waiver of Immunity  . To the extent that any Loan Party has or hereafter may acquire (or may be attributed, whether or not claimed) any immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from jurisdiction of any court or from set-off or any legal process (whether service of process or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) with respect to itself or any of its property, such Loan Party hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such immunity in respect of (a) its obligations under the Loan Documents, (b) any legal proceedings to enforce such obligations and (c) any legal proceedings to enforce any judgment rendered in any proceedings to enforce such obligations.  Each Loan Party hereby agrees that the waivers set forth in this Section 12.24 shall be to the fullest extent permitted under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and are intended to be irrevocable for purposes of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. 

Section 12.25        English Language  . This Agreement and each other Loan Document have been negotiated and executed in English.  All certificates, reports, notices and other documents and communications given or delivered by any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in English or, if not in English, accompanied by a certified English translation thereof.  The English version of any such document shall control the meaning of the matters set forth herein. 

Section 12.26        Foreign Parallel Liability  . 

(a)        Each Foreign Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent an amount equal to the aggregate amount of its Foreign Corresponding Liabilities (as these may exist from time to time). 

(b)        The parties to this Agreement agree that: 

(i)          a Foreign Loan Party s Foreign Parallel Liability is due and payable at the same time as, for the same amount of and in the same currency as its Foreign Corresponding Liabilities; 

(ii)          a Foreign Loan Party s Foreign Parallel Liability is decreased to the extent that its Foreign Corresponding Liabilities have been irrevocably paid or discharged and its Foreign Corresponding Liabilities are decreased to the extent that its Foreign Parallel Liability has been irrevocably paid or discharged; 

(iii)          a Foreign Loan Party s Foreign Parallel Liability is independent and separate from, and without prejudice to, its Foreign Corresponding Liabilities, and constitutes a single obligation of that Foreign Loan Party to the Collateral Agent (even though that Foreign Loan Party may owe more than one Foreign Corresponding Liability to the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents) and an independent and separate claim of the Collateral Agent to receive payment of that Foreign Parallel Liability (in its capacity as the independent and separate creditor of that Foreign Parallel Liability and not as a co-creditor in respect of the Foreign Corresponding Liabilities); and 

(iv)          for purposes of this Section 12.26, the Collateral Agent acts in its own name and not as agent, representative or trustee of the Secured Parties and accordingly  

146 

holds neither its claim resulting from a Foreign Parallel Liability nor any Lien securing a Foreign Parallel Liability in trust. 

Section 12.27          U.S. Parallel Liability  . 

(a)        Each U.S. Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent an amount equal to the aggregate amount of its U.S. Corresponding Liabilities (as these may exist from time to time). 

(b)        The parties to this Agreement agree that: 

(i)          a U.S. Loan Party s U.S. Parallel Liability is due and payable at the same time as, for the same amount of and in the same currency as its U.S. Corresponding Liabilities; 

(ii)         a U.S. Loan Party s U.S. Parallel Liability is decreased to the extent that its U.S. Corresponding Liabilities have been irrevocably paid or discharged and its U.S. Corresponding Liabilities are decreased to the extent that its U.S. Parallel Liability has been irrevocably paid or discharged; 

(iii)        a U.S. Loan Party s U.S. Parallel Liability is independent and separate from, and without prejudice to, its U.S. Corresponding Liabilities, and constitutes a single obligation of that U.S. Loan Party to the Collateral Agent (even though that U.S. Loan Party may owe more than one U.S. Corresponding Liability to the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents) and an independent and separate claim of the Collateral Agent to receive payment of that U.S. Parallel Liability (in its capacity as the independent and separate creditor of that U.S. Parallel Liability and not as a co-creditor in respect of the U.S. Corresponding Liabilities); and 

(iv)         for purposes of this Section 12.27, the Collateral Agent acts in its own name and not as agent, representative or trustee of the Secured Parties and accordingly holds neither its claim resulting from a U.S. Parallel Liability nor any Lien securing a U.S. Parallel Liability in trust. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

147 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS  :  

CHEROKEE INC., as U.S. Borrower  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

IRENE ACQUISITION COMPANY B.V., as Dutch Borrower  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Director  

By:  

/s/ N. Meijer and N.A. Bollen  

Name:  N. Meijer and N.A. Bollen  

Title:  Directors  

GUARANTORS  :  

SPELL C. LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

CHEROKEE BRANDS LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

THREE-SIXTY VISION LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

148 

HAWK 900 BRANDS LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

EDCA LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

FFS HOLDINGS, LLC  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

FLIP FLOP SHOPS FRANCHISE COMPANY, LLC  

By:  

FFS Holdings, LLC, its sole member  

By:  

Cherokee Inc., its sole member  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

HI-TEC SPORTS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS B.V.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Managing Director  

149 

HI-TEC SPORTS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Director  

HI-TEC INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS B.V.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Managing Director  

HI-TEC SPORTS UK LIMITED  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Director  

HI-TEC SPORTS CANADA, LTD.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Director  

HI-TEC NEDERLAND B.V.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  Henry Stupp  

Title:  Managing Director  

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  :  

CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer  

150 

LENDERS  :  

CERBERUS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, L.P., as a Lender  

By:  

Cerberus Levered Opportunities III GP, LLC  
					 
						 Its:  General Partner  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS NJ CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., as a Lender  

By:  

Cerberus NJ Credit Opportunities GP, LLC  
					 
						 Its:  General Partner  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS ASRS HOLDINGS LLC, as a Lender  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Vice President  

CERBERUS ICQ LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., as a Lender  

By:  

Cerberus ICQ Levered Opportunities GP, LLC  
					 
						 Its:  General Partner  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Senior Managing Director  

151 

CERBERUS KRS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., as a Lender  

By:  

Cerberus KRS Levered Opportunities GP, LLC  
					 
						 Its:  General Partner  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS PSERS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., as a Lender  

By:  

Cerberus PSERS Levered Opportunities GP, LLC  
					 
						 Its:  General Partner  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS FSBA HOLDINGS LLC, as a Lender  

By:  

/s/ Daniel E. Wolf  

Name:  Daniel E. Wolf  

Title:  Vice President  

152 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 7
 chke-20161029ex102f4989c.htm
 EX-10.2

chke_Ex10_2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE    ACT   ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES.  THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.  THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE EVIDENCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN QUALIFIED WITH THE COMMISSIONER OF CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA OR ANY OTHER STATE AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH SECURITIES OR THE PAYMENT OR RECEIPT OF ANY PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR SUCH SECURITIES PRIOR TO SUCH QUALIFICATION IS UNLAWFUL, UNLESS THE SALE OF SUCH SECURITIES IS EXEMPT FROM QUALIFICATION BY SECTION 25100, 25102 OR 25105 OF THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE OR SUCH PROVISIONS OF THE CORPORATIONS CODE OF ANY SUCH OTHER STATE.  THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON SUCH QUALIFICATION BEING OBTAINED, UNLESS THE SALE IS SO EXEMPT. 

The payments due under THIS NOTE OF ALL KINDS (WHETHER FOR PRINCIPAL, INTEREST, FEES OR OTHERWISE) AND THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED HEREBY are SUBORDINATED IN full AND AT ALL TIMES IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT AND EXERCISE OF REMEDIES to the obligations of the borrower (as defined below) under that certain Financing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Cherokee Inc., Irene Acquisition Company B.V., the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as Collateral Agent and Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as Administrative Agent (the    FINANCING AGREEMENT   ). 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

December 7, 2016 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED  , the undersigned,   Irene Acquisition Company B.V.  , a company organized under the laws of the Netherlands (the    Borrower   ), hereby promises to pay to Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989 (the    Lender   ), on the Maturity Date or the date of any earlier acceleration of the obligations of the Borrower hereunder, the principal sum of   Five million   UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($5,000,000) under this Promissory Note (as hereafter amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified, this    Note   ) and shall remain outstanding.  This Note evidences, among other things, the obligation of the Borrower to repay Loan made hereunder by the Lender to the Borrower. Capitalized terms used hereinafter and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in   Article VI  . 

I          LOAN. 

1.       Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Note, the Lender shall make a single loan of the principal amount stated above (the    Loan   ) to the Borrower on the date hereof. 

2.       The Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Lender to make or cause to be made, at or about the time of the making of the Loan under this Note or at the time of receipt of any payment of principal of this Note, an appropriate notation on the grid attached to this Note as Annex I, or the continuation   

1 

of such grid, or any other similar record, including computer records, reflecting the making of the Loan or (as the case may be) the receipt of such payment.   

3.       The outstanding amount of the Loan set forth on the grid attached to this Note as Annex I, or the continuation of such grid, or any other similar record, including computer records, maintained by the Lender with respect to the Loan shall, absent manifest error, be prima facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid to the Lender, but the failure to record, or any error in so recording (absent manifest error), any such amount on any such grid, continuation or other record shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to make payments of principal of and interest on this Note when due. 

II.        INTEREST. 

1.       The principal amount outstanding under the Loan advanced under this Note will bear interest at a fixed per annum rate equal to 9.50%, which interest shall accrue on the Loan commencing on, and including, the date hereof until the outstanding principal amount thereof, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be paid in full in cash in the manner specified in this Note;   provided,     however,   any principal amount still outstanding after the Maturity Date shall bear interest at a fixed per annum rate equal to 14.50%, which interest shall accrue on the Loan commencing on the date after the Maturity Date until the outstanding principal amount thereof, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be paid in full in cash in the manner specified in this Note.  

2.       Interest on the Loan advanced under this Note shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days.  In computing such interest, the date each Loan hereunder is issued shall be included and the date of payment thereof shall be excluded. 

3.       Accrued and unpaid interest on the Loan for each fiscal quarter shall be due and payable in cash three Business Days after the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower. 

III        MATURITY DATE. 

1.       The unpaid principal amount of the Loan outstanding under this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect thereto will be paid in full in cash on the date that is 180 days from the date hereof (the    Maturity Date   ), in accordance with the terms of this Note. 

iv.       Conditions. 

1.       This Note shall become effective on the first date on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied:  (a) each of the Borrower and the Lender shall have executed and delivered to the other party a counterpart of this Note and (b) the Borrower shall have paid any expenses due under Article IX. 

2 

v.        Payments. 

1.         Manner and Time of Payment.    All payments by the Borrower under this Note of principal, interest and all other amounts owed hereunder shall be made in same day funds and delivered to the Lender not later than 2 p.m. (California time) on the date such payment is due, with such payment to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated on   Exhibit A   hereto,   provided,     that   funds received by the Lender after 2 p.m. (California time) shall be deemed to have been paid by the Borrower on the next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such additional period shall be included in the computation of the payment of interest hereunder. 

2.          Usury  .  Under no circumstances will the rate of interest chargeable under this Note be in excess of the maximum amount permitted by applicable New York law.  If excess interest is charged and paid in error, then the excess amount will be promptly refunded. 

3.          No Voluntary Prepayments  .  This Note may not be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time prior to the Maturity Date, except from (a) any cash proceeds received by Cherokee Inc. pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option pursuant to the equity offering consummated in accordance with Cherokee Inc. s registration statement on Form S-3, dated June 23, 2015, as supplemented including by the prospectus supplement dated November 29, 2016 (together with any preliminary prospectus supplement used or filed for use in connection with such equity offering), in each case as filed with the SEC, in excess of 5% of the initial issuance size of such equity offering (without giving effect to such overallotment option exercise) to the extent such excess cash proceeds are made available to the Borrower and (b) any cash proceeds received by the Borrower as an adjustment to the purchase price of the Acquisition in connection with the Accounts Receivable pursuant to Section 5.2 and Schedule 8 of the Share Purchase Agreement. The Lender and the Borrower each hereby acknowledges that any cash proceeds received by Cherokee Inc. or the Borrower pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) in the preceding sentence shall be unrestricted cash of Cherokee Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

4.          Mandatory Prepayments  .  The Borrower shall apply on the last Business Day of each calendar month to the prepayment of the outstanding balance of the Note, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, the cash proceeds of any payments owing by customers in respect of the Accounts Receivable (whether from customers holding related accounts payable or from a third-party purchaser of the Accounts Receivable from the Borrower) received or made available to the Borrower. 

vi.         Definitions. 

For all purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below: 

1.           Accounts Receivable    means Book Debts, as such term is defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

3 

2.           Acquisition    means the purchase of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement. 

3.           Agents    means Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Financing Agreement, and its successors and assigns in such capacities. 

4.           Asset Purchase Agreement    means the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between the Sellers party thereto, Irene Acquisition Company B.V. and Batra Limited. 

5.           Business Day    means a day on which commercial banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York, New York. 

6.           Governmental Authority    means any nation or government, any foreign, federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

7.           Junior Indebtedness    means all principal, interest, fees, costs, enforcement expenses, and all other payment obligations (including attorneys  fees and disbursements) of any kind arising under this Note (and any amendments, restatements, supplements, or other modifications hereof), together with any and all refinancings, renewals, replacements or extensions of such obligations. 

8.           Material Adverse Effect    means (a) any event, circumstance, change or effect that individually or in the aggregate has or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect upon the assets, liabilities, cash flows, results of operations, business, property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment by the Borrower of any portion of the outstanding amount of the Loan or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of the Note or the rights and remedies, taken as a whole, of the Lender hereunder. 

9.           Person    means and includes natural persons, corporations, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability companies, limited liability partnerships, joint stock companies, joint ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations, whether or not legal entities, and government authorities. 

10.          Senior Obligations    means the Obligations, as such term is defined in the Financing Agreement. 

11.          Share Purchase Agreement    means that Share Purchase Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016, relating to the sale and purchase of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings B.V. by and among Sunningdale Corporation limited, Irene Acquisition Company B.V. and Cherokee Inc. 

4 

12.          Solvent    means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the fair value measured on a going concern basis of the assets of such Person (measured on a going concern basis) is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such Person, and (b) such Person is able to pay all liabilities of such Person as such liabilities mature and become absolute and payable in the ordinary course of business.  In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

vii.         Representations and warranties. 

1.          Organization and Qualification  .  The Borrower (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the power and authority to own its property and to transact the business in which it is engaged and proposes to engage, and (c) is duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and the failure to be so qualified would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

2.          Authority and Enforceability  .  The Borrower has full right and authority to issue this Note and to perform all of its obligations hereunder.  The issuance of this Note by the Borrower has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Borrower, and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and this Note does not, nor does the performance or observance by the Borrower, if any, of any of the matters and things herein or therein provided for, contravene or constitute a default under (a) any provision of law or any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Borrower, if any, (b) any provision of the organizational documents of the Borrower, or (c) any covenant, indenture or agreement of or affecting the Borrower or any of its property. 

3.          Use of Proceeds  .  The proceeds from this Note are intended to be and shall be used (i) to finance a portion of the purchase price of the Acquisition, (ii) to refinance existing indebtedness of the Borrower and (iii) to pay fees and expenses related the transactions set forth in clauses 3(i) and (ii).   

4.          Approvals  .  No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Note, except those obtained or made on or prior to the date hereof and such filings as may be required to be made with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any state or foreign blue sky or securities regulatory authority after the issuance of this Note by the Borrower. 

5.          Solvency  .  Immediately after giving effect to (a) the issuance of this Note, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan, and (c) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower is Solvent. 

5 

6.          Foreign Assets Control Regulations and Anti-Money Laundering  . 

(a)          OFAC.    The Borrower is not (i) a Person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Party and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) a Person who engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such person in any manner violative of Section 2, or (iii) a Person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or subject to the limitations or prohibitions under any other U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control regulation or executive order. 

(b)          Patriot Act  .  The Borrower is in compliance, in all material respects, with the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).  No part of the proceeds of this Note will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

viii.     Events of Default; Remedies. 

If any of the following conditions or events (each, an    Event of Default   ) shall occur: 

1.        The Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), all or any portion of the principal of the Loan, any interest on the Loan or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Note; or 

2.        Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower in connection with this Note or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to the Lender in connection herewith shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or  Material Adverse Effect  in the text thereof) when made or deemed made; or 

3.        The Borrower shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of $900,000, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace or cure period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness; or any such indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof; or 

6 

4.        Any proceeding shall be instituted against the Borrower seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 45 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or 

5.        Any material provision of this Note shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Borrower, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party hereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Borrower or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or Borrower shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created hereunder: 

THEN,   (A)   upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default described in clause (4) above, the unpaid principal amount of and accrued interest on the Loan and all other obligations hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, and any commitment or obligation of the Lender to make any Loan or extend additional credit to Borrower hereunder shall thereupon terminate; and (B) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default, the Lender may, by written notice (which may be delivered by facsimile or overnight courier) to Borrower, declare (i) this Note and any commitment or obligation of the Lender to make any Loan or extend additional credit to Borrower hereunder to be terminated, and/or (ii) all or any portion of (1) the unpaid principal amount of and accrued interest on the Loan and (2) all other obligations of the Borrower under this Note to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

Ix.       Expense reimbursement; indemnification. 

1.          Expense Reimbursement  .  The Borrower hereby agrees to reimburse the Lender, on demand, whether or not all or any of the transactions contemplated by this Note are ultimately consummated, for all documented out-of-pocket fees of counsel to the Lender actually and reasonably incurred by the Lender in connection with (a) the preparation and negotiation of this Note and (b) the enforcement of any obligations under this Note.  

2.          Indemnification  .  The Borrower hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Lender and its respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and affiliates (collectively, the      Indemnitees     ), from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities (as hereinafter defined).  As used herein,      Indemnified Liabilities      means, collectively, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,   

7 

damages, penalties, expenses or claims arising out of (a) any administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened by any Person, whether or not any such Indemnitee shall be designated as a party or a potential party thereto, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note, or (b) any enforcement of the Note;   provided  ,    however  ,    that   the Borrower shall not in any event be liable to any Indemnitee for any Indemnified Liabilities caused by such Indemnitee s  gross negligence or willful misconduct.  To the extent that the undertakings to defend, indemnify, pay and hold harmless the Indemnitees set forth in this paragraph may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any law or public policy, the Borrower shall contribute the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or any of them.  Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, the agreements in this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Note and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other obligations of the Borrower under this Note.  All amounts due under this paragraph shall be payable on written demand by the Lender therefor.  Any such amounts not paid when due shall, if due prior to the maturity of the Loan, be charged to the Borrower and shall thereafter shall be added to the principal amount of the Loan hereunder and shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Loan hereunder.   

X.         SUBORDINATION  . 

1.          Agreement to Subordinate  .  Each of (i) the Borrower, and (ii) the Lender, by its acceptance of this Note, agrees that the Junior Indebtedness is and shall be subordinate, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Senior Obligations including the termination of all commitments to advance further funds under the Financing Agreement (hereinafter referred to as    Paid in Full    or    Payment in Full   ).   

2          Restrictions on Payment of the Junior Indebtedness  .   

(a)        Unless and until the Senior Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, no payment of any kind or character may be made to or received by the Lender in respect of the Junior Indebtedness, whether in cash or other property and including by way of set-off, in respect of the Junior Indebtedness other than pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 of   Article V   herein;   provided  ,    however  , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of the making of any such payment and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default (as defined in the Financing Agreement) shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of such payment, the Lender may receive, and the Borrower may pay, accrued but unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Note quarterly in arrears pursuant to the terms of this Note.  The failure of the Borrower to make a payment under this Note by reason of any provision in this Section 2(a) shall not result in an Event of Default under this Note;   provided  ,    however  , that Borrower cures and corrects such failure as soon as permitted under this Section 2(a). 

(b)        In the event of any insolvency proceeding involving the Borrower or any of its affiliates, (a) all Senior Obligations shall first be indefeasibly Paid in Full before any payment or distribution, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to the Borrower or any of its affiliates on account of any Junior Indebtedness   

8 

and (b) any payment or distribution, whether in cash, securities or other property which would otherwise, but for the terms hereof, be payable or deliverable in respect of the Junior Indebtedness shall be paid or delivered directly to Agents until all Senior Obligations are Paid in Full. 

3.          Restrictions on Enforcement Actions  . Until the Senior Obligations are Paid in Full, the Lender shall not, without the prior written consent of the Agents, take any Enforcement Action with respect to the Junior Indebtedness.  For the purposes hereof,    Enforcement Action    means (a) to take from or for the account of the Borrower or any other person, by set-off or in any other manner, the whole or any part of any moneys which may now or hereafter be owing by the Borrower with respect to the Junior Indebtedness, (b) to sue for payment of, or to initiate or participate with others in any suit, action or proceeding against the Borrower or any other person to (i) enforce payment of or to collect the whole or any part of the Junior Indebtedness or (ii) commence judicial enforcement of any of the rights and remedies under this Note or applicable law with respect to the Junior Indebtedness, (c) to accelerate the Junior Indebtedness, (d) to exercise any put option or to cause the Borrower to honor any redemption or mandatory prepayment obligation under this Note, (e) to take any action under the provisions of any state or federal law, including, without limitation, the Uniform Commercial Code, or under any contract or agreement, to enforce, foreclose upon, take possession of or sell any property or assets of the Borrower or any other person, (f) to take any action to contest or challenge (or assist or support any other person in contesting or challenging), directly or indirectly, whether or not in any proceeding (including in any insolvency proceeding), (i) the validity, priority, enforceability, or perfection of the liens of the holders of any Senior Obligations (or any agent therefor) in any collateral, (ii) the validity, priority, enforceability or allowance of any of the claims of any holder of Senior Obligations (or any agent therefor) against the Borrower or its affiliates or (iii) the validity or enforceability of this Note or any of the provisions hereof or (g) to obtain a lien or otherwise receive the benefit of any lien on any assets of the Borrower or any other person that becomes a borrower or guarantor under the Financing Agreement or a guarantor of the Senior Obligations.  Until the Senior Obligations have been indefeasibly Paid in Full, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, Lender shall not, without the prior written consent of the Agents, agree to any amendment, modification or supplement to the Note. 

4.          Turnover  . In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions hereof, any payment is made on account of the Junior Indebtedness at a time when payment is not permitted by the terms of hereof, such payment shall be held by the Lender in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith over and delivered to, the Agents for application to the Senior Obligations in accordance with the Financing Agreement. 

5.          Subordination Rights Not Impaired  .  No right of any present or future holders of any Senior Obligations to enforce subordination as herein provided shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Borrower or by any act or failure to act in good faith by any such holder, or by any noncompliance by the Borrower with the terms and provisions of this Note.  The holders of the Senior Obligations may at any time or from time to time and in their absolute discretion, change the manner, place or terms of payment of, change or extend the time of payment of, or renew or alter, any Senior Obligations, or amend, modify or supplement any agreement or instrument governing or evidencing such Senior Obligations or any other document   

9 

referred to therein, or exercise or refrain from exercising any other of their rights under the Senior Obligations including, without limitation, the waiver of default thereunder and the release of any collateral securing such Senior Obligations, all without notice to or consent from the Lender.  This Note shall continue to be effective or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Senior Obligations is rescinded, avoided or declared void as against a trustee or must otherwise be returned by any holder of Senior Obligations (or any agent therefor) upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 

6.          Third Party Beneficiaries  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Note to the contrary, the Agents and the other holders of Senior Obligations shall be third party beneficiaries of the provisions of this   Article X  , and no amendment or modification to the provisions of this Note may directly or indirectly amend or otherwise modify the provisions of this   Article X   without the prior written consent of the Agent. 

7.          Costs and Attorneys  Fees  . In the event it becomes necessary for the Agents or any holder of Senior Obligations to commence or become a party to any proceeding or action to enforce the provisions of this   Article X  , the court or body before which the same shall be tried shall award to such agent or lender all reasonable and documented costs and expenses thereof, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees, the usual and customary and lawfully recoverable court costs, and all other reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith. 

XI.        MISCELLANEOUS  . 

1.        No delay or omission on the part of the Lender hereof in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other rights of the Lender or, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar or waiver of the same or any other right on any further occasion. 

2.        Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Note, all notices and other communications made or required to be given pursuant to this Note shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, mailed by United States registered or certified first class mail, postage prepaid, sent by overnight courier, or sent by electronic mail, telecopy, facsimile or telex (with confirmation of receipt thereof), addressed to such party at the notice address beneath its signature hereto or at such other address for notice as such party shall last have furnished in writing to the Person giving the notice.  

3.        This Note constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and is intended to supersede all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements with respect thereto.   

4.        In the event that any provision of this Note is held to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason, unless such provision is narrowed by judicial construction, this Note shall, as to such jurisdiction, be construed as if such invalid, prohibited or unenforceable provision had been more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable.  If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Note is held to be invalid,   

10 

prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portion of such provision or the other provisions of this Note and without affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision or the other provisions of this Note in any other jurisdiction. 

5.        This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the Lender and the Borrower,   provided that   neither party may assign or transfer any of its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.  

6.        Neither this Note nor any provision hereof may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Lender.  No waiver of any provision of this Note or  consent to any departure by Borrower herefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by the preceding sentence, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  

7.        The Borrower and every endorser and guarantor of this Note or the obligation represented hereby waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note, and assent to any extension or postponement of the time of payment or any other indulgence, to any substitution, exchange or release of collateral and to the addition or release of any other party or person primarily or secondarily liable.  The Borrower hereby waives all suretyship defenses generally.  No provision of this Note shall impair the obligations of the Borrower, which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the place, at the respective times, and in the currency herein prescribed. The Borrower acknowledges it has been advised by counsel of its choice with respect to the effect of the foregoing waivers and this Note and the transactions evidenced hereby. 

8.        This Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Note.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or other electronic signature were the original thereof. 

9.          ALL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT AGAINST ANY PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER, SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE, COUNTY AND CITY OF NEW YORK.  BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS NOTE, EACH PARTY, FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PROPERTIES, IRREVOCABLY (I) ACCEPTS GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS; (II) WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS; (III) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO SUCH PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS  

11 

NOTE; (IV) AGREES THAT, SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (III) ABOVE IS SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL   J  URISDICTION OVER SUCH PARTY IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT; AND (V) AGREES THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH RELATING TO JURISDICTION AND VENUE SHALL BE BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1402 OR OTHERWISE. 

10.          EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS NOTE HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LOAN TRANSACTION OR THE LENDER/BORROWER RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED.    The scope of this waiver is intended to be all-encompassing of any and all disputes that may be filed in any court and that relate to the subject matter of this transaction, including contract claims, tort claims, breach of duty claims and all other common law and statutory claims.  Each party hereto acknowledges that this waiver is a material inducement to enter into a business relationship, that each has already relied on this waiver in entering into this Note, and that each will continue to rely on this waiver in their related future dealings.  Each party hereto further warrants and represents that it has reviewed this waiver with its legal counsel and that it knowingly and voluntarily waives its jury trial rights following consultation with legal counsel.    THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS PARAGRAPH AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS NOTE OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE LOAN MADE HEREUNDER.    In the event of litigation, this Note may be filed as a written consent to a trial by the court. 

11.          THIS NOTE AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE APPLICATION OF ANOTHER LAW. 

*      *      *      *      * 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , each of the undersigned has caused this Note to be duly executed and duly delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

Irene Acquisition Company B.V.  ,  
					 
						 as Borrower  

By:  

/s/ N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

Name:  

N.A. Bollen and N. Meijer  

Title:  

Directors  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Name:  

Henry Stupp  

Title:  

Director  

Accepted and agreed: 

Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989  , 

as Lender  

By  :_/s/_  Jess M. Ravich  ________________________________ 

Name: Jess M. Ravich 

Title:  Trustee 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 chke-20161029ex311022401.htm
 EX-31.1

chke_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Henry Stupp, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cherokee Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Henry Stupp  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 chke-20161029ex312258d1f.htm
 EX-31.2

chke_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jason Boling, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cherokee Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Jason Boling  

Jason Boling  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 chke-20161029ex321cd042c.htm
 EX-32.1

chke_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Cherokee Inc. (the    Company   ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i)  the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended October 29, 2016 (the    Report   ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Henry Stupp  

Henry Stupp  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 chke-20161029ex3225b2052.htm
 EX-32.2

chke_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Cherokee Inc. (the    Company   ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended October 29, 2016 (the    Report   ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Jason Boling  

Jason Boling  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 chke-20161029.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 chke-20161029.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 chke-20161029_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 chke-20161029_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 chke-20161029_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 chke-20161029_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

