<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-K_edgar_data_1385157_0001047469-16-016719_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30119257</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>489964</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>862048</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8324533</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>13454436</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6046823</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016719.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115141518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016719
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TE Connectivity Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001385157
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				980518048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			V8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33260
		FILM NUMBER:		161999125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RHEINSTRASSE 20
		CITY:			CH-8200 SCHAFFHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		41 (0)52 633 6661

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RHEINSTRASSE 20
		CITY:			CH-8200 SCHAFFHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tyco Electronics Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016719.txt : 20161115

10-K
 1
 a2230240z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.   

Table of Contents    

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       Washington, D.C. 20549     

   FORM 10-K     

001-33260    
(Commission File Number)   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Rheinstrasse 20, CH-8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland    
(Address of principal executive offices)   

   +41 (0)52 633 66 61    
(Registrant's telephone number)   

   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title of each class    
     
   Name of each exchange on which registered    

Common Shares, Par Value CHF 0.57  
     
  New York Stock Exchange  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   

           Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes        No       

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes        No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.       

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:   

Large accelerated filer      
     
  Accelerated filer      
     
  Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes        No       

           The aggregate market value of the registrant's common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $21.7 billion as of March 25, 2016, the
last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Directors and executive officers of the registrant are considered affiliates for purposes of this calculation but
should not necessarily be deemed affiliates for any other purpose.   

           The
number of common shares outstanding as of November 10, 2016 was 355,343,021.   

              DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

Portions
of the registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the registrant's 2017 annual general meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into
Part III of this Form 10-K.   

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.   TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Page    

Part I    

Item 1.   
     
       Business   

1   

Item 1A.   
     
       Risk Factors   

7   

Item 2.   
     
       Properties   

20   

Item 3.   
     
       Legal Proceedings   

20   

Part II    

Item 5.   
     
       Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

21   

Item 6.   
     
       Selected Financial Data   

24   

Item 7.   
     
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

26   

Item 7A.   
     
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

49   

Item 8.   
     
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

50   

Item 9A.   
     
       Controls and Procedures   

51   

Part III    

Item 10.   
     
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

52   

Item 11.   
     
       Executive Compensation   

52   

Item 12.   
     
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

52   

Item 13.   
     
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

54   

Item 14.   
     
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

54   

Part IV    

Item 15.   
     
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

55   

Signatures   

59   

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements   

61   

i  

Table of Contents    

SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS            

          We have made forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, including in the sections entitled "Business," "Risk Factors," "Legal
Proceedings," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," that are based on our
management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include, among others, the information concerning our possible or assumed
future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, potential growth opportunities, potential operating performance improvements, acquisitions, divestitures, the
effects of competition, and the effects of future legislation or regulations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as the words "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "may," "should," or the negative of these terms or
similar expressions.   

          Forward-looking
statements involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not
put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we file this report except as required by law.   

The
risk factors discussed in "Risk Factors" and other risks identified in this Annual Report could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business.   

  ii  

Table of Contents    

PART I            

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS            

General     

          TE Connectivity Ltd. ("TE Connectivity" or the "Company," which may be referred to as "we," "us," or "our") is a global technology
leader. We design and manufacture connectivity and sensor solutions that are essential in today's increasingly connected world. We help our customers solve the need for intelligent, efficient, and
high-performing products and solutions.   

          We
became an independent, publicly traded company in 2007; however, through our predecessor companies, we trace our foundations in the connectivity business back to 1941. We are
organized under the laws of Switzerland. The rights of holders of our shares are governed by Swiss law, our Swiss articles of association, and our Swiss organizational regulations.   

          We
have a 52 or 53-week fiscal year that ends on the last Friday of September. Fiscal 2016 was a 53 week year and ended on September 30, 2016. Fiscal 2015 and 2014 were
52 weeks in length and ended on September 25, 2015 and September 26, 2014, respectively.   

Segments     

          We operate through the following reportable segments: Transportation Solutions, Industrial Solutions, and Communications Solutions. We believe
our three segments serve a combined market of approximately $170 billion.   

          Our
net sales by segment as a percentage of our total net sales were as follows:   

Below
is a description of our reportable segments and the primary products, markets, and competitors of each segment. See Notes 1 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding our segments.   

Transportation Solutions      

The Transportation Solutions segment is a leader in connectivity and sensor technologies. The primary products sold by the Transportation
Solutions segment include terminals and connector systems and components; sensors; relays; application tooling; and wire and heat shrink tubing. The Transportation Solutions segment's products, which
must withstand harsh conditions, are used in the following end markets:   

Automotive (75% of segment's net sales).     We are one of the leading
providers of advanced automobile connectivity solutions. The automotive industry uses our products in automotive technologies for body and chassis systems, convenience applications, driver
information, infotainment solutions, miniaturization solutions, motor and powertrain applications, and safety and security systems. Hybrid and electronic mobility solutions include in-vehicle
technologies, battery technologies, and charging solutions.    
 
  1  

Table of Contents   

Commercial transportation (13% of segment's net sales).     We deliver reliable
connectivity products designed to withstand harsh environmental conditions for on- and off-highway vehicles and recreational transportation, including construction, agriculture, buses, and other
vehicles.     
             Sensors (12% of segment's net sales).     We offer a portfolio of intelligent,
efficient, and high-performing sensor solutions that are used by customers across multiple industries, including automotive, industrial equipment, commercial transportation, medical solutions,
aerospace and defense, and consumer applications.    

The
Transportation Solutions segment's major competitors include Yazaki, Delphi, Sumitomo, Sensata, Honeywell, Molex, and Amphenol.   

Industrial Solutions      

The Industrial Solutions segment is a leading supplier of products that connect and distribute power, data, and signals. The primary products
sold by the Industrial Solutions segment include terminals and connector systems and components; heat shrink tubing; relays; and wire and cable. The Industrial Solutions segment's products are used in
the following markets:   

Industrial equipment (44% of segment's net sales).     Our products are used in
factory automation and process control systems such as industrial controls, robotics, human machine interface, industrial communication, and power distribution. The medical industry uses our products
in imaging, diagnostic, therapeutic, surgical, tubing, and minimally invasive interventional applications. Our intelligent building products are used to connect lighting, HVAC, elevators/escalators,
and security. Our rail products are used in high-speed trains, metros, light rail vehicles, locomotives, and signaling switching equipment. Also, our products are used by the solar and lighting
industry.     
             Aerospace, defense, oil, and gas (34% of segment's net sales).     We provide
components and solutions for the commercial aerospace industry from the initial stages of aircraft design to aftermarket support. Our defense products include ruggedized electronic interconnects
serving military aviation, marine, and ground vehicles including electronic warfare and space systems. Our oil and gas products include cables and electronics used for harsh subsea environments in the
offshore oil and gas and civil marine industries and in shipboard, subsea, and sonar applications.     
             Energy (22% of segment's net sales).     Our products are used by
OEMs and utility companies in the electrical power industry and include a wide range of solutions for the electrical power generation, transmission, distribution, and industrial markets.    

The
Industrial Solutions segment competes primarily against Amphenol, Esterline, Molex, Belden, Phoenix Contact, Hubbell, Carlisle Companies, and Integer Holdings.   

Communications Solutions      

The Communications Solutions segment is a leading supplier of electronic components for the data and devices and appliances markets. We are also
a leader in developing, manufacturing, installing, and maintaining some of the world's most advanced subsea fiber optic communications systems. The primary products sold by the Communications
Solutions segment include terminals and connector systems and components; undersea telecommunication systems; relays; heat shrink tubing; and antennas. The Communications Solutions segment's products
are used in the following markets:   

Data and devices (40% of segment's net sales).     We deliver products and
solutions that are used in a variety of equipment architectures within the networking equipment, data center equipment, and wireless infrastructure industries. Additionally, we deliver a range of
connectivity solutions    
 
  2  

Table of Contents   

for
the Internet of Things, smart phones, tablet computers, notebooks, and virtual reality applications to help our customers meet their current challenges and future innovations.    

Subsea communications (35% of segment's net sales).     Our products are used
in undersea fiber optic telecommunication systems. With vertically integrated undersea communications systems and services, we support the telecommunications and oil and gas industries and other
customers seeking marine services.     
             Appliances (25% of segment's net sales).     We provide solutions to meet the
daily demands of home appliances. Our products are used in many household appliances, including washers, dryers, refrigerators, air conditioners, dishwashers, cooking appliances, water heaters, and
microwaves. Our expansive range of standard products is supplemented by an array of custom-designed solutions.    

The
Communications Solutions segment's major competitors include Amphenol, Molex, FCI Electronics, JST, and Korea Electric Terminal (KET). Also, the subsea communications business
competes against Nokia (Alcatel-Lucent Submarine Networks) and NEC.   

Customers     

          As an industry leader, we have established close working relationships with many of our customers. These relationships allow us to better
anticipate and respond to customer needs when designing new products and new technical solutions. By working with our customers in developing new products and technologies, we believe we are able to
identify and act on trends and leverage knowledge about next-generation technology across our products.   

          Our
approach to our customers is driven by our dedication to further develop our product families and ensure that we are globally positioned to best provide our customers with sales and
engineering support. We believe that as electronic component technologies continue to proliferate, our broad product portfolio and engineering capability give us a potential competitive advantage when
addressing the needs of our global customers.   

          We
manufacture and sell a broad portfolio of products to customers in various industries. Our customers include many of the leaders in their respective industries, and our relationships
with them typically date back many years. We believe that this diversified customer base provides us an opportunity to leverage our skills and experience across markets and reduce our exposure to
individual end markets, thereby reducing the variability of our financial performance. Additionally, we believe that the diversity of our customer base reduces the level of cyclicality in our results
and distinguishes us from our competitors.   

          There
is no single customer that accounted for a significant amount of our net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015, or 2014.   

  3  

Table of Contents   

Sales and Distribution     

          We maintain a strong local presence in each of the geographic regions in which we operate. Our net sales by geographic region (1) 
as a percentage of our total net sales were as follows:   

(1)    Net
sales to external customers are attributed to individual countries based on the legal entity that records the sale.
      (2)    The
Americas region includes our subsea communications business.    

See
Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional geographic information relating to our business.   

          We
sell our products into approximately 150 countries primarily through direct selling efforts to manufacturers. We also sell some of our products indirectly via third-party
distributors. In fiscal 2016, our direct sales represented 80% of total net sales.   

          We
maintain distribution centers around the world. Our global coverage positions us near our customers' locations and allows us to assist them in consolidating their supply base and
lowering their production costs. We believe our balanced sales distribution lowers our exposure to any particular geography and improves our financial profile.   

          Products
are generally delivered to distribution centers by our manufacturing facilities and then subsequently delivered to the customer. In some instances, however, product is delivered
directly from our manufacturing facility to the customer. We contract with a wide range of transport providers to deliver our products via road, rail, sea, and air.   

Seasonality and Backlog     

          We experience a slight seasonal pattern to our business. Overall, the third and fourth fiscal quarters are typically the strongest quarters of
our fiscal year, whereas the first fiscal quarter is negatively affected by winter holidays and the second fiscal quarter may be affected by adverse winter weather conditions in some of our markets.   

          Certain
of our end markets experience some seasonality. Our sales into the automotive market are dependent upon global automotive production, and seasonal declines in European production
may negatively impact net sales in the fourth fiscal quarter. Also, our sales into the energy market typically increase in the third and fourth fiscal quarters as customer activity increases.   

  4  

Table of Contents   

Customer
orders typically fluctuate from quarter to quarter based upon business conditions and cancellation of unfilled orders prior to shipment of goods. Backlog by reportable segment
was as follows:   

(1)    Includes
our subsea communications business' backlog of $1,047 million and $995 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

We
expect that the majority of our backlog at fiscal year end 2016 will be filled during fiscal 2017.   

Competition     

          The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and we compete with thousands of companies that range from large multinational
corporations to local manufacturers. Competition is generally on the basis of breadth of product offering, product innovation, price, quality, delivery, and service. Our markets have generally been
growing but with downward pressure on prices.   

Raw Materials     

          We use a wide variety of raw materials in the manufacture of our products. The principal raw materials that we use include plastic resins for
molding; precious metals such as gold and silver for plating; and other metals such as copper, aluminum, brass, and steel for manufacturing cable, contacts, and other parts that are used for cable and
component bodies and inserts. Many of these raw
materials are produced in a limited number of countries around the world or are only available from a limited number of suppliers. The prices of these materials are driven by global supply and demand.   

Research and Development     

          We are engaged in both internal and external research and development in an effort to introduce new products to enhance the effectiveness, ease
of use, safety, and reliability of our existing products, and to expand the applications for which the uses of our products are appropriate. We continually evaluate developing technologies in areas
where we may have technological or marketing expertise for possible investment or acquisition.   

          Our
research and development expense was as follows:   

Our
capital spending and investment in product and process engineering and development enable us to consistently provide innovative, high-quality products with efficient manufacturing
methods. In fiscal 2016, we derived approximately 20% of our net sales from new products, including product extensions, introduced within the previous three fiscal years.   

  5  

Table of Contents    

Intellectual Property     

          Patents and other proprietary rights are important to our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, manufacturing know-how, continuing
technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to maintain and improve our competitive position. We review third-party proprietary rights, including patents and patent applications, as
available, in an effort to develop an effective intellectual property strategy, avoid infringement of third-party proprietary rights, identify licensing opportunities, and monitor the intellectual
property claims of others.   

          We
own a large portfolio of patents that relate principally to electrical, optical, and electronic products. We also own a portfolio of trademarks and are a licensee of various patents
and trademarks. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent
protection is obtained. Trademark rights
may potentially extend for longer periods of time and are dependent upon national laws and use of the trademarks.   

          While
we consider our patents and trademarks to be valued assets, we do not believe that our competitive position or our operations are dependent upon or would be materially impacted by
any single patent or group of related patents.   

          TE
Connectivity and TE Connectivity (logo) are trademarks.   2016 TE Connectivity Ltd. All Rights Reserved.   

Management Team and Employees     

          We believe our management team has the experience necessary to effectively execute our strategy and advance our product and technology
leadership. Our chief executive officer, president, and segment leaders average over 25 years of industry experience. They are supported by an experienced and talented management team who is
dedicated to maintaining and expanding our position as a global leader in the industry.   

          Our
strong employee base, along with their commitment to uncompromising values, provides the foundation of our company's success. We continue to emphasize employee development and
training, and we embrace diversity and inclusion.   

          We
have employees located throughout the world. As of fiscal year end 2016, we employed approximately 75,000 people worldwide, of whom 23,000 were in the Americas region, 28,000 were in
the EMEA region, and 24,000 were in the Asia Pacific region. Of our total employees, approximately 46,000 were employed in manufacturing.   

Government Regulation and Supervision     

          The import and export of products are subject to regulation by the United States ("U.S.") and other countries. A small portion of our products,
including defense-related products, may require governmental import and export licenses, whose issuance may be influenced by geopolitical and
other events. We have a trade compliance organization and other systems in place to apply for licenses and otherwise comply with such regulations. Any failure to maintain compliance with domestic and
foreign trade regulation could limit our ability to import and export raw materials and finished goods into or from the relevant jurisdiction.   

Environmental     

          Our operations are subject to numerous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those regulating the discharge of
materials into the environment, greenhouse gas emissions, hazardous materials in products, and chemical usage. We are committed to complying with these laws   

  6  

Table of Contents   

  and
to the protection of our employees and the environment. We maintain a global environmental, health, and safety program that includes appropriate policies and standards; staff dedicated to
environmental, health, and safety issues; periodic compliance auditing; training; and other measures. We also have a program for compliance with the European Union ("EU") Restriction of Hazardous
Substances and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directives, the China Restriction of Hazardous Substances law, the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals
("REACH") Regulation, and similar laws.   

          Compliance
with these laws has increased our costs of doing business in a variety of ways and may continue to do so in the future. For example, laws regarding product content and
chemical registration require extensive and costly data collection, management, and reporting, and laws regulating greenhouse gas emissions are likely to increase our costs for energy and certain
materials and products. We also have projects underway at a number of current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination resulting from past
operations. Based upon our experience, current information, and applicable laws, we believe that it is probable that we will incur remedial costs in the range of $17 million to
$42 million, and that the best estimate within this range is $20 million. We do not anticipate any material capital expenditures during fiscal 2017 for environmental control facilities
or other costs of compliance with laws or regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions.   

Available Information     

          All periodic and current reports, registration filings, and other filings that we are required to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC"), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") are available free of charge through our internet website at     www.te.com   . Such documents are available as soon as
reasonably practicable after electronic filing or furnishing of the material with the SEC. The
information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS            

             You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our securities. The risks described below
are not the only ones facing us. Our business also is subject to general risks that affect many other companies. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial
may also impair our business operations, financial condition, and liquidity.     

Risks Relating to the Macroeconomic Environment and Our Global Presence     

Conditions in global or regional economies, capital and money markets, and banking systems, and cyclical
industry demand may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.      

          Our business and operating results have been and will continue to be affected by economic conditions regionally or globally, including the cost
and availability of consumer and business credit, end demand from consumer and industrial markets, and concerns as to sovereign debt levels including credit rating downgrades and defaults on sovereign
debt and significant bank failures or defaults, any of which could cause our customers to experience deterioration of their businesses, cash
flow, and ability to obtain financing. As a result, existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a
timely fashion or in full. Further, our vendors may experience similar problems, which may impact their ability to fulfill our orders or meet agreed service and quality levels. If regional or global
economic conditions deteriorate, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Also,   

  7  

Table of Contents   

  deterioration
in economic conditions could trigger the recognition of impairment charges for our goodwill or other long-lived assets. Impairment charges, if any, may be material to our results of
operations and financial position.   

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results.      

          A significant portion of our business is conducted outside the U.S., and changes in the relative values of currencies may have a significant
effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.   

          We
are exposed to the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our costs and revenue. Approximately 54% of our net sales for fiscal 2016 were invoiced in currencies other
than the U.S. dollar, and we expect non-U.S. dollar revenue to represent a significant and likely increased portion of our future net revenue. We have elected not to hedge this foreign currency
exposure. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of the countries where we sell our products, such as the euro or Asian currencies, our U.S. dollar reported revenue
and income will decrease.   

          We
manage certain cash, intercompany, and other balance sheet currency exposures in part by entering into financial derivative contracts. In addition to the risk of non-performance by
the counterparty to these contracts, our efforts to manage these risks might not be successful.   

We could suffer significant business interruptions.      

          Our operations and those of our suppliers and customers, and the supply chains that support their operations, may be vulnerable to interruption
by natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, or floods; or other disasters such as fires, explosions, acts of terrorism or war, disease, or failures of management information or other
systems due to internal or external causes. If a business interruption occurs and we are unsuccessful in our continuing efforts to minimize the impact of these events, our business, results of
operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.   

We could be adversely affected by a decline in the market value of our pension plans' investment portfolios
or a reduction in returns on plan assets.      

          Concerns about deterioration in the global economy, together with concerns about credit, inflation, or deflation, have caused and could continue
to cause significant volatility in the price of all securities, including fixed income and equity securities, which has reduced and could further reduce the value of our pension plans' investment
portfolios. In addition, the expected returns on plan assets may not be achieved. A decrease in the value of our pension plans' investment portfolios or a reduction in returns on plan assets could
have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.   

Disruption in credit markets and volatility in equity markets may affect our ability to access sufficient
funding.      

          The global equity markets have been volatile and at times credit markets have been disrupted, which has reduced the availability of investment
capital and credit. Recent downgrades of sovereign debt credit ratings have similarly affected the availability and cost of capital. As a result, we may be unable to access adequate funding to operate
and grow our business. Our inability to access adequate funding or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to reconsider certain projects and capital expenditures. The extent of any
impact will depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, the duration of tight credit conditions and volatile equity markets, our credit ratings and credit capacity, the cost of
financing, and other general economic and business conditions.   

  8  

Table of Contents   

We are subject to global risks of political, economic, and military instability.      

Our workforce; manufacturing, research, administrative, and sales facilities; markets; customers; and suppliers are located throughout the
world. As a result, we are exposed to risks that could negatively affect sales or profitability, including:  

tariffs, trade barriers, and trade disputes;   
            regulations related to customs and import/export matters;   
            variations in lengths of payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable;   
            tax law and regulatory changes in the U.S. and EU among other jurisdictions, including tax law and regulatory changes that may be effected as a
result of tax policy recommendations from quasi-governmental organizations, such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"), examinations by taxing authorities, variations
in tax laws from country to country, changes to the terms of income tax treaties, and difficulties in the tax-efficient repatriation of cash generated or held in a number of jurisdictions;    
            employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which we
currently operate;   
            difficulties protecting intellectual property;   
            instability in economic or political conditions, including sovereign debt levels, Eurozone uncertainty, inflation, recession, actual or
anticipated military or political conflicts, and any impact as a result of the proposed exit of the United Kingdom from the EU; and   
            the impact of each of the foregoing on our outsourcing and procurement arrangements.    

We
have sizeable operations in China, including 15 manufacturing sites. In addition, approximately 17% of our net sales in fiscal 2016 were made to customers in China. Economic
conditions in China have been and may continue to be volatile and uncertain. In addition, the legal system in China is still developing and subject to change. Accordingly, our operations and orders
for products in China could be adversely affected by changes to market conditions or interpretation of Chinese law.   

          In
addition, any downgrade by rating agencies of long-term U.S. sovereign debt or downgrades or defaults of sovereign debt of other nations may negatively affect global financial markets
and economic conditions, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and liquidity.   

Risks Relating to the Industry in Which We Operate     

We are dependent on the automotive and other industries.      

          We are dependent on end market dynamics to sell our products, and our operating results can be adversely affected by cyclical and reduced demand
in these markets. Periodic downturns in our customers' industries can significantly reduce demand for certain of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial position, and cash flows.   

          Approximately
40% of our net sales for fiscal 2016 were to customers in the automotive industry. The automotive industry is dominated by large manufacturers that can exert significant
price pressure on their suppliers. Additionally, the automotive industry has historically experienced significant downturns during periods of deteriorating global or regional economic or credit
conditions. As a supplier of automotive electronics products, our sales of these products and our profitability have been and could continue to be negatively affected by significant declines in global
or regional economic and credit conditions and changes in the operations, products, business models, part-sourcing requirements, financial condition, and market share of automotive manufacturers, as
well as potential consolidations among automotive manufacturers.   

  9  

Table of Contents   

          During
fiscal 2016, approximately 12% of our net sales were to customers in the industrial equipment end market, 9% of our net sales were to customers in the aerospace, defense, oil, and
gas end market, and 8% of our net sales were to customers in the data and devices end market. Demand for industrial equipment is dependent upon economic conditions, including customer investment in
intelligent buildings, factory automation, and process control systems, as well as market conditions in the medical, rail transportation, solar and lighting, and other major industrial markets we
serve. The aerospace and defense industry has undergone significant fluctuations in demand, depending on worldwide economic and political conditions. Demand in the oil and gas market is impacted by
oil price volatility. The data and devices industry can experience variability in demand depending on the underlying business and consumer demand for computer and consumer electronics products.   

We encounter competition in substantially all areas of the electronic components industry.      

          We operate in highly competitive markets for electronic components, and expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the
future. Our overall competitive position
depends on a number of factors including the price, quality, and performance of our products; the level of customer service; the development of new technology; our ability to participate in emerging
markets; and customers' expectations relating to socially responsible operations. The competition we experience across product lines from other companies ranges in size from large, diversified
manufacturers to small, highly specialized manufacturers. The electronic components industry has become increasingly concentrated and globalized in recent years, and our major competitors have
significant financial resources and technological capabilities. A number of these competitors compete with us primarily on price, and in some instances may enjoy lower production costs for certain
products. We cannot provide assurance that additional competitors will not enter our markets, or that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. Increased competition
may result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.   

We are dependent on market acceptance of our new product introductions and product innovations for future
revenue.      

          Substantially all of the markets in which we operate are impacted by technological change or change in consumer tastes and preferences, which
are rapid in certain end markets. Our operating results depend substantially upon our ability to continually design, develop, introduce, and sell new and innovative products; to modify existing
products; and to customize products to meet customer requirements driven by such change. There are numerous risks inherent in these processes, including the risk that we will be unable to anticipate
the direction of technological change or that we will be unable to develop and market profitable new products and applications in time to satisfy customer demands.   

Like other suppliers to the electronics industry, we are subject to continuing pressure to lower our prices.      

          We have historically experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, continuing pressure to lower our prices. In recent years, we have
experienced price erosion averaging from 1% to 2% each year. In order to maintain our margins, we must continue to reduce our costs by similar amounts. We cannot provide assurance that continuing
pressures to reduce our prices will not have a material adverse effect on our margins, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.   

We may be negatively affected as our customers and vendors continue to consolidate.      

          Many of the industries to which we sell our products, as well as many of the industries from which we buy materials, have become more
concentrated in recent years, including the automotive, data and devices, and aerospace and defense industries. Consolidation of customers may lead to decreased   

  10  

Table of Contents   

  product
purchases from us. In addition, as our customers buy in larger volumes, their volume buying power has increased, enabling them to negotiate more favorable pricing and find alternative sources
from which to purchase. Our materials suppliers similarly have increased their ability to negotiate favorable pricing. These trends may adversely affect the margins on our products, particularly for
commodity components.   

The life cycles of certain of our products can be very short.      

          The life cycles of certain of our products can be very short relative to their development cycle. As a result, the resources devoted to product
sales and marketing may not result in material revenue and, from time to time, we may need to write off excess or obsolete inventory or equipment. If we were to incur significant engineering expenses
and investments in inventory and equipment that we were not able to recover, and we were not able to compensate for those expenses, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could
be materially and adversely affected.   

Risks Relating to Our Operations     

Our results are sensitive to raw material availability, quality, and cost.      

          We are a large buyer of resin, copper, gold, silver, brass, steel, chemicals and additives, zinc, and other precious metals. Many of these raw
materials are produced in a limited number of countries around the world or are only available from a limited number of suppliers. In addition, the price of many of these raw materials, including gold
and copper, continues to fluctuate. If we have difficulty obtaining these raw materials, the quality of available raw materials deteriorates, or there are significant price increases for these raw
materials, it could have a substantial impact on the price we pay for raw materials. To the extent we cannot compensate for cost increases through productivity improvements or price increases to our
customers, our margins may decline, materially affecting our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. In addition, we use financial instruments to hedge the volatility of certain
commodities prices. The success of our hedging program depends on accurate forecasts of planned consumption of the hedged commodity materials. We could experience unanticipated hedge gains or losses
if these forecasts are inaccurate.   

          In
accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC established annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use tin,
tantalum, tungsten, or gold ("conflict minerals" or "3TG") mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo ("DRC") and adjoining countries (together with the DRC, the "Covered Countries") in their
products. These requirements could affect the sourcing, pricing, and availability of 3TG used in the manufacture of certain of our products. As a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers
who can demonstrate that they do not source any 3TG from the Covered Countries, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain non-conflict 3TG in sufficient quantities or at
competitive prices. Further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins and
chain of custody for all conflict minerals used in our products through our due diligence procedures.   

We may use components and products manufactured by third parties.      

          We may rely on third-party suppliers for the components used in our products, and we may rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture
certain of our assemblies and finished products. Our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected if such third parties lack sufficient quality control or if
there are significant changes in their financial or business condition. If these third parties fail to deliver quality products, parts, and components on time and at reasonable prices, we could have
difficulties fulfilling our orders, sales and profits could decline, and our commercial reputation could be damaged.   

  11  

Table of Contents    

Our future success is significantly dependent on our ability to attract and retain executive management
employees and limitations affecting retention and hiring, including Swiss regulations, could have a negative impact on our business and increase our expenses.      

          Our success depends to a significant extent upon our continued ability to retain our executive management employees and hire new executive
management employees to replace, succeed, or add to members of our executive management team. Our executive management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace.
Competition for executive talent is intense, and we compete for these personnel with other companies that are regulated by the laws of jurisdictions that provide significantly greater flexibility than
Switzerland, our jurisdiction of incorporation, in compensation practices for executive management employees.   

Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our
operations, compromise confidential information, and expose us to liability which could materially adversely impact our business and reputation.      

          Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations; compromise information
belonging to us, our employees, customers, and suppliers; and expose us to liability which could adversely impact our business and reputation. In the normal course of business, we rely on information
technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and
activities. Additionally, we collect and store certain data, including proprietary business information and customer and employee data, and may have access to confidential or personal information in
certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls. Despite our cybersecurity measures (including employee and third-party training,
monitoring of networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems) which are continuously reviewed and upgraded, our information technology networks and infrastructure may still be
vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attack by hackers or breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems
failures, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. Any such events could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in operations, and damage
to our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats to our information technology networks
and infrastructure, to date none of these threats has had a material impact on our business or operations.   

Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us.      

          Our five-year unsecured senior revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility") contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the
ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facility) and limits on the amount of subsidiary debt and incurrence of liens. Our outstanding notes' indentures
contain customary covenants including limits on incurrence of liens, sale and lease-back transactions, and our ability to consolidate, merge, and sell assets.   

          Although
none of these covenants are presently restrictive to our operations, our continued ability to meet the Credit Facility financial covenant can be affected by events beyond our
control, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to comply with the covenant. A breach of any of our covenants could result in a default under our Credit Facility or indentures. Upon the
occurrence of certain defaults under our Credit Facility and indentures, the lenders or trustee could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable, and our
lenders could terminate commitments to extend further credit under our Credit Facility. If the lenders or trustee accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have
sufficient assets or access to lenders or capital markets to repay or fund the repayment of any amounts outstanding   

  12  

Table of Contents   

  under
our Credit Facility and our other affected indebtedness. Acceleration of any debt obligation under any of our material debt instruments may permit the holders or trustee of our other material
debt to accelerate payment of debt obligations to the creditors thereunder.   

          The
indentures governing our outstanding senior notes contain covenants that may require us to offer to buy back the notes for a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, to the repurchase date, upon a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures). We cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient funds available or
access to funding to repurchase tendered notes in that event, which could result in a default under the notes. Any future debt that we incur may contain covenants regarding repurchases in the event of
a change of control triggering event.   

The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely.      

          The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, including:  

our quarterly or annual earnings;   
            changes in quarterly or annual sales or earnings guidance that we may provide;   
            actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;   
            volatility in financial markets and market fluctuations caused by global and regional economic conditions and investors' concerns about
potential risks to future economic growth;   
            changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;   
            changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles;   
            announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; and   
            the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies and companies that serve end markets important to our business.    

Risks Relating to Strategic Transactions     

Future acquisitions may not be successful.      

          We regularly evaluate the possible acquisition of strategic businesses, product lines, or technologies which have the potential to strengthen
our market position or enhance our existing product offerings. We cannot provide assurance that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with acquisition candidates in the future. We
also cannot provide assurance that completed acquisitions will be successful. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business,
our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.   

Future acquisitions could require us to issue additional debt or equity.      

          If we were to make a substantial acquisition with cash, the acquisition may need to be financed in part through funding from banks, public
offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or other arrangements. This acquisition financing might decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect other
leverage measures. We cannot provide assurance that sufficient acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. If we were to make an acquisition partially or
wholly funded by issuing equity securities or equity-linked securities, the issued securities may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our shares.   

  13  

Table of Contents   

Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial position, and cash flows.      

          We continue to evaluate the strategic fit of specific businesses and products which may result in additional divestitures. Any divestitures may
result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel; the diversion of management's attention from other business
concerns; the disruption of our business; and the potential loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing these or any other significant risks encountered.   

Risks Relating to Intellectual Property, Litigation, and Regulations     

Our ability to compete effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our
products and technology.      

          The electronics industry is characterized by litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Within this industry, companies
have become more aggressive in asserting and defending patent claims against competitors. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to future litigation alleging infringement or invalidity
of certain of our intellectual property rights or that we will not have to pursue litigation to protect our property rights. Depending on the importance of the technology, product, patent, trademark,
or trade secret in question, an unfavorable outcome regarding one of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.   

We are a defendant to a variety of litigation in the course of our business that could cause a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.      

          In the normal course of business, we are, from time to time, a defendant in litigation, including litigation alleging the infringement of
intellectual property rights, anti-competitive behavior, product liability, breach of contract, and employment-related claims. In certain circumstances, patent infringement and antitrust laws permit
successful plaintiffs to recover treble damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we
may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
position, and cash flows.   

If any of our operations are found not to comply with applicable antitrust or competition laws or applicable
trade regulations, our business may suffer.      

          Our operations are subject to applicable antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the
U.S. and the EU. These laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. If any of our commercial agreements and practices with respect to the electronic components or other
markets are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. We may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. Further, agreements that infringe these
antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification in order to be lawful and enforceable. If we are unable to enforce our commercial agreements,
whether at all or in material part, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected. Further, any failure to maintain compliance with trade regulations could
limit our ability to import and export raw materials and finished goods into or from the relevant jurisdiction, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash
flows.   

  14  

Table of Contents   

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom's
Bribery Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.      

          The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom's Bribery Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies
and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We
operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs
and practices. Despite our training and compliance program, we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from reckless or criminal acts
committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial position, and cash flows.   

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation, government
enforcement actions, and reputational risk.      

          We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations in the various
countries where we operate and where our products are sold. These laws and regulations govern, among other things:  

the generation, storage, use, and transportation of hazardous materials;   
            emissions or discharges of substances into the environment;   
            investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites;   
            greenhouse gas emissions;   
            product hazardous material content; and   
            the health and safety of our employees.    

We
may not have been, or we may not at all times be, in compliance with all environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. If we violate these laws, we could be fined,
criminally charged, or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. In addition, environmental and health and safety laws are becoming more stringent, resulting in increased costs and compliance burdens.   

          Certain
environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, removal, and remediation of hazardous substances
or materials at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. Liability for investigation, removal, and remediation costs under certain federal and state laws
is retroactive, strict, and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of,
or exposure to, hazardous substances. We have received notification from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other environmental agencies that conditions at a number of currently and
formerly-owned or operated sites where we and others have disposed of hazardous substances require investigation, cleanup, and other possible remedial action and require that we reimburse the
government or otherwise pay for the costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damage claims from such sites. We also have independently investigated various sites and determined
that further investigation and/or remediation is necessary.   

          While
we plan for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future
environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect
our   

  15  

Table of Contents   

  results
of operations, financial position, and cash flows or that we will not be subject to additional environmental claims for personal injury, property damage, and/or cleanup in the future based on
our past, present, or future business activities.   

Our products are subject to various requirements related to chemical usage, hazardous material content, and
recycling.      

          The EU, China, and other jurisdictions in which our products are sold have enacted or are proposing to enact laws addressing environmental and
other impacts from product disposal, use of hazardous materials in products, use of chemicals in manufacturing, recycling of products at the end of their useful life, and other related matters. These
laws include the EU
Restriction of Hazardous Substances, End of Life Vehicle, and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directives; the EU REACH Regulation; the China law on Management Methods for Controlling
Pollution by Electronic Information Products; and various other laws. These laws prohibit the use of certain substances in the manufacture of our products and directly and indirectly impose a variety
of requirements for modification of manufacturing processes, registration, chemical testing, labeling, and other matters. These laws continue to proliferate and expand in these and other jurisdictions
to address other materials and other aspects of our product manufacturing and sale. These laws could make manufacture or sale of our products more expensive or impossible and could limit our ability
to sell our products in certain jurisdictions.   

Risks Relating to Our Swiss Jurisdiction of Incorporation     

As a Swiss corporation, we have less flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management
involving the issuance of shares.      

          As a Swiss corporation, our board of directors may not declare and pay dividends or distributions on our shares or reclassify reserves on our
standalone unconsolidated Swiss balance sheet without shareholder approval and without satisfying certain other requirements. In addition, our articles of association allow us to create authorized
share capital that can be issued by the board of directors, but this authorization is limited to (i) authorized share capital up to 50% of the existing registered shares with such authorization
valid for a maximum of two years, which authorization period ends on March 2, 2018, approved by our shareholders at our March 2, 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, and
(ii) conditional share capital of up to 50% of the existing registered shares that may be issued only for specific purposes. Additionally, subject to specified exceptions, Swiss law grants
preemptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares from authorized share capital and advance subscription rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new
issuances of shares from conditional share capital. Swiss law also does not provide much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares, and reserves for approval by
shareholders many types of corporate actions, including the creation of shares with preferential rights with respect to liquidation, dividends, and/or voting. Moreover, under Swiss law, we generally
may not issue registered shares for an amount below par value without prior shareholder approval to decrease the par value of our registered shares. Any such actions for which our shareholders must
vote will require that we file a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC and convene a meeting of shareholders, which would delay the timing to execute such actions. Such limitations provide
the board of directors less flexibility with respect to our capital management. While we do not believe that Swiss law requirements relating to the issuance of shares will have a material adverse
effect on us, we cannot provide assurance that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders and such limitations on our capital
management flexibility would make our stock less attractive to investors.   

  16  

Table of Contents   

We might not be able to make distributions on our shares without subjecting shareholders to Swiss withholding
tax.      

          In order to make distributions on our shares to shareholders free of Swiss withholding tax, we anticipate making distributions to shareholders
through a reduction of contributed surplus (as determined for Swiss tax and statutory purposes) or registered share capital. Various tax law and corporate law proposals in Switzerland, if passed in
the future, may affect our ability to pay dividends or distributions to our shareholders free from Swiss withholding tax. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet the legal requirements
for future distributions to shareholders through dividends from contributed surplus or through a reduction of registered share capital, or that Swiss withholding rules would not be changed in the
future. In addition, over the long term, the amount of registered share capital available for reductions will be limited. Our ability to pay dividends or distributions to our shareholders free from
Swiss withholding tax is a significant component of our capital management and shareholder return practices that we believe is important to our shareholders, and any restriction on our ability to do
so could make our stock less attractive to investors.   

Currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the Swiss franc may limit the amount available for any
future distributions on our shares without subjecting shareholders to Swiss withholding tax.      

          Under Swiss corporate law, which applies to us, the registered share capital in our unconsolidated Swiss statutory financial statements is
required to be denominated in Swiss francs. Since distributions that are effected through a return of contributed surplus or registered share capital are expected to be paid in U.S. dollars,
shareholder resolutions with respect to such distributions must take into account the Swiss francs denomination of the registered share capital. If the U.S. dollar were to increase in value relative
to the Swiss franc, the U.S. dollar amount of registered share capital available for future distributions without Swiss withholding tax will decrease.   

We have certain limitations on our ability to repurchase our shares.      

          The Swiss Code of Obligations regulates a corporation's ability to hold or repurchase its own shares. We and our subsidiaries may only
repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves (including contributed surplus as determined for Swiss tax and statutory purposes) are available. The aggregate par value
of our registered shares held by us and our subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of our registered share capital. We may repurchase our registered shares beyond the statutory limit of 10%, however, only if
our shareholders have adopted a resolution at a general meeting of shareholders authorizing the board of directors to repurchase registered shares in an amount in excess of 10% and the repurchased
shares are dedicated for cancellation. Additionally, various tax law and corporate law proposals in Switzerland, if passed in the future, may affect our ability to repurchase our shares. Our ability
to repurchase our shares is a significant component of our capital management and shareholder return practices that we believe is important to our shareholders, and any restriction on our ability to
repurchase our shares could make our stock less attractive to investors.   

Registered holders of our shares must be registered as shareholders with voting rights in order to vote at
shareholder meetings.      

          Our articles of association contain a provision regarding voting rights that is required by Swiss law for Swiss companies like us that issue
registered shares (as opposed to bearer shares). This provision provides that to be able to exercise voting rights, holders of our shares must be registered in our share register (Aktienbuch) as
shareholders with voting rights. Only shareholders whose shares have been registered with voting rights on the record date may participate in and vote at our shareholders' meetings, but all
shareholders will be entitled to dividends, distributions, preemptive rights, advance subscription rights, and liquidation proceeds. The board of directors may, in its discretion, refuse to   

  17  

Table of Contents   

  register
shares as shares with voting rights if a shareholder does not fulfill certain disclosure requirements as set forth in our articles of association. Additionally, various proposals in
Switzerland for corporate law changes, if passed in the future, may require shareholder registration in order to exercise voting rights for shareholders who hold their shares in street name through
brokerages and banks. Such a registration requirement could make our stock less attractive to investors.   

Certain provisions of our articles of association may reduce the likelihood of any unsolicited acquisition
proposal or potential change of control that our shareholders might consider favorable.      

          Our articles of association contain provisions that could be considered "anti-takeover" provisions because they would make it harder for a third
party to acquire us without the consent of our incumbent board of directors. Under these provisions, among others:  

shareholders may act only at shareholder meetings and not by written consent, and   
            restrictions will apply to any merger or other business combination between our company and any holder of 15% or more of our issued voting
shares who became such without the prior approval of our board of directors.    

These
provisions may only be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of 80% of our issued voting shares, which could have the effect of discouraging an unsolicited acquisition proposal or
delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control transaction that might involve a premium price, or otherwise be considered favorable by our shareholders. Our articles of association also
contain provisions permitting our board of directors to issue new shares from authorized or conditional capital (in either case, representing a maximum of 50% of the shares presently registered in the
commercial register and in case of issuances from authorized capital, until March 2, 2018 unless re-authorized by shareholders for a subsequent two-year period) without shareholder approval and
without regard for shareholders' preemptive rights or advance subscription rights, for the purpose of the defense of an actual, threatened, or potential unsolicited takeover bid, in relation to which
the board of directors, upon consultation with an independent financial advisor, has not recommended acceptance to the shareholders. We note that Swiss courts have not addressed whether or not a
takeover bid of this nature is an acceptable reason under Swiss law for withdrawing or limiting preemptive rights with respect to authorized share capital or advance subscription rights with respect
to conditional share capital. In addition, the NYSE, on which our shares are listed, requires shareholder approval for issuances of shares equal to 20% or more of the outstanding shares or voting
power, with limited exceptions.   

Legislative and regulatory actions and proposals in Switzerland, the U.S., and other jurisdictions could
cause a material change in our worldwide effective corporate tax rate.      

          Various U.S. and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory proposals have been directed at multinational companies with operations in lower tax
jurisdictions. There has been heightened focus on adoption of such legislation and on other initiatives, such as:  

the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's initiative to develop agreed-upon best practices to prevent base erosion and
profit shifting, which contemplate changes to numerous long-standing tax principles related to the distribution of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions,    
            corporate tax reform in Switzerland, which is proposed in response to OECD and EU concerns,   
            EU and other country efforts to adopt certain OECD proposals and modified OECD proposals (including the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive, state aid
cases, and various transparency proposals), and    
 
  18  

Table of Contents   

tax policy in the U.S., such as the recently issued final and temporary debt/equity regulations under Internal Revenue Code Section 385,
revisions to the model income tax treaty, and other international tax reform proposals.    

If
these proposals are adopted in the main jurisdictions in which we do business, they could, among other things, cause double taxation, increase audit risk, and materially increase our
worldwide corporate effective tax rate. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals or initiatives, and we cannot provide assurance that any such legislation or initiative will
not apply to us.   

Legislation in the U.S. could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.      

          Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that may negatively impact the growth of our business
by denying government contracts to U.S. companies that have moved to lower-tax jurisdictions.   

We
expect the U.S. Congress to continue to consider implementation and/or expansion of policies that would restrict the federal and state governments from contracting with entities that
have corporate locations abroad. We cannot predict the likelihood that, or final form in which, any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under
any future legislative enactments, the effect such enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business, or the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. Therefore, we cannot
provide assurance that any such legislative action will not apply to us. In addition, we are unable to predict whether the final form of any potential legislation discussed above also would affect our
indirect sales to U.S. federal or state governments or the willingness of our non-governmental customers to do business with us. As a result of these uncertainties, we are unable to assess the
potential impact of any proposed legislation in this area and cannot provide assurance that the impact will not be materially adverse to us.   

Swiss law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our
securities.      

          As we are organized under the laws of Switzerland, it may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in
Switzerland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland would recognize or
enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or
those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the U.S. and Switzerland currently do not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and
commercial matters. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the U.S. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in Swiss courts as they
are contrary to that nation's public policy.   

          Swiss
corporate law differs in certain material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. These differences include the manner in which
directors must disclose transactions in which they have an interest, the rights of shareholders to bring class action and derivative lawsuits, and the scope of indemnification available to directors
and officers. Thus, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S.   

  19  

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES            

          Our principal executive office is located in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. As of fiscal year end 2016, we owned approximately 19 million
square feet and leased approximately 10 million square feet of manufacturing, warehousing, and office space. We believe our facilities are suitable for the conduct of our business and adequate
for our current needs.   

          We
manufacture our products in approximately 25 countries worldwide. Our manufacturing sites focus on various aspects of the manufacturing processes, including our primary processes of
stamping, plating, molding, extrusion, beaming, and assembly. We consider the productive capacity of our manufacturing facilities sufficient. As of fiscal year end 2016, our principal centers of
manufacturing output by segment and geographic region were as follows:   

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS            

          In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including product liability matters, employment
disputes, disputes on agreements, other commercial disputes, environmental matters, antitrust claims, and tax matters, including non-income tax matters such as value added tax, sales and use tax, real
estate tax, and transfer tax. In addition, we operate in an industry susceptible to significant patent legal claims. At any given time in the normal
course of business, we are involved as either a plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement actions. If infringement of a third party's patent were to be determined against us, we might
be required to make significant royalty or other payments or might be subject to an injunction or other limitation on our ability to manufacture or sell one or more products. If a patent owned by or
licensed to us were determined to be invalid or unenforceable, we might be required to reduce the value of the patent on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and to record a corresponding charge, which
could be significant in amount.   

          Management
believes that these legal proceedings and claims likely will be resolved over an extended period of time. Although it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these
proceedings, based upon our experience, current information, and applicable law, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position,
or cash flows.   

  20  

Table of Contents    

PART II            

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES            

Market Information     

          Our common shares are listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol "TEL." The following table sets forth the high and low closing sales prices
of our common shares as reported by the NYSE for the quarterly periods of fiscal 2016 and 2015:   

The
number of registered holders of our common shares at November 9, 2016 was 25,611.   

Dividends and Cash Distributions to Shareholders     

          The following table sets forth the dividends paid on our common shares during the quarterly periods of fiscal 2016 and 2015:   

(1)    Payments
were declared in U.S. dollars. The Swiss francs ("CHF") equivalent is based on a U.S. dollar/CHF exchange rate on the date of shareholder approval.
      (2)    Payments
were declared in CHF and paid in U.S. dollars based on a U.S. dollar/CHF exchange rate shortly before shareholder approval.    

Future
dividends on our common shares or reductions of registered share capital for distribution to shareholders, if any, must be approved by our shareholders. In exercising their
discretion to recommend to the shareholders that such dividends or distributions be approved, our board of directors will consider our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial
condition, statutory requirements of applicable law, contractual restrictions, and other factors that they may deem relevant. We may from time to time enter into financing agreements that contain
financial covenants and restrictions, some of which may limit our ability to pay dividends or to distribute capital reductions.   

  21  

Table of Contents   

Performance Graph     

          Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares against the cumulative return on the
S P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Electrical Components and Equipment Index. The graph assumes the investment of $100 in our common shares and in each index at fiscal year end 2011 and assumes
the reinvestment of all dividends and distributions. The graph shows the cumulative total return for the last five fiscal years. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and
are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common shares.   

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN   AMONG TE CONNECTIVITY LTD., S P 500 INDEX, AND   DOW JONES ELECTRICAL COMPONENTS AND EQUIPMENT INDEX            

(1)    $100
invested on September 30, 2011 in TE Connectivity's common shares and in indexes. Indexes calculated on month-end basis.    

22  

Table of Contents   

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     

          The following table presents information about our purchases of our common shares during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:   

(1)    These
columns include the following transactions which occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:

(i)    the
acquisition of 4,798 common shares from individuals in order to satisfy tax withholding requirements in connection with the vesting of restricted share awards
issued under equity compensation plans; and
      (ii)    open
market purchases totaling 1,628,793 common shares, summarized on a trade-date basis, in conjunction with the share repurchase program announced in September
2007.
     
   (2)    In
March 2016, our board of directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase in the share repurchase program. Our share repurchase program authorizes us to
purchase a portion of our outstanding common shares from time to time through open market or private transactions, depending on business and market conditions. The share repurchase program does not
have an expiration date.    

23  

Table of Contents    

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA            

          The following table presents selected consolidated financial data. The data presented below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated
Financial Statements and accompanying notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our consolidated
financial information may not be indicative of our future performance.   

(1)    Fiscal
2016 results included a pre-tax gain of $144 million on the sale of our Circuit Protection Devices ("CPD") business; a $1,135 million income tax
benefit associated with the effective settlement of tax matters for the years 1997 through 2000 which resolved all aspects of the disputed debt matter with the Internal Revenue Service through the
year 2007 and the related impact of $604 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International plc ("Tyco International") and Covidien plc
("Covidien"); a $91 million income tax charge related to an increase to the valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets; and an $83 million net income tax benefit related to
tax settlements in certain other tax jurisdictions. (See Notes 3, 12, 15, and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.) Fiscal 2016 was a 53 week year.
      (2)    Fiscal
2015 results included a $216 million income tax charge associated with the tax impacts of certain intercompany legal entity restructurings made in
connection with our integration of Measurement Specialties, Inc. ("Measurement Specialties"); a $201 million income tax benefit associated with the effective settlement of all undisputed
tax matters for the years 2001 through 2007 and the related impact of $84 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien; and a
$63 million income tax benefit associated with the effective settlement of all undisputed tax matters for the years 2008 through 2010. In addition, in fiscal 2015, income from discontinued
operations, net of income taxes    

24  

Table of Contents   

included
the gain on the sale of our Broadband Network Solutions ("BNS") business. (See Notes 4, 12, 15, and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)    

(3)    Fiscal
2014 results included a $282 million income tax benefit recognized in connection with a reduction in the valuation allowance associated with certain
tax loss carryforwards relating to ADC Telecommunications, Inc. ("ADC"). (See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)
      (4)    Fiscal
2013 results included a $331 million income tax benefit associated with the effective settlement of all undisputed tax matters for the years 1997
through 2000 and the related impact of $231 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien.
      (5)    Fiscal
2012 results included $75 million of charges from the amortization of acquisition-related fair value adjustments related primarily to acquired
inventories and customer order backlog associated with Deutsch Group SAS and a $107 million income tax benefit recognized in connection with a reduction in the valuation allowance associated
with tax loss carryforwards in certain non-U.S. locations.    

25  

Table of Contents   

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            

          The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated
Financial Statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and
beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those factors
discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information."   

          Our
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in U.S. dollars, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP").   

          The
following discussion includes organic net sales growth and free cash flow which are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures, together with GAAP
financial measures, provide useful information to investors because they reflect the financial measures that management uses in evaluating the underlying results of our operations. See "Non-GAAP
Financial Measures" for more information about these non-GAAP financial measures, including our reasons for including the measures and material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the
measures.   

Overview            

          We are a global technology leader. We design and manufacture connectivity and sensor solutions that are essential in today's increasingly
connected world. We help our customers solve the need for intelligent, efficient, and high-performing products and solutions.   

          Fiscal
2016 highlights included the following:  

Overall, our net sales were flat in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, as increased net sales in the Transportation Solutions and
Industrial Solutions segments were offset by declines in the Communications Solutions segment. Foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted net sales by $254 million in fiscal 2016 as
compared to fiscal 2015. On an organic basis, our net sales increased 1.5% during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.   
            Our net sales by segment were as follows:    

Transportation Solutions    Our net sales increased 2.4% due to increased
sales in the automotive end market and, to a lesser degree, the sensors and commercial transportation end markets.     
            Industrial Solutions    Our net sales increased 1.1% due to increased
sales in the industrial equipment end market which benefitted from sales contributions from acquisitions, partially offset by decreased sales in the aerospace, defense, oil, and gas and the energy end
markets.     
            Communications Solutions    Our net sales decreased 6.8% due primarily to
sales declines in the data and devices end market, partially offset by sales increases in the subsea communications end market.   
     
         Fiscal 2016 included an additional week which contributed $238 million in net sales and $0.13 per share to diluted earnings per
share.   
            During fiscal 2016, our shareholders approved a dividend payment to shareholders of $1.48 per issued share payable in four quarterly
installments of $0.37 beginning with the third fiscal quarter of 2016 and ending in the second fiscal quarter of 2017.    
 
  26  

Table of Contents   

Net cash provided by continuing operating activities was $2,019 million and free cash flow was $1,585 million in fiscal 2016.    
            During fiscal 2016, we acquired the Creganna Medical group ("Creganna"), a global leader in the design and manufacture of minimally invasive
delivery and access medical devices. Also during fiscal 2016, we completed the divestiture our CPD business.    

Outlook     

          In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we expect net sales to be between $2.95 billion and $3.05 billion. This reflects sales growth
in the Industrial Solutions and Transportation Solutions segments, partially offset by sales declines in the Communications Solutions segment relative to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Additional
information regarding expectations for our reportable segments for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period of fiscal 2016 is as follows:  

Transportation Solutions    We expect our net sales growth in the automotive end
market to exceed anticipated growth in global automotive production of approximately 2% due primarily to growth in China and the EMEA region. We also expect our net sales to increase in the commercial
transportation and sensors end markets.   
            Industrial Solutions    We expect our net sales to increase in the industrial
equipment end market due primarily to recent acquisitions. We expect our net sales growth in the aerospace and defense market to be partially offset by market weakness and sales declines in the oil
and gas market.   
            Communications Solutions    We expect our net sales to decline in the data and devices
end market primarily as a result of the divestiture of our CPD business. This decline is expected to be partially offset by sales growth in the appliances and subsea communications end markets.    

We
expect diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.88 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.   

          For
fiscal 2017, we expect net sales to be between $12.3 billion and $12.9 billion, an increase from $12.2 billion in fiscal 2016 which included an additional week.
This increase is attributable to sales growth in the Industrial Solutions and Transportation Solutions segments, partially offset by sales declines in the Communications Solutions segment. Additional
information regarding expectations for our reportable segments for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 is as follows:  

Transportation Solutions    We expect our net sales increase in the automotive end
market to outpace expected growth in global automotive production of approximately 1% as a result of increased content per vehicle and market share gains. We also expect our net sales to increase in
the commercial transportation and sensors end markets.   
            Industrial Solutions    We expect our net sales to increase in the industrial
equipment end market due primarily to recent acquisitions. Also, we expect net sales growth in the aerospace and defense market.   
            Communications Solutions    We expect our net sales growth in the subsea
communications and appliances end markets to be more than offset by sales declines in the data and devices end market, due primarily to the divestiture of our CPD business.    

We
expect diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $3.84 to $4.14 per share in fiscal 2017.   

          The
above outlook is based on foreign exchange rates and commodity prices that are consistent with current levels.   

  27  

Table of Contents   

We
are monitoring the current macroeconomic environment, including the proposed exit of the United Kingdom from the EU, and its potential effects on our customers and the end markets we
serve. We continue to closely manage our costs in line with economic conditions. Additionally, we are managing our capital resources and monitoring capital availability to ensure that we have
sufficient resources to fund future capital needs. See further discussion in "Liquidity and Capital Resources."   

Acquisitions     

          During fiscal 2016, we acquired four businesses, including Creganna, for a combined cash purchase price of $1.3 billion, net of cash
acquired.   

          During
fiscal 2015, we acquired Measurement Specialties, a leading global designer and manufacturer of sensors and sensor-based systems. The total value paid was approximately
$1.7 billion, net of cash acquired, and included $225 million for the repayment of Measurement Specialties' debt and accrued interest. Also during fiscal 2015, we acquired three
additional businesses for $241 million in cash, net of cash acquired.   

          During
fiscal 2014, we acquired five businesses, including the SEACON Group ("SEACON"), a leading provider of underwater connector technology and systems, for $522 million in
cash, net of cash acquired.   

          See
Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding acquisitions.   

Divestiture     

          During fiscal 2016, we sold our CPD business for net cash proceeds of $333 million. We recognized a pre-tax gain of $144 million
on the transaction. The CPD business was reported as part of the Data and Devices business within our Communications Solutions segment.   

Results of Operations            

Net Sales     

          The following table presents our net sales and the percentage of total net sales by segment:   

28  

Table of Contents   

          The
following table provides an analysis of the change in our net sales compared to the prior fiscal year by segment:   

Net
sales were flat in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. Organic net sales growth of 1.5% and net sales contributions from acquisitions and a divestiture of 0.6% were offset by the
negative impact of foreign currency translation of 2.1% due to the weakening of certain foreign currencies. Organic net sales were adversely affected by price erosion of $188 million in fiscal
2016. Fiscal 2016 included an additional week which contributed $238 million in net sales. The impact of the additional week was estimated using an average weekly sales figure for the last
month of the fiscal year.   

          Net
sales increased $260 million, or 2.2%, in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase in net sales resulted from sales contributions from acquisitions of 5.9% and
organic net sales growth of 3.8%, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 7.5% due to the weakening of certain foreign currencies. During fiscal 2015, Measurement
Specialties contributed net sales of $548 million. Organic net sales were adversely affected by price erosion of $208 million in fiscal 2015.   

          See
further discussion of net sales below under "Segment Results."   

             Net Sales by Geographic Region.        Our business operates in three geographic regions the Americas, EMEA, and
Asia Pacific and our results of operations are influenced by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar, compared to
other currencies, will directly affect our reported results as we translate those currencies into U.S. dollars at the end of each fiscal period. We sell our products into approximately 150 countries,
and approximately 54% of our net sales were invoiced in currencies other than the U.S. dollar in fiscal 2016. The percentage of net sales in fiscal 2016 by major currencies invoiced was as follows:   

29  

Table of Contents    

The following table presents our net sales and the percentage of total net sales by geographic region:   

The
following table provides an analysis of the change in our net sales compared to the prior fiscal year by geographic region:   

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin     

          The following table presents cost of sales and gross margin information:   

In
fiscal 2016, gross margin decreased $54 million as compared to fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2016, gross margin included charges of $10 million from the amortization of
acquisition-related fair value adjustments to acquired inventories and customer order backlog associated primarily with Creganna. In fiscal 2015, gross margin included charges of $36 million
from the amortization of acquisition-related fair value adjustments to acquired inventories and customer order backlog associated primarily with Measurement Specialties. Excluding these charges, the
gross margin decreased in fiscal 2016 due primarily to unfavorable product mix and price erosion, partially offset by lower material costs.   

          Gross
margin increased $115 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015, gross margin included charges of $36 million associated with the acquisition
of Measurement Specialties. Excluding these charges, gross margin increased in fiscal 2015 primarily as a result of higher volume and improved manufacturing productivity, partially offset by the
negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and price erosion.   

Cost
of sales and gross margin are subject to variability in raw material prices, and the price of many of our raw materials continues to fluctuate. In fiscal 2016, we purchased
approximately   

  30  

Table of Contents   

170 million
pounds of copper, 115,000 troy ounces of gold, and 2.4 million troy ounces of silver. The following table sets forth the average prices incurred related to copper, gold, and
silver.   

In
fiscal 2017, we expect to purchase approximately 177 million pounds of copper, 129,000 troy ounces of gold, and 2.5 million troy ounces of silver.   

Operating Expenses     

          The following table presents operating expense information:   

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses.        In fiscal 2016, selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased
$41 million as compared
to fiscal 2015 due primarily to cost control measures and savings attributable to restructuring actions.   

          Selling,
general, and administrative expenses decreased $30 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease resulted primarily from cost control measures and
savings attributable to restructuring actions, partially offset by additional expenses associated with Measurement Specialties.   

             Research, Development, and Engineering Expenses.        Research, development, and engineering expenses increased $17 million in
fiscal 2016 as
compared to fiscal 2015 and $44 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The increases resulted from additional expenses related to acquisitions and growth initiatives, primarily in
the Transportation Solutions segment.   

            Acquisition and Integration Costs.        In fiscal 2016, we incurred acquisition and integration costs of $22 million related
primarily to the
acquisitions of Creganna and Measurement Specialties. In fiscal 2015, we incurred acquisition and integration costs of $55 million, related primarily to the acquisitions of Measurement
Specialties and SEACON. In fiscal 2014, we incurred acquisition and integration costs of $31 million, primarily in connection with the acquisition of SEACON.   

             Restructuring and Other Charges, Net.        We are committed to continuous productivity improvements and consistently evaluate
opportunities to simplify
our global manufacturing footprint, migrate facilities to lower-cost regions, reduce fixed costs, and eliminate excess capacity. These initiatives are designed to help us maintain our competitiveness
in the industry, improve our operating leverage, and position us for future growth.   

          During
fiscal 2016, we initiated a restructuring program associated with headcount reductions impacting all segments and product line closures in the Communications Solutions segment.
During fiscal 2015, we initiated a restructuring program associated with headcount reductions and product line   

  31  

Table of Contents   

  closures,
primarily impacting the Communications Solutions and Industrial Solutions segments. During fiscal 2014, we initiated a restructuring program associated primarily with headcount reductions
and manufacturing site and product line closures in the Communications Solutions segment.   

          In
connection with these initiatives, we recorded net restructuring charges of $125 million, $93 million, and $23 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014,
respectively. Annualized cost savings related to actions initiated in fiscal 2016 are expected to be approximately $150 million and are expected to be realized by the end of fiscal 2017. Cost
savings will be reflected primarily in cost of sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses. During fiscal 2017, we expect net restructuring charges to be similar to fiscal 2016 levels. We
expect total spending, which will be funded with cash from operations, to be approximately $110 million in fiscal 2017.   

          During
fiscal 2016, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $144 million on the sale of our CPD business.   

During
fiscal 2016 and 2015, we incurred net other charges of $21 million and $59 million, respectively, primarily in connection with the divestiture of certain businesses.   

          See
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding net restructuring and other charges.   

Operating Income     

          The following table presents operating income and operating margin information:   

Operating
income included the following:   

See
further discussion of operating income below under "Segment Results."   

  32  

Table of Contents   

Non-Operating Items     

          The following table presents select non-operating information:   

Other Income (Expense), Net.        In fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recorded net other income (expense) primarily pursuant to the
Tax Sharing Agreement
with Tyco International and Covidien. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding net other income (expense) and Note 12 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding the separation and related Tax Sharing Agreement.   

Income Taxes.        See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding items impacting income tax
expense (benefit) for
fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

          The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was $3,096 million and $3,237 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note 15 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information regarding the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.   

          As
of fiscal year end 2016, certain subsidiaries had approximately $21 billion of cumulative undistributed earnings that have been retained indefinitely and reinvested in our
global manufacturing operations, including working capital; property, plant, and equipment; intangible assets; and research and development activities. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding undistributed earnings.   

             Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Income Taxes.        During fiscal 2015, we sold our BNS business for $3.0 billion in
cash and recognized
a pre-tax gain of $1.1 billion on the transaction. During fiscal 2016, we recognized an additional pre-tax gain of $29 million on the divestiture, related primarily to pension and net
working capital adjustments.   

          In
fiscal 2006, the former shareholders of Com-Net initiated a lawsuit related to our fiscal 2001 acquisition of Com-Net. In connection with the Com-Net case, we recorded a reserve and
pre-tax charges of $127 million during fiscal 2015. During fiscal 2016, we recorded pre-tax credits of $30 million, representing a release of excess reserves. These amounts are reflected
in income from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the Com-Net case was associated with our former Wireless Systems business which was sold in 2009.   

          The
BNS and Wireless Systems businesses met the discontinued operations criteria and were reported as such in all periods presented on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Prior to
reclassification to discontinued operations, the BNS and Wireless Systems businesses were included in the former
Network Solutions and Wireless Systems segments, respectively. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding discontinued operations.   

  33  

Table of Contents    

Segment Results            

Transportation Solutions     

Net Sales.        The following table presents the Transportation Solutions segment's net sales and the percentage of total net sales by
primary industry
end market (1) :   

(1)    Industry
end market information is presented consistently with our internal management reporting and may be revised periodically as management deems necessary.    

The
following table provides an analysis of the change in the Transportation Solutions segment's net sales compared to the prior fiscal year by primary industry end market:   

In
fiscal 2016, net sales in the Transportation Solutions segment increased $152 million, or 2.4%, from fiscal 2015 due primarily to organic net sales growth of 4.9%, partially
offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 2.7%. Fiscal 2016 included an additional week which contributed $130 million in net sales. Our organic net sales by primary
industry end market were as follows:  

Automotive    Our organic net sales increased 5.6% in fiscal 2016. The increase was
due primarily to growth of 8.4% in the Asia Pacific region and 5.9% in the EMEA region, partially offset by a decrease of 0.9% in the Americas region. In the Asia Pacific
region, our growth was driven by increased electronification and market share gains in China. In the EMEA region, our organic net sales increased due to electronification and new model launches. The
Americas region was adversely impacted by market weakness in North America and macroeconomic conditions in South America.   
            Commercial transportation    Our organic net sales increased 2.6% in fiscal 2016 due
primarily to growth in the heavy truck market in the EMEA region and China.   
            Sensors    Our organic net sales increased 3.1% in fiscal 2016 due primarily to
increased sales in the automotive, aerospace and defense, and industrial equipment markets.    

Net
sales in the Transportation Solutions segment increased $261 million, or 4.3%, in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 as a result of sales contributions from acquisitions
of 9.3% and organic net sales growth of 4.1%, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 9.1%.   

  34  

Table of Contents   

Measurement
Specialties contributed net sales of $548 million during fiscal 2015. Our organic net sales by primary industry end market were as
follows:  

Automotive    Our organic net sales increased 5.1% in fiscal 2015 with growth of 8.2%
in the Asia Pacific region, 4.4% in the EMEA region, and 0.8% in the Americas region. Growth in the Asia Pacific and EMEA regions and North America was driven primarily by
increased content per vehicle. This growth was partially offset by weakness in South America driven by lower production volumes in Brazil.   
            Commercial transportation    Our organic net sales decreased 0.8% in fiscal 2015 due
to lower demand in the agriculture market across all regions, partially offset by growth in the heavy truck market in developed countries.   
            Sensors    Our organic net sales increased 1.9% in fiscal 2015 due primarily to
increased sales in the automotive market resulting from new product launches in China and increased volume in Japan, partially offset by market weakness in Korea and Eastern Europe.    

Operating Income.        The following table presents the Transportation Solutions segment's operating income and operating margin
information:   

The
Transportation Solutions segment's operating income included the following:   

Operating
income in the Transportation Solutions segment was flat in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. Excluding the items presented in the table above, operating income decreased
in fiscal 2016 primarily as a result of price erosion and the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by lower material costs.   

          In
fiscal 2015, operating income in the Transportation Solutions segment decreased $52 million as compared to fiscal 2014. Excluding the items presented in the table above,
operating income increased in fiscal 2015 due primarily to higher volume and improved manufacturing productivity, partially offset by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates
and price erosion.   

  35  

Table of Contents   

Industrial Solutions     

            Net Sales.        The following table presents the Industrial Solutions segment's net sales and the percentage of total net sales by
primary industry end
market (1) :   

(1)    Industry
end market information is presented consistently with our internal management reporting and may be revised periodically as management deems necessary.    

The
following table provides an analysis of the change in the Industrial Solutions segment's net sales compared to the prior fiscal year by primary industry end market:   

Net
sales in the Industrial Solutions segment increased $36 million, or 1.1%, in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 due to sales contributions from acquisitions of 5.9%,
partially offset by organic net sales declines of 2.8% and the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 2.0%. Fiscal 2016 included an additional week which contributed $65 million in
net sales. Our organic net sales by primary industry end market were as follows:  

Industrial equipment    Our organic net sales decreased 5.2% in fiscal 2016 as a
result of market weakness in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions.   
            Aerospace, defense, oil, and gas    Our organic net sales decreased 3.8% in fiscal
2016. The decrease was attributable to declines in the oil and gas market, partially offset by growth in the aerospace and defense market. In the oil and gas market, our organic net sales decrease was
due to continued market weakness resulting from declines in oil prices. In the aerospace and defense market, our organic net sales increased due primarily to strength in our commercial aerospace
business resulting from customer growth and market share gains.   
            Energy    Our organic net sales increased 3.6% in fiscal 2016 primarily as a result of
growth in the Americas and EMEA regions.    

In
the Industrial Solutions segment, net sales decreased $123 million, or 3.7%, in fiscal 2015 from fiscal 2014 due primarily to the negative impact of foreign currency
translation of 7.8%, partially offset by sales contributions from acquisitions of 4.3%. Our organic net sales by primary industry end market were as follows:  

Industrial equipment    Our organic net sales increased 0.9% in fiscal 2015 as growth
in the Asia Pacific and EMEA regions was partially offset by lower demand in the Americas region.    
 
  36  

Table of Contents   

Aerospace, defense, oil, and gas    Our organic net sales decreased 1.5% in fiscal
2015 due primarily to weakness in the oil and gas market resulting from oil price declines and market uncertainty, partially offset by continued strength in our commercial aerospace business.    
            Energy    Our organic net sales were flat in fiscal 2015 as growth in the Americas
region was offset by declines in the Asia Pacific region.    

Operating Income.        The following table presents the Industrial Solutions segment's operating income and operating margin
information:   

The
Industrial Solutions segment's operating income included the following:   

Operating
income in the Industrial Solutions segment decreased $9 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. Excluding the items presented in the table above, operating
income decreased in fiscal 2016 due primarily to unfavorable product mix and price erosion, partially offset by lower material costs.   

          In
fiscal 2015, operating income in the Industrial Solutions segment decreased $79 million as compared to fiscal 2014. Excluding the items presented in the table above, operating
income decreased in fiscal 2015 primarily as a result of the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and price erosion.   

  37  

Table of Contents   

Communications Solutions     

             Net Sales.        The following table presents the Communications Solutions segment's net sales and the percentage of total net sales
by primary industry
end market (1) :   

(1)    Industry
end market information is presented consistently with our internal management reporting and may be revised periodically as management deems necessary.    

The
following table provides an analysis of the change in the Communications Solutions segment's net sales compared to the prior fiscal year by primary industry end market:   

In
fiscal 2016, net sales in the Communications Solutions segment decreased $183 million, or 6.8%, as compared to fiscal 2015 due to sales declines resulting from a divestiture of
4.6%, organic net sales declines of 1.6%, and the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 0.6%. Fiscal 2016 included an additional week which contributed $43 million in net sales.
Our organic net sales by primary industry end market were as follows:  

Data and devices    Our organic net sales decreased 17.8% in fiscal 2016 as a result
of strategic exit of certain low margin product lines and market weakness in all regions.   
            Subsea communications    Our organic net sales increased 24.8% in fiscal 2016 due to
increased levels of project activity.   
            Appliances    Our organic net sales decreased 1.8% in fiscal 2016 due primarily to
high inventory levels at distributors in the first half of the year and lower demand in the Asia Pacific and Americas regions, partially offset by growth in the EMEA region.    

Net
sales in the Communications Solutions segment increased $122 million, or 4.7%, in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 as a result of organic net sales growth of 8.4%,
partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 3.7%. Our organic net sales by primary industry end market were as follows:  

Data and devices    Our organic net sales decreased 13.6% in fiscal 2015 due to
continued declines in our sales in the feature phone and tablet computer markets, weak demand in the smartphone business, and the exit of certain low margin product lines.   
            Subsea communications    Our organic net sales increased 150.5% in fiscal 2015 as a
result of increased levels of project activity.    
 
  38  

Table of Contents   

Appliances    Our organic net sales increased 2.3% in fiscal 2015 with increased
demand in the EMEA region and a rebound in the U.S. market, partially offset by lower demand in the Asia Pacific region.    

Operating Income.        The following table presents the Communications Solutions segment's operating income and operating margin
information:   

The
Communications Solutions segment's operating income included the following:   

(1)    Includes
pre-tax gain of $144 million on the sale of our CPD business during fiscal 2016.    

Operating
income in the Communications Solutions segment increased $164 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily as a result of the divestiture of the CPD
business. Excluding the items presented in the table above, operating income increased in fiscal 2016 as a result of lower material costs and savings attributable to restructuring actions, partially
offset by the impact of unfavorable product mix, lower volume, and price erosion.   

          In
fiscal 2015, operating income in the Communications Solutions segment increased $75 million as compared to fiscal 2014. Excluding the items presented in the table above,
operating income increased in fiscal 2015, due primarily to improved manufacturing productivity, partially offset by price erosion.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources            

          The following table summarizes our cash flow from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected on the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows:   

Our
ability to fund our future capital needs will be affected by our ability to continue to generate cash from operations and may be affected by our ability to access the capital
markets, money markets, or other sources of funding, as well as the capacity and terms of our financing arrangements. We believe that cash generated from operations and, to the extent necessary, these
other sources of potential funding will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital needs for the foreseeable future. We may use excess cash to purchase a portion of our common shares pursuant to
our authorized share repurchase program; to acquire strategic businesses or product lines; to pay distributions or dividends   

  39  

Table of Contents   

  on
our common shares; or to reduce our outstanding debt, including through the possible repurchase of our debt in accordance with applicable law. The cost or availability of future funding may be
impacted by financial market conditions. We will continue to monitor financial markets and respond as necessary to changing conditions.   

          As
of fiscal year end 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were held in subsidiaries which are located in various countries throughout the world. Under current applicable laws,
substantially all of these amounts can be repatriated to Tyco Electronics Group S.A. ("TEGSA"), our Luxembourg subsidiary, which is the obligor of substantially all of our debt, and to TE
Connectivity Ltd., our Swiss parent
company; however, the repatriation of these amounts could subject us to additional tax expense. We provide for tax liabilities on the Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to amounts that we
expect to repatriate; however, no tax liabilities are recorded for amounts that we consider to be retained indefinitely and reinvested in our global manufacturing operations. As of fiscal year end
2016, we had approximately $6.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and intercompany deposits, principally in our subsidiaries, that we have the ability to distribute to TEGSA and TE
Connectivity Ltd. but we consider to be permanently reinvested. We estimate that up to approximately $1.5 billion of tax expense would be recognized on the Consolidated Financial
Statements if our intention to permanently reinvest these amounts were to change. Our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate cash, cash equivalents, and intercompany deposits that are
designated as permanently reinvested in order to fund our operations, including investing and financing activities.   

Cash Flows from Operating Activities     

          Net cash provided by continuing operating activities was $2,019 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to $1,619 million in fiscal
2015. The increase resulted primarily from favorable effects of changes in accounts receivable and inventory levels, partially offset by an increase in net payments related to pre-separation tax
matters.   

          Net
cash provided by continuing operating activities decreased $185 million to $1,619 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to $1,804 million in fiscal 2014. The
decrease resulted primarily from the unfavorable effects of changes in working capital levels, partially offset by a decrease in net payments related to pre-separation tax matters.   

          Pension
contributions in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 were $67 million, $66 million, and $87 million, respectively. We expect pension contributions to be
$54 million in fiscal 2017, before consideration of any voluntary contributions. There were no voluntary pension contributions in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

          The
amount of income taxes paid, net of refunds, during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $806 million, $350 million, and $259 million, respectively. In fiscal 2016
and 2015, these payments included $471 million and $47 million, respectively, for tax deficiencies related to pre-separation tax matters. Also during fiscal 2016 and 2015, we received
net reimbursements of $321 million and $7 million, respectively, from Tyco International and Covidien pursuant to their indemnifications for pre-separation tax matters. During fiscal
2014, we made net payments of $179 million to Tyco International and Covidien pursuant to our indemnifications for pre-separation tax matters. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information related to pre-separation tax matters.   

          In
addition to net cash provided by operating activities, we use free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as a useful measure of our ability to generate cash. Free cash flow was
$1,585 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to $1,076 million in fiscal 2015 and $1,477 million in fiscal 2014. The increase in free cash flow in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal
2015 was driven primarily by favorable effects of changes in accounts receivable and inventory levels. The decrease in free cash flow in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 was driven primarily by
the changes in net cash provided by continuing operating activities discussed above and higher proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment in fiscal 2014.   

  40  

Table of Contents    

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by continuing operating activities, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to free cash
flow.   

Cash Flows from Investing Activities     

          Capital expenditures were $628 million, $600 million, and $635 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We
expect fiscal 2017 capital spending levels to be approximately 5% of net sales. We believe our capital funding levels are adequate to support new programs, and we continue to invest in our
manufacturing infrastructure to further enhance productivity and manufacturing capabilities.   

          Proceeds
from the sale of property, plant, and equipment for fiscal 2014 included approximately $100 million related to the sale of real estate.   

          During
fiscal 2016, we acquired four businesses, including Creganna, for a combined cash purchase price of $1.3 billion, net of cash acquired. During fiscal 2015, we acquired
Measurement Specialties. The total value paid for the transaction was approximately $1.7 billion, net of cash acquired, and included $225 million for the repayment of Measurement
Specialties' debt and accrued interest. Also during fiscal 2015, we acquired three additional businesses for $241 million in cash, net of cash acquired. During fiscal 2014, we acquired five
businesses for $522 million in cash, net of cash acquired. See additional information in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

          During
fiscal 2016, we received net cash proceeds of $333 million related to the sale of our CPD business. See additional information in Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.   

          During
fiscal 2015, we received net cash proceeds of $3.0 billion related to the sale of our BNS business. See additional information in Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.   

Cash Flows from Financing Activities and Capitalization     

          Total debt at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015 was $4,070 million and $3,884 million, respectively. See Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding debt.   

          During
January 2016, TEGSA, our 100%-owned subsidiary, issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.700% senior notes due February 15, 2026. The notes are TEGSA's
unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and any future senior indebtedness of TEGSA and senior to any subordinated indebtedness that TEGSA may incur.   

TEGSA
has a five-year unsecured senior revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility") with total commitments of $1,500 million. The Credit Facility was amended in December 2015
primarily to extend the maturity date from August 2018 to December 2020. TEGSA had no borrowings under the Credit Facility at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015.   

  41  

Table of Contents   

          The
Credit Facility contains a financial ratio covenant providing that if, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, our ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (as
defined in the Credit Facility) for the then most recently concluded period of four consecutive fiscal quarters exceeds 3.75 to 1.0, an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Facility) is
triggered. The Credit Facility and our other debt agreements contain other customary covenants. None of our covenants are presently considered restrictive to our operations. As of fiscal year end
2016, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants and believe that we will continue to be in compliance with our existing covenants for the foreseeable future.   

Periodically,
TEGSA issues commercial paper to U.S. institutional accredited investors and qualified institutional buyers in accordance with available exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 as part of our ongoing effort to maintain financial flexibility and to potentially decrease the cost of borrowings. Borrowings under the commercial paper
program are backed by the Credit Facility.   

          TEGSA's
payment obligations under its senior notes, commercial paper, and Credit Facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by its parent, TE Connectivity Ltd.   

          Payments
of common share dividends to shareholders were $509 million, $502 million, and $443 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. See Note 18
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding dividends and cash distributions on our common shares.   

          Future
dividends on our common shares or reductions of registered share capital for distribution to shareholders, if any, must be approved by our shareholders. In exercising their
discretion to recommend to the shareholders that such dividends or distributions be approved, our board of directors will consider our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial
condition, statutory requirements of applicable law, contractual restrictions, and other factors that they may deem relevant.   

During
fiscal 2016, our board of directors authorized an increase of $1.0 billion in the share repurchase program. We repurchased approximately 43 million of our common
shares for $2,610 million, 18 million of our common shares for $1,163 million, and 11 million of our common shares for $604 million under the share repurchase
program during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. At fiscal year end 2016, we had $1.1 billion of availability remaining under our share repurchase authorization.   

Commitments and Contingencies            

          The following table provides a summary of our contractual obligations and commitments for debt, minimum lease payment obligations under
non-cancelable leases, and other obligations at fiscal year end 2016:   

(1)    Debt
represents principal payments. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding debt.    

42  

Table of Contents   

(2)    Interest
payments exclude the impact of our interest rate swaps.
      (3)    Purchase
obligations consist primarily of commitments for purchases of goods and services.
      (4)    The
table above does not reflect unrecognized income tax benefits of $490 million and related accrued interest and penalties of $54 million, the timing
of which is uncertain. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding unrecognized income tax benefits, interest, and penalties.
      (5)    The
table above does not reflect pension obligations to certain employees and former employees. We are obligated to make contributions to our pension plans; however,
we are unable to determine the amount of plan contributions due to the inherent uncertainties of obligations of this type, including timing, interest rate charges, investment performance, and amounts
of benefit payments. We expect to contribute $54 million to pension plans in fiscal 2017, before consideration of voluntary contributions. These plans and our estimates of future contributions
and benefit payments are more fully described in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
      (6)    Other
long-term liabilities of $362 million are excluded from the table above as we are unable to estimate the timing of payment for these items.    

Legal Proceedings     

          In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including patent infringement claims, product
liability matters, employment disputes, disputes on agreements, other commercial disputes, environmental matters, antitrust claims, and tax matters, including non-income tax matters such as value
added tax, sales and use tax, real estate tax, and transfer tax. Although it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these proceedings, based upon our experience, current information, and applicable
law, we do not expect that the outcome of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements            

          In certain instances, we have guaranteed the performance of third parties and provided financial guarantees for uncompleted work and financial
commitments. The terms of these guarantees vary with end dates ranging from fiscal 2017 through the completion of such transactions. The guarantees would be triggered in the event of nonperformance,
and the potential exposure for nonperformance under the guarantees would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

          In
disposing of assets or businesses, we often provide representations, warranties, and/or indemnities to cover various risks including unknown damage to assets, environmental risks
involved in the sale of real estate, liability for investigation and remediation of environmental contamination at waste disposal sites and manufacturing facilities, and unidentified tax liabilities
and legal fees related to periods prior to disposition. We do not expect that these uncertainties will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

At
fiscal year end 2016, we had outstanding letters of credit, letters of guarantee, and surety bonds of $324 million.   

          In
the normal course of business, we are liable for contract completion and product performance. In the opinion of management, such obligations will not significantly affect our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

  43  

Table of Contents   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates            

          The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. Our significant accounting policies are
summarized in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following accounting policies are considered to be the most critical as they require significant judgments and assumptions
that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Management's estimates are based on the relevant information available at the end of each period.   

Revenue Recognition     

          Our revenue recognition policies are in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 605,    Revenue
Recognition   . Our revenues are generated principally from the sale of our products. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized at the time title and the risks and rewards
of ownership pass to the customer. This generally occurs when the products reach the shipping point, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. A reserve for
estimated returns is established at the time of sale based on historical return experience and is recorded as a reduction of sales. Other allowances include customer quantity and price discrepancies.
A reserve for other allowances is generally established at the time of sale based on historical experience and also is recorded as a reduction of sales.   

          Contract
revenues for construction related projects, which are generated in the Communications Solutions segment, are recorded primarily using the percentage-of-completion method.
Profits recognized on contracts in process are based upon estimated contract revenue and related cost to complete. Percentage-of-completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to
total
estimated costs. Revisions in cost estimates as contracts progress have the effect of increasing or decreasing profits in the current period. Provisions for anticipated losses are made in the period
in which they first become determinable. In addition, provisions for credit losses related to construction related projects are recorded as reductions of revenue in the period in which they first
become determinable.   

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets     

          Intangible assets include both indeterminable-lived residual goodwill and determinable-lived identifiable intangible assets. Intangible assets
with a determinable life primarily include intellectual property, consisting of patents, trademarks, and unpatented technology, as well as customer relationships. Recoverability estimates range from 1
to 50 years and costs are generally amortized on a straight-line basis. An evaluation of the remaining useful life of determinable-lived intangible assets is performed on a periodic basis and
when events and circumstances warrant an evaluation.   

          We
test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is generally an operating segment or one level below an operating segment that constitutes a business for
which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. At fiscal year end 2016, we had six reporting units, five of which contained goodwill. There were two
reporting units in each of our three segments. When changes occur in the composition of one or more reporting units, goodwill is reassigned to the reporting units affected based on their relative fair
values. We review our reporting unit structure each year as part of our annual goodwill impairment test, or more frequently based on changes in our structure.   

Goodwill
impairment is evaluated by comparing the carrying value of each reporting unit to its fair value on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of each year or whenever we
believe a triggering event requiring a more frequent assessment has occurred. In assessing the existence of a triggering event, management relies on a number of reporting unit-specific factors
including operating results,   

  44  

Table of Contents   

  business
plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, transactions, and market place data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in
applying these factors to the impairment analysis.   

          When
testing for goodwill impairment, we perform a step I goodwill impairment test to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill may be impaired and a step II goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. In
the step II goodwill impairment test, we compare the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds
the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner consistent with how goodwill is
recognized in a business combination. We allocate the fair value of a reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit, including intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been
acquired in a business combination. Any excess of the fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.   

Fair
value estimates used in the step I goodwill impairment tests are calculated using an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit. The
income approach generally has been supported by guideline analyses (a market approach). These approaches incorporate a number of assumptions including future growth rates, discount rates, income tax
rates, and market activity in assessing fair value and are reporting unit specific. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in
future periods.   

We
completed our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and determined that no impairment existed.   

Income Taxes     

          In determining income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments affect the
calculation of certain tax liabilities and the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the income tax return and financial
statement recognition of revenue and expense.   

          In
evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative
losses in the most recent years, and our forecast of taxable income. In estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future state, federal, and non-U.S. pre-tax
operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of
taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses.   

We
currently have recorded significant valuation allowances that we intend to maintain until it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be realized. Our income tax expense
recorded in the future will be reduced to the extent of decreases in our valuation allowances. The realization of our remaining deferred tax assets is dependent primarily on future taxable income in
the appropriate jurisdictions. Any reduction in future taxable income including any future restructuring activities may require that we record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred
tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in such period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings.   

Changes
in tax laws and rates also could affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect
on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

  45  

Table of Contents   

          In
addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities includes estimates for uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we
conduct our operations. Under the uncertain tax position provisions of ASC 740,    Income Taxes   , we recognize liabilities for tax and related interest for
issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and related interest will be due. These tax liabilities and related interest
are reflected net of the impact of related tax loss carryforwards, as such tax loss carryforwards will be applied against these tax liabilities and will reduce the amount of cash tax payments due upon
the eventual settlement with the tax authorities. These estimates may change due to changing facts and circumstances. Due to the complexity of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result
in a settlement that differs from our current estimate of the tax liabilities and related interest. These tax liabilities and related interest are recorded in income taxes and accrued and other
current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.   

Pension     

          Our defined benefit pension plan expense and obligations are developed from actuarial assumptions. The funded status of our plans is recognized
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation at the measurement date. The projected benefit
obligation represents the actuarial present value of benefits projected to be paid upon retirement factoring in estimated future compensation levels. The fair value of plan assets represents the
current market value of cumulative company and participant contributions made to irrevocable trust funds, held for the sole benefit of participants, which are invested by the trustee of the funds. The
benefits under our defined benefit pension plans are based on various factors, such as years of service and compensation.   

          Net
periodic pension benefit cost is based on the utilization of the projected unit credit method of calculation and is charged to earnings on a systematic basis over the expected
average remaining service lives of current participants.   

          Two
critical assumptions in determining pension expense and obligations are the discount rate and expected long-term return on plan assets. We evaluate these assumptions at least
annually. Other assumptions reflect demographic factors such as retirement, mortality, and employee turnover. These assumptions are evaluated periodically and updated to reflect our actual experience.
Actual results may differ from actuarial assumptions. The discount rate represents the market rate for high-quality fixed income investments and is used to calculate the present value of the expected
future cash flows for benefit obligations to be paid under our pension plans. A decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of pension benefit obligations. At fiscal year end 2016, a
25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would have increased the present value of our pension obligations by $127 million; a 25 basis point increase would have decreased the
present value of our pension obligations by $113 million. We consider the current and expected asset allocations of our pension plans, as well as historical and expected long-term rates of
return on those types of plan assets, in determining the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. A 50 basis point decrease or increase in the expected long-term return on plan assets would
have increased or decreased, respectively, our fiscal 2016 pension expense by $10 million.   

          The
long-term target asset allocation in our U.S. plans' master trust is 10% equity and 90% fixed income. Asset re-allocation to meet that target is occurring over a multi-year period
based on the funded status, as defined by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the "Pension Act Funded Status"), of the U.S. plans' master trust and market conditions. We expect to reach our target
allocation when the Pension Act Funded Status exceeds 105%. Based on the Pension Act Funded Status as of fiscal year end 2016, our target asset allocation is 45% equity and 55% fixed income.   

  46  

Table of Contents    

Accounting Pronouncements            

          See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recently issued and recently adopted accounting
pronouncements.   

Non-GAAP Financial Measures            

          Organic net sales growth and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures and should not be considered replacements for results in accordance with GAAP.
These non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. The primary limitation of these measures is that they exclude the financial impact of items that
would otherwise either increase
or decrease our reported results. This limitation is best addressed by using these non-GAAP measures in combination with the most directly comparable GAAP measures in order to better understand the
amounts, character, and impact of any increase or decrease in reported amounts. The following provides additional information regarding these non-GAAP measures.   

Organic Net Sales Growth     

          Organic net sales growth is a useful measure of our underlying results and trends in the business. It is also a significant component in our
incentive compensation plans. The difference between reported net sales growth (the most comparable GAAP measure) and organic net sales growth consists of the impact from foreign currency exchange
rates, and acquisitions and divestitures, if any. Organic net sales growth is a useful measure of our performance because it excludes items that are not completely under management's control, such as
the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and items that do not reflect the underlying growth of the company, such as acquisition and divestiture activity. Management uses organic net
sales growth to monitor and evaluate performance. Also, management uses organic net sales growth together with GAAP measures such as net sales growth and operating income in its decision making
processes related to the operations of our reportable segments and our overall company. We believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in
evaluating operations. The tables presented in "Results of Operations" and "Segment Results" above provide reconciliations of organic net sales growth to net sales growth calculated under GAAP.   

Free Cash Flow     

          Free cash flow is a useful measure of our ability to generate cash. The difference between net cash provided by continuing operating activities
(the most comparable GAAP measure) and free cash flow consists mainly of significant cash outflows and inflows that we believe are useful to identify. We believe free cash flow provides useful
information to investors as it provides insight into the primary cash flow metric used by management to monitor and evaluate cash flows generated from our operations.   

          Free
cash flow is defined as net cash provided by continuing operating activities excluding voluntary pension contributions and the cash impact of special items, if any, minus net
capital expenditures. Voluntary pension contributions are excluded because this activity is driven by economic financing decisions rather than operating activity. Certain special items, including net
payments related to pre-separation tax matters, are also excluded by management in evaluating free cash flow. Net capital expenditures consist of capital expenditures less proceeds from the sale of
property, plant, and equipment. These items are subtracted because they represent long-term commitments.   

          In
the calculation of free cash flow, we subtract certain cash items that are ultimately within management's and the board of directors' discretion to direct and may imply that there is
less or more cash available for our programs than the most comparable GAAP measure indicates. It should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for future discretionary
expenditures, as our   

  47  

Table of Contents   

  definition
of free cash flow does not consider certain non-discretionary expenditures, such as debt payments. In addition, we may have other discretionary expenditures, such as discretionary
dividends, share repurchases, and business acquisitions, that are not considered in the calculation of free cash flow.   

The
tables presented in "Liquidity and Capital Resources" above provide reconciliations of free cash flow to cash flows from continuing operating activities calculated under GAAP.   

Forward-Looking Information            

          Certain statements in this Annual Report are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include, among others, the
information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, potential growth opportunities, potential operating performance
improvements, acquisitions, divestitures, the effects of competition, and the effects of future legislation or regulations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical
facts and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "may,"
"should," or the negative of these terms or similar expressions.   

          Forward-looking
statements involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not
put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we file this report except as required by law.   

          The
following and other risks, which are described in greater detail in "Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors," as well as other risks described in this Annual Report, could cause
our results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements:  

conditions in the global or regional economies and global capital markets, and cyclical industry conditions (including as a result of the
impact of the proposed exit of the United Kingdom from the EU);   
            conditions affecting demand for products in the industries we serve, particularly the automotive industry;    
            competition and pricing pressure;   
            market acceptance of our new product introductions and product innovations and product life cycles;   
            raw material availability, quality, and cost;   
            fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;   
            financial condition and consolidation of customers and vendors;   
            reliance on third-party suppliers;   
            risks associated with current and future acquisitions and divestitures;   
            global risks of business interruptions such as natural disasters and political, economic, and military instability;    
            risks associated with security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure;    
 
  48  

Table of Contents   

risks related to compliance with current and future environmental and other laws and regulations;   
            our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;   
            risks of litigation;   
            our ability to operate within the limitations imposed by our debt instruments;   
            the possible effects on us of various U.S. and non-U.S. legislative proposals and other initiatives that, if adopted, could materially increase
our worldwide corporate effective tax rate and negatively impact our U.S. government contracts business;   
            various risks associated with being a Swiss corporation;   
            the impact of fluctuations in the market price of our shares; and   
            the impact of certain provisions of our articles of association on unsolicited takeover proposals.    

There
may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business.   

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK            

          In the normal course of business, our financial position is routinely subject to a variety of risks, including market risks associated with
interest rate and currency movements on outstanding debt and non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities and commodity price
movements. We utilize established risk management policies and procedures in executing derivative financial instrument transactions to manage a portion of these risks.   

          We
do not execute transactions or hold derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Substantially all counterparties to derivative financial instruments are
limited to major financial institutions with at least an A/A2 credit rating. There is no significant concentration of exposures with any one counterparty.   

Foreign Currency Exposures     

          As part of managing the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we utilize cross-currency swap contracts, foreign currency
forward contracts, and foreign currency swap contracts, a portion of which are designated as cash flow hedges. The objective of these contracts is to minimize impacts to cash flows and profitability
due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany and other cash transactions. A 10% appreciation or depreciation of the underlying currency in our cross-currency swap contracts,
foreign currency forward contracts, or foreign currency swap contracts from the fiscal year end 2016 market rates would have changed the unrealized value of our contracts by $112 million. A 10%
appreciation or depreciation of the underlying currency in our cross-currency swap contracts, foreign currency forward contracts, or foreign currency swap contracts from the fiscal year end 2015
market rates would have changed the unrealized value of our contracts by $109 million. Such gains or losses on these contracts would generally be offset by the losses or gains on the
revaluation or settlement of the underlying transactions.   

Interest Rate and Investment Exposures     

          We issue debt, as needed, to fund our operations and capital requirements. Such borrowings can result in interest rate exposure. To manage the
interest rate exposure, we use interest rate swaps to convert a portion of fixed-rate debt into variable-rate debt. We use forward starting interest rate swaps and options to enter into interest rate
swaps to manage interest rate exposure in periods prior to the   

  49  

Table of Contents   

  anticipated
issuance of fixed-rate debt. We also utilize investment swaps to manage earnings exposure on certain nonqualified deferred compensation liabilities.   

Based
on our floating rate debt balances of approximately $300 million at fiscal year end 2016 and $800 million at fiscal year end 2015, an increase in the levels of the
U.S. dollar interest rates by 0.5%, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in an increase of annual interest expense of approximately $2 million and $4 million in
fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Commodity Exposures     

          Our worldwide operations and product lines may expose us to risks from fluctuations in commodity prices. To limit the effects of fluctuations in
the future market price paid and related volatility in cash flows, we utilize commodity swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges. We continually evaluate the commodity market with respect to our
forecasted usage requirements over the next eighteen months and periodically enter into commodity swap contracts in order to hedge a portion of usage requirements over that period. At fiscal year end
2016, our commodity hedges, which related to expected purchases of gold, silver, and copper, were in a net gain position of $11 million and had a notional value of $232 million. At
fiscal year end 2015, our commodity hedges, which related to expected purchases of gold, silver, and copper, were in a net loss position of $33 million and had a notional value of
$260 million. A 10% appreciation or depreciation of the price of a troy ounce of gold, a troy ounce of silver, and a pound of copper, from the fiscal year end 2016 prices would have changed the
unrealized value of our forward contracts by $24 million. A 10% appreciation or depreciation of the price of a troy ounce of gold, a troy ounce of silver, and a pound of copper, from the fiscal
year end 2015 prices would have changed the unrealized value of our forward contracts by $23 million.   

          See
Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding financial instruments.    

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA            

The following Consolidated Financial Statements and schedule specified by this Item, together with the reports thereon of Deloitte  
Touche LLP, are presented following Item 15 and the signature pages of this report:   

          Financial
Statements:   

Reports
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

  Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014   

Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014   

  Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015   

  Consolidated
Statements of Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014   

  Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014   

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Financial
Statement Schedule:   

Schedule II Valuation
and Qualifying Accounts   

50  

Table of Contents   

          All
other financial statements and schedules have been omitted since the information required to be submitted has been included on the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes
or because they are either not applicable or not required under the rules of Regulation S-X.    

ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES            

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

          Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.   

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     

          Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in    Internal Control Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016.   

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate.   

          Deloitte  
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2016, which is included in this Annual Report.   

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     

          During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

  51  

Table of Contents    

PART III            

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            

Information concerning directors, executive officers, and corporate governance may be found under the captions "Agenda Item
No. 1 Election of Directors," "Nominees for Election," "Corporate Governance," "The Board of Directors and Board Committees," and "Executive Officers" in our definitive proxy
statement for our 2017 Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders (the "2017 Proxy Statement"), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. The
information in the 2017 Proxy Statement set forth under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" is incorporated herein by reference.   

Code of Ethics     

          We have adopted a guide to ethical conduct, which applies to all of our employees, officers, and directors. Our Guide to Ethical Conduct meets
the requirements of a "code of ethics" as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K and applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, as well
as all other employees and directors, as indicated above. Our Guide to Ethical Conduct also meets the requirements of a code of business conduct and ethics under the listing standards of the NYSE. Our
Guide to Ethical Conduct is posted on our website at    www.te.com    under the heading "Corporate Responsibility Governance Guide to
Ethical Conduct." We also will provide a copy of our Guide to Ethical Conduct to shareholders upon request. We intend to disclose any amendments to our Guide to Ethical Conduct, as well as any waivers
for executive officers or directors, on our website.    

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION            

          Information concerning executive compensation may be found under the captions "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Management Development
and Compensation Committee Report," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Executive Officer Compensation," and "Compensation of Non-Employee Directors" in our 2017 Proxy
Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.    

ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS            

The information in our 2017 Proxy Statement set forth under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" is
incorporated herein by reference.   

  52  

Table of Contents   

Equity Compensation Plan Information     

The following table provides information as of fiscal year end 2016 with respect to common shares issuable under our equity compensation plans
or equity compensation plans of Tyco International prior to the separation:   

(1)    The
TE Connectivity Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the "2007 Plan"), provides for the award of annual performance bonuses and
long-term performance awards, including share options; restricted, performance, and deferred share units; and other share-based awards (collectively, "Awards") to board members, officers, and
non-officer employees. The 2007 Plan provides for a maximum of 59,843,452 common shares to be issued as Awards, subject to adjustment as provided under the terms of the 2007 Plan.
      (2)    Includes
common shares that may be issued by TE Connectivity pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement under share option awards to current and former
employees and directors of Tyco International, which may include individuals currently or formerly employed by or serving with TE Connectivity, Tyco International, or Covidien subsequent to the
separation.
      (3)    In
connection with the acquisition of ADC in fiscal 2011, we assumed equity awards issued under plans sponsored by ADC and the remaining pool of shares available for
grant under the plans. Subsequent to the acquisition, we registered 6,764,455 shares related to the plans via Forms S-3 and S-8 and renamed the primary ADC plan the TE Connectivity Ltd.
2010 Stock and Incentive Plan (the "2010 Plan"). Grants under the 2010 Plan are settled in TE Connectivity common shares.
      (4)    Does
not take into account restricted, performance, or deferred share unit awards that do not have exercise prices.
      (5)    The
2007 Plan and the 2010 Plan apply weightings of 1.80 and 1.21, respectively, to outstanding nonvested restricted, performance, and deferred share units. The
remaining shares issuable under both the 2007 Plan and the 2010 Plan are increased by forfeitures and cancellations, among other factors.    

53  

Table of Contents   

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE            

          The information in our 2017 Proxy Statement set forth under the captions "Corporate Governance," "The Board of Directors and Board Committees,"
and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" is incorporated herein by reference.    

ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES            

The information in our 2017 Proxy Statement set forth under the caption "Agenda Item No. 7 Election of
Auditors Agenda Item No. 7.1" is incorporated herein by reference.   

  54  

Table of Contents    

PART IV            

ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES            

(a)    1.     Financial
Statements. See Item 8.

2.    Financial
Statement Schedule. See Item 8.
      3.    Exhibit
Index:    

55  

Table of Contents   

Incorporated by Reference Herein    

Exhibit 
Number    

Description    
     
   Form    
     
   Exhibit    
     
   Filing Date    

4.1(g  
  )  

Ninth Supplemental Indenture among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., TE Connectivity Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, dated as of July 31, 2014  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

4.1  
     
  July 31, 2014  

4.1(h  
  )  

Tenth Supplemental Indenture among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., TE Connectivity Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, dated July 31, 2014  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

4.2  
     
  July 31, 2014  

4.1(i  
  )  

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., TE Connectivity Ltd. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, dated as of February 27, 2015  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

4.1  
     
  February 27, 2015  

4.1(j  
  )  

Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., as issuer, TE Connectivity Ltd., as guarantor, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, dated as of January 28,
2016  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

4.1  
     
  January 28, 2016  

10.1  

Tax Sharing Agreement among Tyco International Ltd., Covidien Ltd. and Tyco Electronics Ltd., dated as of June 29, 2007  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.1  
     
  July 5, 2007  

10.2  

Five-Year Senior Credit Agreement among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., as borrower, TE Connectivity Ltd., as guarantor, the lenders parties thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent,
dated as of June 24, 2011  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.1  
     
  June 27, 2011  

10.3  

First Amendment to the Five-Year Senior Credit Agreement dated as of August 2, 2013 among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., as borrower, TE Connectivity Ltd., as guarantor, the lenders parties thereto and
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.1  
     
  August 2, 2013  

10.4  

Second Amendment to the Five-Year Senior Credit Agreement dated as of December 9, 2015 by and among Tyco Electronics Group S.A., as borrower, TE Connectivity Ltd., as guarantor, the lenders parties thereto,
and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as existing administrative agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.1  
     
  December 9, 2015  

10.5  
     
   *  
     
  TE Connectivity Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan (as amended and restated)  

10.6  

TE Connectivity Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated)  
     
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2012  

10.4  
     
  November 13, 2012  

10.7  

Form of Founders' Grant Option Award Terms and Conditions  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.7  
     
  July 5, 2007  

10.8  

Form of Option Award Terms and Conditions  
     
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 24, 2010  

10.3  
     
  January 24, 2011  

56  

Table of Contents   

57  

Table of Contents   

Incorporated by Reference Herein    

Exhibit 
Number    

Description    
     
   Form    
     
   Exhibit    
     
   Filing Date    

10.23  

Employment Agreement between Steven T. Merkt and Tyco Electronics Corporation dated December 15, 2015  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.6  
     
  December 16, 2015  

10.24  

Employment Agreement between Heath A. Mitts and Tyco Electronics Corporation dated September 30, 2016  
     
  Current Report on Form 8-K  

10.1  
     
  October 3, 2016  

21.1  
     
  *  
     
  Subsidiaries of TE Connectivity Ltd.  

23.1  
     
  *  
     
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

24.1  
     
  *  
     
  Power of Attorney  

31.1  
     
  *  
     
  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  
     
  *  
     
  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  
     
  **  
     
  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101  
     
  *  
     
  Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TE Connectivity Ltd. for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, filed on November 15, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated
Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and
(vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The
schedules to the Share Purchase Agreement have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We will
furnish copies of such schedules to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that we may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for any
schedule so furnished.
           Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
      *    Filed
herewith
      **    Furnished
herewith    

58  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES            

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.  

By:  
     
      /s/ HEATH A. MITTS 

Heath A. Mitts     Executive Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:
November 15, 2016   

          Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.   

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ THOMAS J. LYNCH 

Thomas J. Lynch  
     
  Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer)  
     
  November 15, 2016  

/s/ TERRENCE R.CURTIN 

Terrence R. Curtin  
      
   President and Director  
      
   November 15, 2016  

/s/ HEATH A. MITTS 

Heath A. Mitts  
      
   Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)  
      
   November 15, 2016  

/s/ ROBERT J. OTT 

Robert J. Ott  
      
   Senior Vice President and 
Corporate Controller 
(Principal Accounting Officer)  
      
   November 15, 2016  

* 

Pierre R. Brondeau  
      
   Director  
      
   November 15, 2016  

* 

Carol A. Davidson  
      
   Director  
      
   November 15, 2016  

59  

Table of Contents   

*    John
S. Jenkins, Jr., by signing his name hereto, does sign this document on behalf of the above noted individuals, pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by
such individuals, which have been filed as Exhibit 24.1 to this Report.     

By:  
     
  /s/ JOHN S. JENKINS, JR. 

John S. Jenkins, Jr.     Attorney-in-fact   

60  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.            

           INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            

61  

Table of Contents    

      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM     

  To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of TE Connectivity Ltd.:   

          We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TE Connectivity Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016 and September 25,
2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2016. Our audits
also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.   

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          In
our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and
September 25, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.   

          We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in    Internal Control Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.   

  /s/
Deloitte   Touche LLP   

  Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
November 15, 2016   

  62  

Table of Contents    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM            

  To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of TE Connectivity Ltd.:   

          We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of TE Connectivity Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria
established in    Internal Control Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.   

          We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

          Because
of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

          In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established
in    Internal Control Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.   

          We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated   

  63  

Table of Contents   

November 15,
2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule.   

  /s/
Deloitte   Touche LLP   

  Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
November 15, 2016   

  64  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     

    Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014     

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  65  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     

    Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014     

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  66  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     

    As of September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015     

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  67  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY     

    Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014     

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  68  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     

    Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014     

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  69  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     

1. Basis of Presentation     

The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the consolidated operations of TE Connectivity Ltd. and its subsidiaries and have been prepared in United States ("U.S.") dollars in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP").   

Description of the Business      

TE Connectivity Ltd. ("TE Connectivity" or the "Company," which may be referred to as "we," "us," or "our") is a global technology
leader. We design and manufacture connectivity and sensor solutions that are essential in today's increasingly connected world. We help our customers solve the need for intelligent, efficient, and
high-performing products and solutions.   

          We
operate through three reportable segments:   

Transportation Solutions.     The Transportation Solutions segment is a leader
in connectivity and sensor technologies. Our products, which must withstand harsh conditions, are used in the automotive, commercial transportation, and sensors markets.     
             Industrial Solutions.     The Industrial Solutions segment is a leading
supplier of products that connect and distribute power, data, and signals. Our products are used in the industrial equipment; aerospace, defense, oil, and gas; and energy markets.     
             Communications Solutions.     The Communications Solutions segment is a leading
supplier of electronic components for the data and devices and appliances markets. We are also a leader in developing, manufacturing, installing, and maintaining some of the world's most advanced
subsea fiber optic communications systems.    

Use of Estimates      

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Significant estimates in these
Consolidated Financial Statements include
restructuring and other charges, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions, allowances for doubtful accounts receivable, estimates of future cash flows and discount rates associated with
asset impairments, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, loss contingencies, net realizable value of inventories, estimated contract revenue and related costs, legal contingencies, tax
reserves and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, and the determination of discount and other rate assumptions for pension benefit cost. Actual results could differ materially from these
estimates.   

Fiscal Year      

We have a 52 or 53-week fiscal year that ends on the last Friday of September. For fiscal years in which there are 53 weeks, the fourth
quarter reporting period includes 14 weeks. Fiscal 2016 was a 53 week year and ended on September 30, 2016. Fiscal 2015 and 2014 were 52 weeks in length and ended on
September 25, 2015 and September 26, 2014, respectively.   

  70  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

Principles of Consolidation      

We consolidate entities in which we own or control more than 50% of the voting shares or otherwise have the ability to control through similar
rights. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. The results of companies acquired or disposed of are included on the Consolidated Financial Statements from the effective date of
acquisition or up to the date of disposal.   

Revenue Recognition      

Our revenues are generated principally from the sale of our products. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized at the time title and the
risks and rewards of ownership pass to the customer. This generally occurs when the products reach the shipping point, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured.   

Contract
revenues for construction related projects, which are generated in the Communications Solutions segment, are recorded primarily using the percentage-of-completion method.
Profits recognized on contracts in process are based upon estimated contract revenue and related cost to complete. Percentage-of-completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to
total estimated costs. Revisions in cost estimates as contracts progress have the effect of increasing or decreasing profits in the current period. Provisions for anticipated losses are made in the
period in which they first become determinable. In addition, provisions for credit losses related to construction related projects are recorded as reductions of revenue in the period in which they
first become determinable.   

          We
generally warrant that our products will conform to our, or mutually agreed to, specifications and that our products will be free from material defects in materials and workmanship
for a limited time. We limit our warranty to the replacement or repair of defective parts, or a refund or credit of the price of the defective product. We accept returned goods only when the customer
makes a verified claim and we have authorized the return. Generally, a reserve for estimated returns is established at the time of sale based on historical return experience and is recorded as a
reduction of sales.   

          Additionally,
certain of our long-term contracts in the Communications Solutions segment have warranty obligations. Estimated warranty costs for each contract are determined based on the
contract terms and technology-specific considerations. These costs are included in total estimated contract costs and are accrued over the construction period of the respective contracts under
percentage-of-completion accounting.   

          We
provide certain distributors with an inventory allowance for returns or scrap equal to a percentage of qualified purchases. A reserve for estimated returns and scrap allowances is
established at the time of the sale, based on an agreed upon fixed percentage of sales to distributors, and is recorded as a reduction of sales.   

          Other
allowances include customer quantity and price discrepancies. A reserve for other allowances is generally established at the time of sale based on historical experience and is
recorded as a reduction of sales. We believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate the amounts of future allowances.   

  71  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Inventories      

Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or market value using the first-in, first-out cost method, except for inventoried costs incurred
in the performance of long-term contracts primarily by the Communications Solutions segment.   

Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net      

Property, plant, and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Maintenance and repair expenditures are charged to expense
when incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are 10 to 20 years for land improvements, 5 to 40 years for
buildings and improvements, and 1 to 15 years for machinery and equipment.   

          We
periodically evaluate, when events and circumstances warrant, the net realizable value of property, plant, and equipment and other long-lived assets, relying on a number of factors
including operating results, business plans, economic projections, and anticipated future cash flows. When indicators of potential impairment are present, the carrying values of the asset group are
evaluated in relation to the operating performance and estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying asset group.
Impairment of the carrying value is recognized whenever anticipated future undiscounted cash flow estimates are less than the carrying value of the asset. Fair value estimates are based on assumptions
concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and discount rates, reflecting varying degrees of perceived risk.   

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets      

Intangible assets include both indeterminable-lived residual goodwill and determinable-lived identifiable intangible assets. Intangible assets
with a determinable life primarily include intellectual property, consisting of patents, trademarks, and unpatented technology, as well as customer relationships. Recoverability estimates range from 1
to 50 years and costs are generally amortized on a straight-line basis. An evaluation of the remaining useful life of determinable-lived intangible assets is performed on a periodic basis and
when events and circumstances warrant an evaluation.   

          At
fiscal year end 2016, we had six reporting units, five of which contained goodwill. There were two reporting units in each of our three segments. When changes occur in the composition
of one or more reporting units, goodwill is reassigned to the reporting units affected based on their relative fair values.   

Goodwill
impairment is evaluated by comparing the carrying value of each reporting unit to its fair value on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of each year or whenever we
believe a triggering event requiring a more frequent assessment has occurred. In assessing the existence of a triggering event, management relies on a number of reporting unit-specific factors
including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, transactions, and market place data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and
management's judgment in applying these factors to the impairment analysis.   

          When
testing for goodwill impairment, we perform a step I goodwill impairment test to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill may be impaired and a step II   

  72  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

  goodwill
impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. In the step II goodwill impairment test, we compare the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the
carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.
The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner consistent with how goodwill is recognized in a business combination. We allocate the fair value of a reporting unit to all of the assets
and liabilities of that unit, including intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Any excess of the fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts
assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.   

          Fair
value estimates used in the step I goodwill impairment tests are calculated using an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit. The
income approach generally has been supported by guideline analyses (a market approach). These approaches incorporate a number of assumptions including future growth rates, discount rates, income tax
rates, and market activity in assessing fair value and are reporting unit specific. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in
future periods.   

Research and Development      

Research and development expenditures are expensed when incurred and are included in research, development, and engineering expenses on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Research and development expenses include salaries, direct costs incurred, and building and overhead expenses. The amounts expensed in fiscal 2016, 2015, and
2014 were $566 million, $540 million, and $484 million, respectively.   

Income Taxes      

Income taxes are computed in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740,    Income
Taxes   . Deferred tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reflected on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the differences between the book and tax bases of particular assets and liabilities and operating loss carryforwards using tax rates in
effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided to offset deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not
that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.   

          The
calculation of our tax liabilities includes estimates for uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our
operations. Under the
uncertain tax position provisions of ASC 740, we recognize liabilities for tax and related interest for issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent
to which, additional taxes and related interest will be due. These tax liabilities and related interest are reflected net of the impact of related tax loss carryforwards, as such tax loss
carryforwards will be applied against these tax liabilities and will reduce the amount of cash tax payments due upon the eventual settlement with the tax authorities. These estimates may change due to
changing facts and circumstances. Due to the complexity of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a settlement that differs from our current estimate of the tax liabilities and
related interest.   

  73  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Financial Instruments      

Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, debt, and derivative financial
instruments.   

          We
account for derivative financial instrument contracts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. For instruments not designated as hedges under ASC 815,     Derivatives and Hedging   , the changes in
the instruments' fair value are recognized currently in earnings. For instruments designated as cash flow
hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which
the underlying hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of a cash flow hedge, including amounts excluded from the hedging relationship, are recognized currently in earnings. Changes in the
fair value of instruments designated as fair value hedges affect the carrying value of the asset or liability hedged, with changes in both the derivative instrument and the hedged asset or liability
being recognized currently in earnings.   

          We
determine the fair value of our financial instruments by using methods and assumptions that are based on market conditions and risks existing at each balance sheet date. Standard
market conventions are used to determine the fair value of financial instruments, including derivatives.   

          The
cash flows related to derivative financial instruments are reported in the operating activities section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.   

          Our
derivative financial instruments present certain market and counterparty risks. Concentration of counterparty risk is mitigated, however, by our use of financial institutions
worldwide, substantially all of which have long-term Standard   Poor's, Moody's, and/or Fitch credit ratings of A/A2 or higher. In addition, we utilize only conventional derivative financial
instruments. We are exposed to potential losses if a counterparty fails to perform according to the terms of its agreement. With respect to counterparty net asset positions recognized at fiscal year
end 2016, we have assessed the likelihood of counterparty default as remote. We currently provide guarantees from a wholly-owned subsidiary to the counterparties to our commodity swap derivatives and
exchange cash collateral with the counterparties to our cross-currency swap contracts. The likelihood of performance on the guarantees has been assessed as remote. For all other derivative financial
instruments, we are not required to provide, nor do we require counterparties to provide, collateral or other security.   

Fair Value Measurements      

ASC 820,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   , specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon
the observable inputs utilized in valuation of certain assets and liabilities. Observable inputs (highest level) reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs
(lowest level) reflect internally developed market assumptions. Fair value measurements are classified under the following hierarchy:   

Level 1.     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and
liabilities.     
             Level 2.     Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and
liabilities, or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.    
 
  74  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Level 3.     Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flows methodologies, and similar techniques that use
significant unobservable inputs.    

Financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are generally valued using level 2 inputs.   

Financial
instruments other than derivative instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and debt. These instruments are recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at book value. For cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, we believe book value approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these
instruments. See Note 11 for disclosure of the fair value of debt. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the respective financial
instruments:   

Cash and cash equivalents.     Cash and cash equivalents are valued at book
value, which we consider to be equivalent to unadjusted quoted prices (level 1).     
             Accounts receivable.     Accounts receivable are valued based on the net value
expected to be realized. The net realizable value generally represents an observable contractual agreement (level 2).     
             Accounts payable.     Accounts payable are valued based on the net value
expected to be paid, generally supported by an observable contractual agreement (level 2).     
             Debt.     The fair value of debt, including both current and non-current
maturities, is derived from quoted market prices or other pricing determinations based on the results of market approach valuation models using observable market data such as recently reported trades,
bid and offer information, and benchmark securities (level 2).    

Pension      

The funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is measured as the difference
between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation at the measurement date. The projected benefit obligation represents the actuarial present value of benefits projected to be
paid upon retirement factoring in estimated future compensation levels. The fair value of plan assets represents the current market value of cumulative company and participant contributions made to
irrevocable trust funds, held for the sole benefit of participants, which are invested by the trustee of the funds. The benefits under our defined benefit pension plans are based on various factors,
such as years of service and compensation.   

          Net
periodic pension benefit cost is based on the utilization of the projected unit credit method of calculation and is charged to earnings on a systematic basis over the expected
average remaining service lives of current participants.   

          The
measurement of benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost is based on estimates and assumptions determined by our management. These valuations reflect the terms of the plans
and use participant-specific information such as compensation, age, and years of service, as well as certain assumptions, including estimates of discount rates, expected return on plan assets, rate of
compensation increases, interest crediting rates, and mortality rates.   

  75  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Share-Based Compensation      

We determine the fair value of share awards on the date of grant. Share options are valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model;
restricted share awards and performance awards are valued using our end-of-day share price on the date of grant. The fair value is expensed ratably over the expected service period, with an allowance
made for estimated forfeitures based on historical employee activity. Estimates regarding the attainment of performance criteria are reviewed periodically; the cumulative impact of a change in
estimate regarding the attainment of performance criteria is recorded in the period in which that change is made.   

Earnings Per Share      

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the basic weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings
per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for the potentially dilutive impact of share-based compensation arrangements.   

Currency Translation      

For our non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using fiscal year end exchange
rates. Sales and expenses are translated at average monthly exchange rates. Foreign currency translation gains and losses are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
within equity.   

          Gains
and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions, which are included in earnings, were immaterial in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

Restructuring Charges      

Restructuring activities involve employee-related termination costs, facility exit costs, and asset impairments resulting from
reductions-in-force, migration of facilities or product lines from higher-cost to lower-cost countries, or consolidation of facilities within countries. We recognize termination costs based on
requirements established by severance policy, government law, or previous actions. Facility exit costs generally reflect the cost to terminate a facility lease before the end of its term (measured at
fair value at the time we cease using the facility) or costs that will continue to be incurred under the facility lease without future economic benefit to us. Restructuring activities often result in
the disposal or abandonment of assets that require an acceleration of depreciation or impairment reflecting the excess of the assets' carrying values over fair value.   

          The
recognition of restructuring costs require that we make certain judgments and estimates regarding the nature, timing, and amount of costs associated with the planned exit activity.
To the extent our
actual results differ from our estimates and assumptions, we may be required to revise the estimated liabilities, requiring the recognition of additional restructuring costs or the reduction of
liabilities already recognized. At the end of each reporting period, we evaluate the remaining accrued balances to ensure these balances are properly stated and the utilization of the reserves are for
their intended purpose in accordance with developed exit plans.   

  76  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Acquisitions      

We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires, among other things, that most assets
acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values, or as required by ASC 805,    Business Combinations   . The excess of the purchase price over the
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. We may engage independent third-party appraisal firms to assist us in determining the fair values of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets.   

Contingent Liabilities      

We record a loss contingency when the available information indicates it is probable that we have incurred a liability and the amount of the
loss is reasonably estimable. When a range of possible losses with equal likelihood exists, we record the low end of the range. The likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is
often difficult to predict, and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on information available. In addition, it is not uncommon for such matters
to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must continuously be evaluated to determine whether a loss is probable and a reasonable estimate of that
loss can be made. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, or when a loss is at least reasonably possible, disclosure is provided.   

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements      

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an update to ASC 718,     Compensation Stock Compensation   , to
simplify various aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees. This update is effective
for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018; however, we expect to early adopt this update in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We expect the impact of adoption of the provision addressing accounting
for excess tax benefits and deficiencies will increase noncurrent deferred tax assets and retained earnings by approximately $170 million. Adoption of the remaining provisions of the update
will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.   

          In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASC 842,    Leases   , requiring lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for most
leases. This guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We will adopt the new standard using a modified retrospective transition approach which requires application of the new
guidance for all periods presented. We are currently assessing the impact that adoption will have on our financial position.   

          In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASC 606,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers   . This guidance supersedes ASC 605,     Revenue Recognition   , and introduces a single,
comprehensive, five-step revenue recognition model. ASC 606 also enhances disclosures related to revenue
recognition. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASC 606 by one year. ASC 606 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and allows for either a full retrospective or
a modified retrospective approach at adoption. We are continuing to assess the impact of adopting ASC 606, but do not expect adoption to have a material impact on our results of operations or
financial position.   

  77  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)     

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements      

In November 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 740 requiring that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a
classified statement of financial position. We elected to early adopt this update on a prospective basis during fiscal 2016. Prior period amounts were not retrospectively adjusted.   

In
April 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASC 835,    Interest   , requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We elected to early adopt this update during fiscal 2016. The
update was applied on a retrospective basis and did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

3. Restructuring and Other Charges, Net     

Net restructuring and other charges consisted of the following:   

Restructuring Charges, Net     

          Net restructuring charges by segment were as follows:   

78  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Restructuring and Other Charges, Net (Continued)    

          Activity
in our restructuring reserves is summarized as follows:   

79  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Restructuring and Other Charges, Net (Continued)    

(1)    Includes
net charges associated with discontinued operations of $36 million in fiscal 2014.    

Fiscal 2016 Actions      

During fiscal 2016, we initiated a restructuring program associated with headcount reductions impacting all segments and product line closures
in the Communications Solutions segment. In connection with this program, during fiscal 2016, we recorded restructuring charges of $130 million. We expect to complete all restructuring actions
commenced during fiscal 2016 by the end of fiscal 2019 and to incur total charges of approximately $171 million with remaining charges related primarily to employee severance.   

The
following table summarizes expected, incurred, and remaining charges for the fiscal 2016 program by segment:   

Fiscal 2015 Actions      

During fiscal 2015, we initiated a restructuring program associated with headcount reductions and product line closures, primarily impacting the
Communications Solutions and Industrial Solutions segments. In connection with this program, during fiscal 2016 and 2015, we recorded net restructuring   

  80  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Restructuring and Other Charges, Net (Continued)    

  credits
of $1 million and charges of $92 million, respectively. We do not expect to incur any additional charges related to restructuring programs commenced in fiscal 2015.   

Fiscal 2014 Actions      

During fiscal 2014, we initiated a restructuring program associated primarily with headcount reductions and manufacturing site and product line
closures in the Communications Solutions segment. In connection with this program, we recorded net restructuring charges of $19 million in fiscal 2014. We do not expect to incur any additional
charges related to restructuring programs commenced in fiscal 2014.   

Pre-Fiscal 2014 Actions      

During fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recorded net restructuring credits of $4 million, charges of $1 million, and charges of
$4 million, respectively, related to pre-fiscal 2014 actions. We do not expect to incur any additional charges related to pre-fiscal 2014 actions.   

Total Restructuring Reserves      

Restructuring reserves included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows:   

Gain on Divestiture     

          During fiscal 2016, we sold our Circuit Protection Devices ("CPD") business for net cash proceeds of $333 million. We recognized a
pre-tax gain of $144 million on the transaction. The CPD business was reported in our Communications Solutions segment.   

Other Charges (Credits), Net     

          During fiscal 2016, we incurred costs of $21 million, associated primarily with the divestiture of certain businesses.   

          During
fiscal 2015, in connection with the sale our Broadband Network Solutions ("BNS") business, we incurred costs of $61 million, consisting primarily of $36 million of
legal and professional fees and $18 million of charges associated with the exit of a facility. These amounts are not directly related to the business sold, and accordingly have been recorded in
continuing operations. See Note 4 for additional information regarding the divestiture of BNS.   

  81  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

4. Discontinued Operations     

The following table presents certain components of income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes:   

During
fiscal 2015, we sold our BNS business for $3.0 billion in cash and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.1 billion on the transaction. In the U.S., income taxes associated
with the gain on the sale of assets were largely offset by income tax benefits realized on the sale of several subsidiaries. In certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, the sale was exempt from income taxes.
During fiscal 2016, we recognized an additional pre-tax gain of $29 million on the divestiture, related primarily to pension and net working capital adjustments.   

In
fiscal 2006, the former shareholders of Com-Net initiated a lawsuit related to our fiscal 2001 acquisition of Com-Net. In October 2015, the Court of Common Pleas in Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania entered final judgment in favor of the sellers and against us for $127 million plus costs. In July 2016, we entered into settlement agreements with the sellers pursuant to which we
agreed to pay the sellers an aggregate amount of $96 million, payment of which was made in fiscal 2016, settling all matters in dispute.   

          In
connection with the Com-Net case, we recorded a reserve and pre-tax charges of $127 million during fiscal 2015. During fiscal 2016, in connection with the settlements, we
recorded pre-tax credits of $30 million, representing a release of excess reserves. These amounts are reflected in income from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations as the Com-Net case was associated with our former Wireless Systems business which was sold in 2009.   

          The
BNS and Wireless Systems businesses met the discontinued operations criteria and were reported as such in all periods presented on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Prior to
reclassification to discontinued operations, the BNS and Wireless Systems businesses were included in the former Network Solutions and Wireless Systems segments, respectively.   

5. Acquisitions     

Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions      

During fiscal 2016, we acquired four businesses, including the Creganna Medical group, for a combined cash purchase price of
$1.3 billion, net of cash acquired. The acquisitions have been reported as part of our Industrial Solutions and Transportation Solutions segments from the date of acquisition.   

We
have preliminarily allocated the purchase price of acquired businesses to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values. We   

  82  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5. Acquisitions (Continued)    

  are
in the process of completing the valuation of identifiable intangible assets, fixed assets, pre-acquisition contingencies, and income taxes. Accordingly, the fair values set forth below are
subject to adjustment upon finalization of the valuations. The amount of these potential adjustments could be significant. We expect to complete the purchase price allocation for these acquisitions
during fiscal 2017.   

          The
following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition, in
accordance with the acquisition method of accounting:   

The
fair values assigned to intangible assets were preliminarily determined through the use of the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess
earnings methods. Both valuation methods rely on management judgment, including expected future cash flows resulting from existing customer relationships, customer attrition rates, contributory
effects of other assets utilized in the business, peer group cost of capital and royalty rates, and other factors. Useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful
economic lives of the intangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows.   

          Acquired
intangible assets consisted of the following:   

83  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5. Acquisitions (Continued)    

          The
acquired intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives.   

          Goodwill
of $836 million was recognized in these transactions, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. This goodwill is attributable primarily to cost savings and other synergies related to operational efficiencies including the consolidation of manufacturing, marketing, and
general and administrative functions. The goodwill has been allocated to the Industrial Solutions and Transportation Solutions segments and is not deductible for tax purposes. However, prior to being
acquired by us, one of the fiscal 2016 acquisitions completed certain acquisitions that resulted in goodwill with an estimated value of $15 million that is deductible primarily for U.S. tax
purposes, which we will deduct through 2025.   

          Fiscal
2016 acquisitions contributed net sales of $167 million and operating income of $8 million to our Consolidated Statement of Operations during fiscal 2016. The
operating income included $10 million of acquisition costs, $7 million associated with the amortization of acquisition-related fair value adjustments related to acquired inventories and
customer order backlog, and $2 million of integration costs.   

Fiscal 2015 Acquisitions      

In October 2014, we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Measurement Specialties, Inc. ("Measurement Specialties"), a leading
global designer and manufacturer of sensors and sensor-based systems, for $86.00 in cash per share. The total value paid was approximately $1.7 billion, net of cash acquired, and included
$225 million for the repayment of Measurement Specialties' debt and
accrued interest. Measurement Specialties offers a broad portfolio of technologies including pressure, vibration, force, temperature, humidity, ultrasonic, position, and fluid sensors, for a wide
range of applications and industries. This business has been reported as part of our Transportation Solutions segment from the date of acquisition.   

  84  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5. Acquisitions (Continued)    

          The
following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition, in accordance
with the acquisition method of accounting:   

The
fair values assigned to intangible assets were determined through the use of the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earnings methods.
The valuation of tangible assets was derived using a combination of the income, market, and cost approaches. Useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic
lives of the intangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows.   

          Acquired
intangible assets consisted of the following:   

85  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5. Acquisitions (Continued)    

          The
acquired intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives.   

          Goodwill
of $1,064 million was recognized in the transaction, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. This goodwill is attributable primarily to cost savings and other synergies related to operational efficiencies including the consolidation of manufacturing, marketing, and
general and administrative functions. The goodwill has been allocated to the Transportation Solutions segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. However, prior to its merger with us, Measurement
Specialties completed certain acquisitions that resulted in goodwill with an estimated value of $23 million that is deductible primarily for U.S. tax purposes, which we will deduct through
2030.   

          During
fiscal 2015, Measurement Specialties contributed net sales of $548 million to our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Due to the commingled nature of our operations, it
is not practicable to separately identify operating income of Measurement Specialties on a stand-alone basis.   

          During
fiscal 2015, we acquired three additional businesses for $241 million in cash, net of cash acquired.   

Fiscal 2014 Acquisitions      

During fiscal 2014, we acquired five businesses, including the SEACON Group ("SEACON"), a leading provider of underwater connector technology
and systems, for $522 million in cash, net of cash acquired.   

Pro Forma Financial Information      

The following unaudited pro forma financial information reflects our consolidated results of operations had the fiscal 2016 acquisitions
occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2015 and the Measurement Specialties acquisition occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2014:   

The
pro forma financial information for the fiscal 2016 acquisitions was based on our preliminary allocation of the purchase price and therefore is subject to adjustment upon
finalization of the purchase price allocation. The pro forma adjustments, which were not significant, included interest expense based on pro forma changes in our combined capital structure, charges
related to acquired customer order backlog, charges related to the amortization of the fair value of acquired intangible assets, charges related to the fair value adjustment to acquisition-date
inventories, and acquisition and other costs, and the related tax effects.   

          Pro
forma results do not include any anticipated synergies or other anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. Accordingly, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not
necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results that might have been achieved had these acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the preceding fiscal years.   

  86  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

6. Inventories     

Inventories consisted of the following:   

7. Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net     

Net property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following:   

Depreciation
expense was $436 million, $463 million, and $467 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.   

  87  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8. Goodwill     

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment were as follows:   

(1)    At
fiscal year end 2016, 2015, and 2014, accumulated impairment losses for the Transportation Solutions and Industrial Solutions segments were $2,191 million
and $669 million, respectively. Accumulated impairment losses for the Communications Solutions segment were $1,514 million at fiscal year end 2016 and $1,626 million at fiscal
year end 2015 and 2014.    

During
fiscal 2016, we acquired four businesses and recognized goodwill of $836 million, which benefited the Industrial Solutions and Transportation Solutions segments. During
fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisition of Measurement Specialties and recognized goodwill of $1,064 million, which benefited the Transportation Solutions segment. See Note 5 for
additional information regarding acquisitions.   

          During
fiscal 2016, net goodwill of $117 million was written-off in connection with the sale of our CPD business. See Note 3 for additional information regarding the
divestiture of CPD.   

          We
completed our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and determined that no impairment existed.   

9. Intangible Assets, Net     

Intangible assets consisted of the following:   

88  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

9. Intangible Assets, Net (Continued)    

          During
fiscal 2016, the gross carrying amount of intangible assets increased by $530 million as a result of the acquisition of four businesses. See Note 5 for additional
information regarding acquisitions.   

          Intangible
asset amortization expense was $149 million, $153 million, and $84 million for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The aggregate amortization
expense on intangible assets is expected to be as follows:   

10. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities     

Accrued and other current liabilities consisted of the following:   

89  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11. Debt     

Debt was as follows:   

(1)    The
senior floating rate notes due 2016 bore interest at a rate of three-month London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") plus 0.20% per year.    

During
January 2016, Tyco Electronics Group S.A. ("TEGSA"), our 100%-owned subsidiary, issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.700% senior notes due
February 15, 2026. The notes are TEGSA's unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and any future senior indebtedness of TEGSA and senior to any
subordinated indebtedness that TEGSA may incur.   

          TEGSA
has a five-year unsecured senior revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility") with total commitments of $1,500 million. The Credit Facility was amended in December 2015
primarily to extend the maturity date from August 2018 to December 2020. TEGSA had no borrowings under the Credit Facility at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015.   

Borrowings
under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the option of TEGSA, (1) LIBOR plus an applicable margin based upon the senior, unsecured,
long-term debt rating of TEGSA, or (2) an alternate base rate equal to the highest of (i) Bank of America, N.A.'s base rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus
 1 / 2  of 1%, and (iii) one-month LIBOR plus 1%, plus, in each case, an applicable margin based upon the senior, unsecured, long-term debt rating of TEGSA. TEGSA is required to pay
an annual facility fee ranging from 5.0 to 12.5 basis points based upon the amount of the lenders' commitments under the Credit Facility and the applicable credit ratings of TEGSA.   

  90  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11. Debt (Continued)    

          The
Credit Facility contains a financial ratio covenant providing that if, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, our ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (as
defined in the Credit Facility) for the then most recently concluded period of four consecutive fiscal quarters exceeds 3.75 to 1.0, an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Facility) is
triggered. The Credit Facility and our other debt agreements contain other customary covenants.   

          Periodically,
TEGSA issues commercial paper to U.S. institutional accredited investors and qualified institutional buyers in accordance with available exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 as part of our ongoing effort to maintain financial flexibility and to potentially decrease the cost of borrowings. Borrowings under the commercial paper
program are backed by the Credit Facility.   

          TEGSA's
payment obligations under its senior notes, commercial paper, and Credit Facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by its parent, TE Connectivity Ltd.   

Principal
payments required for debt are as follows:   

The
fair value of our debt, based on indicative valuations, was approximately $4,424 million and $4,115 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

12. Commitments and Contingencies     

Legal Proceedings     

          In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including patent infringement claims, product
liability matters, employment disputes, disputes on agreements, other commercial disputes, environmental matters, antitrust claims, and tax matters, including non-income tax matters such as value
added tax, sales and use tax, real estate tax, and transfer tax. Although it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these proceedings, based upon our experience, current information, and applicable
law, we do not expect that the outcome of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

Income Tax Matters     

Tax Sharing Agreement      

In fiscal 2007, we became an independent, publicly traded company owning the former electronics businesses of Tyco International plc
("Tyco International"). On June 29, 2007, Tyco International   

  91  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

12. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)    

  distributed
all of our shares, as well as its shares of its former healthcare businesses ("Covidien"), to its common shareholders (the "separation"). As a result of subsequent transactions, Tyco
International and Covidien now operate as part of Johnson Controls International plc and Medtronic plc, respectively.   

Upon
separation, we entered into a Tax Sharing Agreement, under which we shared responsibility for certain of our, Tyco International's, and Covidien's income tax liabilities based on a
sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. We, Tyco International, and Covidien shared 31%, 27%, and 42%, respectively, of U.S. income tax liabilities that arose from
adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Tyco International's, and Covidien's U.S. income tax returns. Pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement, we entered into certain guarantee commitments and
indemnifications with Tyco International and Covidien.   

1997-2000 Audit Years      

In October 2012, the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") issued special agreement Forms 870-AD, effectively settling its audit of all tax
matters for the years 1997 through 2000, excluding one issue involving the tax treatment of certain intercompany debt transactions. The IRS field examination asserted that certain intercompany loans
originated during the years 1997 through 2000 did not constitute debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and disallowed approximately $2.7 billion of related interest deductions recognized
during the period on Tyco International's U.S. income tax returns. In addition, if the IRS were ultimately successful in asserting its claim, it likely would have disallowed an additional
$6.6 billion of interest deductions reflected on U.S. income tax returns in years subsequent to fiscal 2000. Tyco International disagreed with the IRS position and filed petitions in the U.S.
Tax Court contesting the IRS's proposed adjustments.   

          In
January 2016, Tyco International entered into Stipulations of Settled Issues (the "Stipulations") with the IRS intended to resolve all disputes related to the intercompany debt matter
discussed above. The Stipulations were contingent upon the Appeals Division of the IRS applying the same settlement or framework to all intercompany debt issues on appeal for subsequent audit cycles
(years 2001 through 2007).   

          During
the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we made a pre-payment to the IRS of $443 million, for deficiencies for which we are the primary obligor, to stop the accretion of
deficiency interest. Concurrent with remitting this payment, we were reimbursed $305 million by Tyco International and Covidien pursuant to their indemnifications for pre-separation tax
matters. In addition, we paid $2 million to Covidien for our share of deficiencies for which Covidien was the primary obligor. As a result, our net cash payment in connection with the disputed
debt matter was $140 million during the second quarter of fiscal 2016.   

          In
May 2016, the U.S. Tax Court entered orders consistent with the Stipulations and dismissed the petitions as settled and the Appeals Division of the IRS issued special agreement
Forms 870-AD that effectively settled the matters on appeal on the same terms as those set forth in the Stipulations. As a result, we have resolved all aspects of the disputed debt matter
before the U.S. Tax Court (for the 1997 through 2000 audit cycle) and before the Appeals Division of the IRS for subsequent audit cycles (2001 through 2007). In addition, we expect the terms of the
resolution for the disputed debt matter will be consistently applied by the IRS to all of our U.S. income tax returns filed subsequent to fiscal 2007.   

  92  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

12. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)     

As a result of these developments, in fiscal 2016, we recognized an income tax benefit of $1,135 million, representing a reduction in tax reserves, and other expense of
$604 million, representing a reduction of associated indemnification receivables, pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien. The U.S. tax loss and credit
carryforwards finalized as a result of the settlement of the disputed debt matter were assessed for realizability in fiscal 2016 and included in our valuation allowance analysis. See Note 15
for further information regarding the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.   

2001-2007 Audit Years      

In fiscal 2015, the IRS issued general agreement Forms 870, effectively settling its audits of tax matters for the years 2001 through
2007, excluding the disputed debt matter which was subsequently resolved during fiscal 2016. As a result of these developments, in fiscal 2015, we recognized an income tax benefit of
$201 million, representing a reduction in tax reserves for the matters that were effectively settled, and other expense of $84 million, representing a reduction of associated
indemnification receivables, pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien.   

2008-2010 Audit Years      

In fiscal 2015, the IRS issued general agreement Forms 870, effectively settling its audits of tax matters for the years 2008 through
2010, excluding the disputed debt matter. As discussed above, we expect the terms of the resolution for the disputed debt matter will be consistently applied by the IRS to all of our U.S. income tax
returns filed subsequent to fiscal 2007. As a result of these developments, in fiscal 2015, we recognized an income tax benefit of $63 million, representing a reduction in tax reserves for the
matters that were effectively settled.   

Environmental Matters     

          We are involved in various stages of investigation and cleanup related to environmental remediation matters at a number of sites. The ultimate
cost of site cleanup is difficult to predict given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and alternative cleanup
methods. As of fiscal year end 2016, we concluded that it was probable that we would incur remedial costs in the range of $17 million to $42 million, and that the best estimate within
this range was $20 million. We believe that any potential payment of such estimated amounts will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash
flows.   

  93  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

12. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)    

Leases     

          We have facility, land, vehicle, and equipment leases that expire at various dates. Rental expense under these leases was $143 million,
$141 million, and $130 million for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. At fiscal year end 2016, the minimum lease payment obligations under non-cancelable lease obligations were
as follows:   

Guarantees     

          In disposing of assets or businesses, we often provide representations, warranties, and/or indemnities to cover various risks including unknown
damage to assets, environmental risks involved in the sale of real estate, liability for investigation and remediation of environmental contamination at waste disposal sites and manufacturing
facilities, and unidentified tax liabilities and legal fees related to periods prior to disposition. We do not expect that these uncertainties will have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

          At
fiscal year end 2016, we had outstanding letters of credit, letters of guarantee, and surety bonds of $324 million.   

          In
the normal course of business, we are liable for contract completion and product performance. In the opinion of management, such obligations will not significantly affect our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

          We
generally record estimated product warranty costs when contract revenues are recognized under the percentage-of-completion method for construction related contracts; other warranty
reserves are not significant. The estimation is based primarily on historical experience and actual warranty claims. Amounts accrued for warranty claims at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015 were
$48 million and $35 million, respectively.   

13. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements     

We use derivative and non-derivative financial instruments to manage certain exposures to foreign currency, interest rate, investment, and commodity risks.   

          The
effects of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations were immaterial for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

  94  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

13. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)    

Foreign Exchange Risks and Hedges of Net Investment      

As part of managing the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we utilize cross-currency swap contracts, foreign currency
forward contracts, and foreign currency swap contracts, a portion of which are designated as cash flow hedges. The objective of these contracts is to minimize impacts to cash flows and profitability
due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany and other cash transactions. We expect that significantly all of the balance in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
associated with the cash flow hedge-designated instruments addressing foreign exchange risks will be reclassified into the Consolidated Statement of Operations within the next twelve months.   

          During
fiscal 2015, we entered into cross-currency swap contracts with an aggregate notional value of  1,000 million to reduce our exposure to foreign currency
exchange risk associated with certain intercompany loans. Under the terms of these contracts, which have been designated as cash flow hedges, we make quarterly interest payments in euros at 3.50% per
annum and receive interest in U.S. dollars at a weighted-average rate of 5.33% per annum. Upon the maturities of these contracts in fiscal 2022, we will pay the principal amount of the loans in euros
and receive U.S. dollars from our counterparties.   

          We
hedge our net investment in certain foreign operations using intercompany non-derivative financial instruments denominated in the same currencies. The aggregate notional value of
these hedges was $3,480 million and $3,880 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively. Foreign exchange losses of $45 million and foreign exchange gains of
$353 million and $156 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, were recorded as currency translation, a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),
offsetting foreign exchange gains and losses attributable to the translation of the net investment. See Note 19 for additional information.   

Interest Rate and Investment Risk Management      

We issue debt, as needed, to fund our operations and capital requirements. Such borrowings can result in interest rate exposure. To manage the
interest rate exposure, we use interest rate swaps to convert a portion of fixed-rate debt into variable-rate debt. We use forward starting interest rate swaps and options to enter into interest rate
swaps to manage interest rate exposure in periods prior to the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt. We also utilize investment swaps to manage earnings exposure on certain nonqualified deferred
compensation liabilities.   

Commodity Hedges      

As part of managing the exposure to certain commodity price fluctuations, we utilize commodity swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges.
The objective of these contracts is to minimize impacts to cash flows and profitability due to changes in prices of commodities used in production.   

          At
fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, our commodity hedges had notional values of $232 million and $260 million, respectively. We expect that significantly all of the balance
in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) associated with the commodity hedges will be reclassified into the Consolidated Statement of Operations within the next twelve months.   

  95  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

13. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)    

Fair Value Measurements      

Financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, which consist of derivative instruments and marketable securities, were
immaterial at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015.   

14. Retirement Plans     

Defined Benefit Pension Plans      

We have a number of contributory and noncontributory defined benefit retirement plans covering certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. employees,
designed in accordance with local customs and practice.   

          The
net periodic pension benefit cost for all U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans was as follows:   

96  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)    

The
following table represents the changes in benefit obligation and plan assets and the net amount recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all U.S. and non-U.S. defined
benefit pension plans:   

97  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)    

          The
pre-tax amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for all U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans were as follows:   

(1)    Amortization
of prior service credit is included in other in the above table summarizing the components of net periodic pension benefit cost.    

In
fiscal 2016, unrecognized actuarial losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were primarily the result of lower discount rates partially offset by favorable
asset performance for both U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans as compared to fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2015, unrecognized actuarial losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) for U.S. defined benefit pension plans were due primarily to a change in the mortality assumption and lower than expected asset performance. Unrecognized actuarial losses recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2015 were principally the result of lower discount rates as compared to fiscal 2014.   

The
estimated amortization of actuarial losses from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic pension benefit cost for U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension
plans in fiscal 2017 is expected to be $40 million and $43 million, respectively. The estimated amortization of prior service credit from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
into net periodic pension benefit cost for non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2017 is expected to be $7 million.   

          In
determining the expected return on plan assets, we consider the relative weighting of plan assets by class and individual asset class performance expectations.   

The
investment strategies for U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans are governed locally. Our investment strategy for our pension plans is to manage the plans on a going concern basis. Current
investment policy is to achieve a reasonable return on assets, subject to a prudent level of portfolio risk, for the purpose of enhancing the security of benefits for participants. Projected returns
are based   

  98  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)    

  primarily
on pro forma asset allocation, expected long-term returns, and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management.   

The
long-term target asset allocation in our U.S. plans' master trust is 10% equity and 90% fixed income. Asset re-allocation to meet that target is occurring over a multi-year period
based on the funded status, as defined by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the "Pension Act Funded Status"), of the U.S. plans' master trust and market conditions. We expect to reach our target
allocation when the Pension Act Funded Status exceeds 105%. Based on the Pension Act Funded Status as of fiscal year end 2016, our target asset allocation is 45% equity and 55% fixed income.   

Target
weighted-average asset allocation and weighted-average asset allocation for U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans were as follows:   

Our
common shares are not a direct investment of our pension funds; however, the pension funds may indirectly include our shares. The aggregate amount of our common shares would not be
considered material relative to the total pension fund assets.   

          Our
funding policy is to make contributions in accordance with the laws and customs of the various countries in which we operate as well as to make discretionary voluntary contributions
from time to time. We expect to make the minimum required contributions of $6 million and $48 million to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, respectively, in fiscal 2017. We may also
make voluntary contributions at our discretion.   

          Benefit
payments, which reflect future expected service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows:   

99  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)     

Set forth below is the accumulated benefit obligation for all U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans as well as additional information related to plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in
excess of plan assets and plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.   

We
value our pension assets based on the fair value hierarchy of ASC 820,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   . Details of the fair
value hierarchy are described in Note 2. The following table presents our defined benefit pension plans' asset categories and their associated fair value within the fair value hierarchy:   

100  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)    

(1)    U.S.
and non-U.S. equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the stock exchange on which the individual securities are traded.
      (2)    Commingled
equity funds are pooled investments in multiple equity-type securities. Fair value is calculated as the closing price of the underlying investments, an
observable market condition, divided by the number of shares of the fund outstanding.
      (3)    Government
bonds are marked to fair value based on quoted market prices or market approach valuation models using observable market data such as quotes, spreads, and
data points for yield curves.
      (4)    Corporate
bonds are marked to fair value based on quoted market prices or market approach valuation models using observable market data such as quotes, spreads, and
data points for yield curves.
      (5)    Commingled
bond funds are pooled investments in multiple debt-type securities. Fair value is calculated as the closing price of the underlying investments, an
observable market condition, divided by the number of shares of the fund outstanding.
      (6)    Other
investments are composed of insurance contracts, derivatives, short-term investments, structured products such as collateralized obligations and mortgage- and
asset-backed securities, real estate investments, and hedge funds. Insurance contracts are valued using cash surrender value, or face value of the contract if a cash surrender value is unavailable
(level 2), as these values represent the amount that the plan would receive on termination of the underlying contract. Derivatives, short-term investments, and structured products are marked to
fair value using models that are supported by observable market based data (level 2). Real estate investments include investments in commingled real estate funds and are valued at net asset
value which is calculated using unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity (level 3). Hedge funds are valued at their net asset value which is calculated using
unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity (level 3).
      (7)    Items
to reconcile to fair value of plan assets include amounts receivable for securities sold, amounts payable for securities purchased, and any cash balances,
considered to be carried at book value, that are held in the plans.    

101  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Retirement Plans (Continued)    

          Changes
in Level 3 assets in non-U.S. plans were primarily the result of purchases in fiscal 2016 and 2015.   

Defined Contribution Retirement Plans      

We maintain several defined contribution retirement plans, the most significant of which is located in the U.S. These plans include 401(k)
matching programs, as well as qualified and
nonqualified profit sharing and share bonus retirement plans. Expense for the defined contribution plans is computed as a percentage of participants' compensation and was $59 million,
$60 million, and $61 million for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.   

Deferred Compensation Plans      

We maintain nonqualified deferred compensation plans, which permit eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation. A record keeping
account is set up for each participant and the participant chooses from a variety of measurement funds for the deemed investment of their accounts. The measurement funds correspond to a number of
funds in our 401(k) plans and the account balance fluctuates with the investment returns on those funds. Total deferred compensation liabilities were $132 million and $118 million at
fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note 13 for additional information regarding our risk management strategy related to deferred compensation liabilities.   

Postretirement Benefit Plans      

In addition to providing pension and 401(k) benefits, we also provide certain health care coverage continuation for qualifying retirees from the
date of retirement to age 65. The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was $45 million and $40 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively, and the underfunded status
of the postretirement benefit plans was included primarily in long-term pension and postretirement liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Activity during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was not
significant.   

  102  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

15. Income Taxes     

Significant components of the income tax expense (benefit) were as follows:   

The
U.S. and non-U.S. components of income from continuing operations before income taxes were as follows:   

103  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

15. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          The
reconciliation between U.S. federal income taxes at the statutory rate and income tax expense (benefit) was as follows:   

(1)    Other
income (expense), net pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien is not taxable or deductible.
      (2)    Excludes
nondeductible charges and other items which are separately presented.    

The
income tax benefit for fiscal 2016 included a $1,135 million income tax benefit related to the effective settlement of tax matters for the years 1997 through 2000 which
resolved all aspects of the disputed debt matter with the IRS through the year 2007, partially offset by a $91 million income tax charge related to an increase to the valuation allowance for
certain U.S. deferred tax assets.
Additionally, the tax benefit for fiscal 2016 included an $83 million net income tax benefit related to tax settlements in certain other tax jurisdictions, partially offset by an income tax
charge related to certain legal entity restructurings. See Note 12 for additional information regarding settlements with the IRS.   

The
increase to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets primarily relates to certain U.S. federal and state tax loss and credit carryforwards. Based on our forecast of taxable
income for certain U.S. tax reporting groups, U.S. tax loss and credit carryforwards finalized as a result of settlement of the disputed debt matter with the IRS, and certain tax planning actions and
strategies, we believed it was more likely than not that a portion of our deferred tax assets would not be realized.   

          The
income tax expense for fiscal 2015 included a $264 million income tax benefit related to the effective settlement of all undisputed tax matters for the years 2001 through
2010, partially offset by a $216 million income tax charge associated with the tax impacts of certain intercompany legal entity restructurings made in connection with our integration of
Measurement Specialties. Also, income tax expense for fiscal 2015 included an income tax charge of $29 million associated with the tax impacts of certain intercompany dividends related to the
restructuring and sale of BNS.   

  104  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

15. Income Taxes (Continued)     

The income tax expense for fiscal 2014 included an income tax benefit of $282 million recognized in connection with a reduction in the valuation allowance associated with certain
tax loss carryforwards relating to ADC Telecommunications, Inc. ("ADC"), partially offset by an income tax charge related to adjustments to prior year income tax returns.   

          In
fiscal 2014, we acquired SEACON, and its U.S. operations were combined with our ADC U.S. federal consolidated tax group. In addition, the ADC U.S. tax group was combined with other
U.S. legal entities and assets. We reassessed the realization of the revised ADC U.S. tax group's tax loss and credit carryforwards. Based on our forecast of taxable income of the reorganized combined
tax group, we believed it was more likely than not that a tax benefit would be realized on additional U.S. federal and state net operating losses. Accordingly, we reduced the valuation allowance and
recorded a tax benefit of $282 million.   

          Deferred
income taxes result from temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes. The components of the net
deferred income tax asset were as follows:   

105  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

15. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          Our
tax loss and credit carryforwards (tax effected) at fiscal year end 2016 were as follows:   

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of $3,096 million and $3,237 million at fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, respectively, relates principally to the uncertainty
of the utilization of certain deferred
tax assets, primarily tax loss, capital loss, and credit carryforwards in various jurisdictions. We believe that we will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the income tax benefits
related to the remaining net deferred tax assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At fiscal year end 2016, approximately $169 million of the valuation allowance relates to share-based
compensation and will be recorded to equity if certain net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are utilized.   

          We
have provided income taxes for earnings that are currently distributed as well as the taxes associated with several subsidiaries' earnings that are expected to be distributed in the
future. No additional provision has been made for Swiss or non-Swiss income taxes on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries or for unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences
related to basis differences in investments in subsidiaries, as such earnings are expected to be permanently reinvested, the investments are essentially permanent in duration, or we have concluded
that no additional tax liability will arise as a result of the distribution of such earnings. As of fiscal year end 2016, certain subsidiaries had approximately $21 billion of cumulative
undistributed earnings that have been retained indefinitely and reinvested in our global manufacturing operations, including working capital; property, plant, and equipment; intangible assets; and
research and development activities. A liability could arise if our intention to permanently reinvest such earnings were to change and amounts are distributed by such subsidiaries or if such
subsidiaries are ultimately disposed. It is not practicable to estimate the additional income taxes related to permanently reinvested earnings or the basis differences related to investments in
subsidiaries. As of fiscal year end 2016, we had approximately $6.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and intercompany deposits, principally in our subsidiaries, that we have the ability to
distribute to TEGSA, our Luxembourg subsidiary, which is the obligor of substantially all of our debt, and to TE Connectivity Ltd., our Swiss parent company, but we consider to be permanently
reinvested. We estimate that up to approximately $1.5 billion of tax expense would be recognized on the   

  106  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

15. Income Taxes (Continued)    

  Consolidated
Financial Statements if our intention to permanently reinvest these amounts were to change. Our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate cash, cash equivalents, and
intercompany deposits that are designated as permanently reinvested in order to fund our operations, including investing and financing activities.   

Uncertain Tax Position Provisions of ASC 740      

As of fiscal year end 2016, we had total unrecognized income tax benefits of $490 million. If recognized in future years,
$370 million of these currently unrecognized income tax benefits would impact income tax expense (benefit) and the effective tax rate. As of fiscal year end 2015, we had total unrecognized
income tax benefits of $1,368 million. If recognized in future years, $1,291 million of these unrecognized income tax benefits would impact income tax expense (benefit) and
the effective tax rate. The following table summarizes the activity related to unrecognized income tax benefits:   

We
record accrued interest as well as penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense (benefit). As of fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, we had $54 million
and $1,076 million, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, recorded primarily in income taxes. The decrease in
the accrued interest and penalties from fiscal year end 2015 was due primarily to the effective settlement of tax matters for the years 1997 through 2000 which resolved all aspects of the disputed
debt matter with the IRS through the year 2007. During fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recognized income tax benefits of $765 million, expense of $7 million, and expense of
$99 million, respectively, related to interest and penalties on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   

          We
file income tax returns on a unitary, consolidated, or stand-alone basis in multiple state and local jurisdictions, which generally have statutes of limitations ranging from 3 to
4 years. Various state and local income tax returns are currently in the process of examination or administrative appeal.   

          Our
non-U.S. subsidiaries file income tax returns in the countries in which they have operations. Generally, these countries have statutes of limitations ranging from 3 to
10 years. Various non-U.S. subsidiary income tax returns are currently in the process of examination by taxing authorities.   

  107  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

15. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          As
of fiscal year end 2016, under applicable statutes, the following tax years remained subject to examination in the major tax jurisdictions indicated:   

In
most jurisdictions, taxing authorities retain the ability to review prior tax years and to adjust any net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards from these years that are
utilized in a subsequent period.   

          Although
it is difficult to predict the timing or results of our worldwide examinations, we estimate that up to approximately $90 million of unrecognized income tax benefits,
excluding the impact relating to accrued interest and penalties, could be resolved within the next twelve months.   

We
are not aware of any other matters that would result in significant changes to the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of fiscal
year end 2016.   

16. Other Income (Expense), Net     

In fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recorded net other expense of $632 million, net other expense of $55 million, and net other income of $63 million, respectively,
primarily pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien. The net other expense in fiscal 2016 included $604 million related to the effective settlement of tax
matters for the years 1997 through 2000 which resolved all aspects of the disputed debt matter with the IRS through the year 2007 and $46 million related to a tax settlement in another
jurisdiction. The net other expense in fiscal 2015 included $84 million related to the effective settlement of undisputed tax matters for the years 2001 through 2007. See Note 12 for
further information regarding the Tax Sharing Agreement and settlements with the IRS. The net other income in fiscal 2014 included $18 million of income related to our share of a
settlement agreement entered into by Tyco International with a former subsidiary, CIT Group Inc., which arose from a pre-separation claim for which we were entitled to 31% once resolved.   

  108  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

17. Earnings Per Share     

The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:   

There
were three million and one million share options that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, because the
instruments' underlying exercise prices were greater than the average market prices of our common shares and inclusion would be antidilutive.   

18. Equity     

Common Shares      

We are organized under the laws of Switzerland. The rights of holders of our shares are governed by Swiss law, our Swiss articles of
association, and our Swiss organizational regulations. Accordingly, the par value of our common shares is stated in Swiss francs ("CHF"). We continue to use the U.S. dollar, however, as our reporting
currency on the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

          Subject
to certain conditions specified in our articles of association, we are authorized to increase our conditional share capital by issuing new shares in aggregate not exceeding 50%
of our authorized shares. In March 2016, our shareholders approved for a period of two years ending on March 2, 2018, our board of directors' authorization to issue additional new shares,
subject to certain conditions specified in the articles of association, in aggregate not exceeding 50% of the amount of our authorized shares.   

Common Shares Held in Treasury      

At fiscal year end 2016, approximately 28 million common shares were held in treasury, of which 2 million were owned by one of our
subsidiaries. At fiscal year end 2015, approximately 20 million common shares were held in treasury, of which 6 million were owned by one of our subsidiaries. Shares held both directly
by us and by our subsidiary are presented as treasury shares on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.   

          In
fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, our shareholders approved the cancellation of 31 million, 5 million, and 10 million shares, respectively, purchased under our share
repurchase program. These capital reductions by cancellation of shares were subject to a notice period and filing with the commercial register in Switzerland.   

Contributed Surplus      

Contributed surplus established for Swiss tax and statutory purposes ("Swiss Contributed Surplus"), subject to certain conditions, is a freely
distributable reserve. Distributions to shareholders from Swiss   

  109  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

18. Equity (Continued)    

  Contributed
Surplus are free from withholding tax. As of fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, Swiss Contributed Surplus was CHF 7,878 million and CHF 8,392 million, respectively
(equivalent to $6,992 million and $7,505 million, respectively).   

Dividends and Distributions to Shareholders      

Under Swiss law, subject to certain conditions, distributions to shareholders made in the form of a reduction of registered share capital or
from reserves from capital contributions (equivalent to Swiss Contributed Surplus) are exempt from Swiss withholding tax. Distributions or dividends on our shares must be approved by our shareholders.   

          Our
shareholders approved the following dividends on our common shares:   

Upon
shareholders' approval of a dividend payment or cash distribution in the form of a capital reduction, we record a liability with a corresponding charge to contributed surplus or
common shares. At fiscal year end 2016 and 2015, the unpaid portion of the dividends recorded in accrued and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets totaled $263 million
and $260 million, respectively.   

Share Repurchase Program      

During fiscal 2016, our board of directors authorized an increase of $1.0 billion in the share repurchase program. Common shares
repurchased under the share repurchase program were as follows:   

110  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

18. Equity (Continued)    

          At
fiscal year end 2016, we had $1.1 billion of availability remaining under our share repurchase authorization.   

19. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)     

The changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows:   

(1)    Includes
hedges of net investment foreign exchange gains or losses which offset foreign exchange losses or gains attributable to the translation of the net
investments.    

111  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Continued)    

(2)    Represents
net currency translation reclassified as a result of the sale of BNS. This net loss is included in income from discontinued operations on the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. See Note 4 for additional information regarding the divestiture of BNS.    

20. Share Plans     

Our equity compensation plans, of which the TE Connectivity Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, is the primary plan, provide for the award of annual
performance bonuses and long-term performance awards, including share options; restricted, performance, and deferred share units; and other share-based awards (collectively, "Awards") and allow for
the use of unissued shares or treasury shares to be used to satisfy such Awards. As of fiscal year end 2016, our plans provided for a maximum of 67 million shares to be issued as Awards,
subject to adjustment as provided under the terms of the plans. A total of 16 million shares remained available for issuance under our plans as of fiscal year end 2016.   

Share-Based Compensation Expense      

Total share-based compensation expense, which was included primarily in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Consolidated
Statements of Operations, was as follows:   

We
recognized a related tax benefit associated with our share-based compensation arrangements of $29 million, $29 million, and $24 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and
2014, respectively.   

Restricted Share Awards      

Restricted share awards, which are generally in the form of restricted share units, are granted subject to certain restrictions. Conditions of
vesting are determined at the time of grant. All restrictions on an award will lapse upon death or disability of the employee. If the employee satisfies retirement requirements, a portion of the award
may vest, depending on the terms and conditions of the particular grant. Recipients of restricted share units have no voting rights, but do receive dividend equivalents. For grants that vest through
passage of time, the fair value of the award at the time of the grant is amortized to expense over the period of vesting. The fair value of restricted share awards is determined based on the closing
value of our shares on the grant date. Restricted share awards generally vest in increments over a period of four years as determined by the management development and compensation committee.   

  112  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

20. Share Plans (Continued)     

          A
summary of restricted share award activity is presented below:   

The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted share awards granted during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $64.88, $62.45, and $52.21, respectively.   

          The
total fair value of restricted share awards that vested during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $51 million, $58 million, and $52 million, respectively.   

As
of fiscal year end 2016, there was $74 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted share awards. The cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.6 years.   

Performance Share Awards      

Performance share awards, which are generally in the form of performance share units, are granted with pay-out subject to vesting requirements
and certain performance conditions that are determined at the time of grant. Based on our performance, the pay-out of performance share units can range from 0% to 200% of the number of units
originally granted. The grant-date fair value of performance share awards is expensed over the period of performance once achievement of the performance criteria is deemed probable. Recipients of
performance share units have no voting rights but do receive dividend equivalents. Performance share awards generally vest after a period of three years as determined by the management development and
compensation committee.   

          A
summary of performance share award activity is presented below:   

The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of performance share awards granted during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $55.15, $61.65, and $51.63, respectively.   

          The
total fair value of performance share awards that vested during fiscal 2016 was $15 million. The total fair value of performance share awards that vested in fiscal 2015 and
2014 was insignificant.   

  113  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

20. Share Plans (Continued)    

          As
of fiscal year end 2016, there was $18 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested performance share awards. The cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.2 years.   

Share Options      

Share options are granted to purchase our common shares at prices which are equal to or greater than the market price of the common shares on
the date the option is granted. Conditions of vesting are determined at the time of grant. All restrictions on the award will lapse upon death or disability of the employee. If the employee satisfies
retirement requirements, a portion of the award may vest, depending on the terms and conditions of the particular grant. Options generally vest and become exercisable in equal annual installments over
a period of four years and expire ten years after the date of grant.   

          A
summary of share option award activity is presented below:   

The
weighted-average exercise price of share option awards granted during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $65.70, $61.70, and $51.78, respectively.   

          The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $67 million, $107 million, and $136 million, respectively. We received cash
related to the exercise of options of $90 million, $103 million, and $156 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The related excess cash tax benefit classified as a
financing cash inflow on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was not material.   

          As
of fiscal year end 2016, there was $36 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share options granted under our share option plans. The cost is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.6 years.   

Share-Based Compensation Assumptions      

The grant-date fair value of each share option grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Use of a valuation model
requires management to make certain assumptions with   

  114  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

20. Share Plans (Continued)    

  respect
to selected model inputs. We employ our historical share volatility when calculating the grant-date fair value of our share option grants using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.
Currently, we do not have exchange-traded options of sufficient duration to employ an implied volatility assumption in the calculation and therefore rely solely on the historical volatility
calculation. The average expected life was based on the contractual term of the option and expected employee exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate was
based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term that approximated the expected life assumed at the date of grant. The expected annual dividend per share was based on our expected
dividend rate. The recognized share-based compensation expense was net of estimated forfeitures, which are based on voluntary termination behavior as well as an analysis of actual option forfeitures.   

The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted and the weighted-average assumptions we used in the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model were as follows:   

21. Segment and Geographic Data     

We operate through three reportable segments: Transportation Solutions, Industrial Solutions, and Communications Solutions. See Note 1 for a description of the segments in which
we operate. We aggregate our operating segments into reportable segments based upon similar economic characteristics and business groupings of products, services, and customers.   

Segment
performance is evaluated based on net sales and operating income. Generally, we consider all expenses to be of an operating nature and, accordingly, allocate them to each
reportable segment. Costs specific to a segment are charged to the segment. Corporate expenses, such as headquarters administrative costs, are allocated to the segments based on segment operating
income. Intersegment sales were not material and were recorded at selling prices that approximate market prices. Corporate assets are allocated to the segments based on segment assets.   

  115  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

21. Segment and Geographic Data (Continued)    

          Net
sales and operating income by segment were as follows:   

(1)    Includes
pre-tax gain of $144 million on the sale of our CPD business during fiscal 2016.    

No
single customer accounted for a significant amount of our net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

          As
we are not organized by product or service, it is not practicable to disclose net sales by product or service.   

Depreciation
and amortization and capital expenditures were as follows:   

Segment
assets and a reconciliation of segment assets to total assets were as follows:   

(1)    Segment
assets are composed of accounts receivable, inventories, and property, plant, and equipment.    

116  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

21. Segment and Geographic Data (Continued)     

Net sales and net property, plant, and equipment by geographic region were as follows:   

(1)    Net
sales to external customers is attributed to individual countries based on the legal entity that records the sale.    

117  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)     

Summarized quarterly financial data was as follows:   

(1)    Results
for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 included a pre-tax gain of $146 million on the sale of our CPD business.
      (2)    Results
for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 included a $1,135 million income tax benefit associated with the effective settlement of tax matters for the
years 1997 through 2000 which resolved all aspects of the disputed debt matter with the IRS through the year 2007 and the related impact of $604 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax
Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien. In addition, results for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 included a $91 million income tax charge related to an increase to the
valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets, and an $83 million net income tax benefit related to tax settlements in certain other tax jurisdictions and the related impact of
$46 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Covidien.
      (3)    Results
for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 included an additional week. See Note 1 for additional information regarding our fiscal year end.
      (4)    Results
for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 included $27 million of charges from the amortization of acquisition-related fair value adjustments to acquired
inventories and customer order backlog associated primarily with Measurement Specialties. Results for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 also included a $189 million income tax benefit associated
with the effective settlement of all undisputed tax matters for the years 2001 through 2007 and the related impact of $83 million to other expense pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement with
Tyco International and Covidien.
      (5)    Results
for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 included a $216 million income tax charge associated with the tax impacts of certain intercompany legal entity
restructurings made in connection with our integration of Measurement Specialties and a $63 million income tax benefit associated with the effective settlement of all undisputed tax matters for
the years 2008 through 2010. In addition, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes included the gain on the sale of our BNS business.    

118  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A.     

Tyco Electronics Group S.A. ("TEGSA"), a Luxembourg company and our 100%-owned subsidiary, is a holding company that owns, directly or indirectly, all of our operating
subsidiaries. TEGSA is the obligor under our senior notes, commercial paper, and Credit Facility, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by its parent, TE Connectivity Ltd. The
following tables present condensed consolidating financial information for TE Connectivity Ltd., TEGSA, and all other subsidiaries that are not providing a guarantee of debt but which represent
assets of TEGSA, using the equity method of accounting.   

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016            

(1)    TEGSA
selling, general, and administrative expenses include losses of $80 million related to intercompany transactions. These losses are offset by
corresponding gains recorded by other subsidiaries.
      (2)    Includes
the internal allocation of gains and losses associated with the divestiture of our BNS business.    

119  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 25, 2015            

(1)    TEGSA
selling, general, and administrative expenses include losses of $846 million related to intercompany transactions. These losses are offset by
corresponding gains recorded by other subsidiaries.    

120  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 26, 2014            

(1)    TEGSA
selling, general, and administrative expenses include losses of $1,874 million related to intercompany transactions. These losses are offset by
corresponding gains recorded by other subsidiaries.    

121  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)     

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet   As of September 30, 2016            

122  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet   As of September 25, 2015            

123  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016            

(1)    During
fiscal 2016, other subsidiaries made distributions to TEGSA in the amount of $1,897 million and TEGSA made distributions to TE Connectivity Ltd.
in the amount of $1,250 million. Cash flows are presented based upon the nature of the distributions.
      (2)    Includes
the internal allocation of proceeds between TEGSA and other subsidiaries associated with the divestiture of our BNS business.
      (3)    Changes
in parent company equity includes cash flows related to certain intercompany equity and funding transactions, and other intercompany activity.    

124  

Table of Contents    

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)     

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 25, 2015            

(1)    During
fiscal 2015, other subsidiaries made distributions to TEGSA in the amount of $1,326 million and TEGSA made distributions to TE Connectivity Ltd.
in the amount of $1,335 million. Cash flows are presented based upon the nature of the distributions.
      (2)    Changes
in parent company equity includes cash flows related to certain intercompany equity and funding transactions, and other intercompany activity.    

125  

Table of Contents   

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

23. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows   For the Fiscal Year Ended September 26, 2014            

(1)    During
fiscal 2014, other subsidiaries made distributions to TEGSA in the amount of $1,981 million. Cash flows are presented based upon the nature of the
distributions.
      (2)    Changes
in parent company equity includes cash flows related to certain intercompany equity and funding transactions, and other intercompany activity.    

126  

Table of Contents    

      TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.     

    SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS     

    Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016, September 25, 2015, and September 26, 2014     

127  

<EX-10.5>
 2
 a2230240zex-10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5   
       
   TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.   
     
   2007 STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN   
   (AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 16, 2014)   
     
   ARTICLE I   
   PURPOSE   
     
  1.1   Purpose.   The purposes of this TE Connectivity Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of September 16, 2014) (the  Plan ) are to promote the interests of TE Connectivity Ltd. (and any successor thereto) by (i) aiding in the recruitment and retention of Directors and Employees, (ii) providing incentives to such Directors and Employees by means of performance-related incentives to achieve short-term and long-term performance goals, (iii) providing Directors and Employees an opportunity to participate in the growth and financial success of the Company, and (iv) promoting the growth and success of the Company s business by aligning the financial interests of Directors and Employees with that of the other stockholders of the Company. Toward these objectives, the Plan provides for the grant of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Annual Performance Bonuses, Long Term Performance Awards and other Stock-Based Awards.  
     
  1.2   Effective Dates; Shareholder Approval.   The Plan was originally effective June 29, 2007, the date of the dividend distribution of TE Connectivity Ltd. shares to the Tyco International Ltd. shareholders of record on the distribution date. The Plan was approved by the TE Connectivity Ltd. Board of Directors on June 4, 2007 and adopted by Tyco International Ltd., as the Company s sole shareholder, on June 4, 2007. An amendment and restatement to the Plan to ensure its compliance with Section 409A of the Code and to make certain other clarifying changes was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 13, 2009 and approved by the Company s shareholders on June 22, 2009. In order to provide for the issuance of additional shares under the Plan, an amended and restated Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 17, 2009 and was approved by the Company s shareholders on March 10, 2010. The Plan was further amended and restated on September 29, 2010. In order to provide for the issuance of additional shares under the Plan, an amended and restated Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 15, 2011 and was approved by the Company s shareholders on March 17, 2012.  This amended and restated Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on September 16, 2014 for the purpose of adding certain administrative amendments.  This Plan document also includes amendments approved by the Board on December 2, 2015.  
     
   ARTICLE II   
   DEFINITIONS   
     
  For purposes of the Plan, the following terms have the following meanings, unless another definition is clearly indicated by particular usage and context:  
     
    Acquired Company   means any business, corporation or other entity acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary.  
     
    Acquired Grantee   means the grantee of a stock-based award of an Acquired Company and may include a current or former Director of an Acquired Company.  
     
    Annual Performance Bonus   means an Award of cash or Shares granted under Section 4.4 of the Plan that is paid solely on account of the attainment of a specified performance target in relation to one or more Performance Measures.  
     
    Award   means any form of incentive or performance award granted under the Plan, whether singly or in combination, to a Participant by the Committee pursuant to any terms and conditions that the Committee may establish and set forth in the applicable Award Certificate. Awards granted under the Plan may consist of:  
     
  (a)             Stock Options   awarded pursuant to Section 4.3;  
     
  (b)             Stock Appreciation Rights   awarded pursuant to Section 4.3;  
     
  (c)             Annual Performance Bonuses   awarded pursuant to Section 4.4;  
     
  (d)             Long Term Performance Awards   awarded pursuant to Section 4.5;  
     
 1   

(e)             Other Stock-Based Awards   awarded pursuant to Section 4.6;  
     
  (f)              Director Awards   awarded pursuant to Section 4.7; and  
     
  (g)             Substitute Awards   awarded pursuant to Section 4.8.  
     
    Award Certificate   means the document issued, either in writing or an electronic medium, by the Committee or its designee to a Participant evidencing the grant of an Award.  
     
    Board   means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
     
    Cause   means misconduct that is willfully or wantonly harmful to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, monetarily or otherwise, including, without limitation, conduct that violates the Company s Code of ethical Conduct.  
     
    Change in Control   means the first to occur of any of the following events:  
     
  (a)           any  person  (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, excluding for this purpose, (i) the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary (or any person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan that acquires beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company), is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly of securities of the Company representing more than 30 percent of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; provided, however, that no Change in Control will be deemed to have occurred as a result of a change in ownership percentage resulting solely from an acquisition of securities by the Company; or  
     
  (b)           persons who, as of the Effective Date constitute the Board (the  Incumbent Directors ) cease for any reason (including without limitation, as a result of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or similar transaction) to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director of the Company subsequent to the Effective Date shall be considered an Incumbent Director if such person s election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least 50 percent of the Incumbent Directors; but provided further, that any such person whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of members of the Board or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a  person  (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) other than the Board, including by reason of agreement intended to avoid or settle any such actual or threatened contest or solicitation, shall not be considered an Incumbent Director; or  
     
  (c)           consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of at least 80 percent of the assets of the Company (a  Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own directly or indirectly more than 50 percent of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, of the company resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the outstanding voting securities of the Company; or  
     
  (d)           consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company;  
     
  provided, however, that if and to the extent that any provision of this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the occurrence of a  Change in Control,  or would change the timing and/or form of any payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a specified date or event occurring after a  Change in Control  or upon a  Change in Control Termination,  then such payment shall not be made, or such change in timing or form of payment shall not occur, unless such  Change in Control  is also a  change in ownership or effective control  of the Company within the meaning of Code  
     
 2   

Section 409A(2)(A)(v) and applicable regulations and rulings thereunder and such payment, or such associated date or event, occurs no later than two years after the date of such  Change in Control.   
     
    Change in Control Termination   means a Participant s involuntary termination of employment that occurs during the 12 month period immediately following a Change in Control. For this purpose, a Participant s involuntary termination of employment includes only the following:  
     
  (a)           termination of the Participant s employment by the Company for any reason other than for Cause, Disability or death;  
     
  (b)           termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant after one of the following events, provided that the Participant s termination of employment occurs within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the occurrence of any such event:  
     
  i.              the Company (1) assigns or causes to be assigned to the Participant duties inconsistent in any material respect with his or her position as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (2) makes or causes to be made any material adverse change in the Participant s position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or (3) takes or causes to be taken any other action which, in the reasonable judgment of the Participant, would cause him or her to violate his or her ethical or professional obligations (after written notice of such judgment has been provided by the Participant to the Company and the Company has been given a 15-day period within which to cure such action), or which results in a significant diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or  
     
  ii.             the Company, without the Participant s consent, (1) requires the Participant to relocate to a principal place of employment more than fifty (50) miles from his or her existing place of employment; or (2) reduces the Participant s base salary, annual bonus, or retirement, welfare, stock incentive, perquisite (if any) and other benefits taken as a whole.  
     
    Code   means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
     
    Committee   means the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board or any successor committee or subcommittee of the Board, which committee is comprised solely of two or more persons who are outside directors within the meaning of Section 162(m)(4)(C)(i) of the Code and the applicable regulations and nonemployee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act.  
     
    Common Stock   means the common stock of the Company, $.20 (U.S.) par value, and such other securities or property as may become subject to Awards pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 5.3 of the Plan.  
     
    Company   means TE Connectivity Ltd., a Swiss company, or any successor thereto.  
     
    Deferred Stock Unit   means a Unit granted under Section 4.6 to acquire Shares upon Termination of Directorship or Termination of Employment, subject to any restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may determine.  
     
    Director   means a member of the Board who is a  non-employee director  within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act.  
     
    Director Shares   means the award of fully-vested Shares to a Director under Section 4.6 as part of the Director s annual compensation, or under such circumstances as are deemed appropriate by the Board.  
     
    Disabled   or   Disability   means the inability of the Director or Employee to perform the material duties pertaining to such Director s directorship or such Employee s employment due to a physical or mental injury, infirmity or incapacity for 180 days (including weekends and holidays) in any 365-day period. The existence or nonexistence of a Disability shall be determined by an independent physician selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Director or Employee. Notwithstanding the above, if and to the extent that any provision of this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the occurrence of a  Disability  or upon a person becoming  Disabled,  or would cause a change in the timing or form of payment of such deferred compensation upon the occurrence of a  Disability  or upon a person becoming  Disabled,  then such payment shall not be made, or such change in timing  
     
 3   

or form of payment shall not occur, unless such  Disability  or condition of being  Disabled  satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A(2)(C) and applicable regulations and rulings thereunder.  
     
    Dividend Equivalent   means an amount equal to the cash dividend or the Fair Market Value of the stock dividend that would be paid on each Share underlying an Award if the Share were duly issued and outstanding on the date on which the dividend is payable. Dividend Equivalents will not be awarded in connection with stock option or Stock Appreciation Rights Awards.  
     
    Effective Date   means September 16, 2014. The original effective date of the TE Connectivity Ltd. Stock and Incentive Plan was, June 29, 2007, the date of the dividend distribution of TE Connectivity Ltd. shares to the Tyco International Ltd. shareholders of record on the distribution date.  
     
    Employee   means any individual who performs services as an officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary.  
     
    Exchange Act   means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
     
    Exercise Price   means the price of a Share, as fixed by the Committee, which may be purchased under a Stock Option or with respect to which the amount of any payment pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right is determined.  
     
    Fair Market Value   of a Share means the closing sales price on the New York Stock Exchange on the date as of which the determination of Fair Market Value is being made or, if no sale is reported for such day, on the next preceding day on which a sale of Shares was reported. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Fair Market Value of a Share will in no event be determined to be less than par value.  
     
    Fair Market Value Stock Option   means a Stock Option the Exercise Price of which is fixed by the Committee at a price equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.  
     
    GAAP   means United States generally accepted accounting principles.  
     
    Incentive Stock Option   means a Stock Option granted under Section 4.3 of the Plan that meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code and any related regulations and is designated in the Award Certificate to be an Incentive Stock Option.  
     
    Key Employee   means an Employee who is a  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.  
     
    Long Term Performance Award   means an Award granted under Section 4.5 of the Plan that is paid solely on account of the attainment of a specified performance target in relation to one or more Performance Measures or other performance criteria as selected in the discretion of the Committee.  
     
    Non-Employee Director   means any member of the Board, elected or appointed, who is not otherwise an Employee of the Company or a Subsidiary. An individual who is elected to the Board at an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company will be deemed to be a member of the Board as of the date of the meeting.  
     
    Nonqualified Stock Option   means any Stock Option granted under Section 4.3 of the Plan that is not an Incentive Stock Option.  
     
    Participant   means a Director, Employee or Acquired Grantee who has been granted an Award under the Plan.  
     
    Performance Cycle   means, with respect to any Award that vests based on Performance Measures, the period of 12 months or longer over which the level of performance will be assessed. The first Performance Cycle under the Plan will begin on such date as is set by the Committee, in its discretion.  
     
 4   

Performance Measure   means, with respect to any Annual Performance Bonus or Long Term Performance Award, the business criteria selected by the Committee to measure the level of performance of the Company during the Performance Cycle. The Committee may select as the Performance Measure for a Performance Cycle any one or combination of the following Company measures, as interpreted by the Committee, which measures (to the extent applicable) will be determined in accordance with GAAP:  
     
  (a)           Net operating profit after taxes;  
     
  (b)           Net operating profit after taxes, per Share;  
     
  (c)           Return on invested capital;  
     
  (d)           Return on assets or net assets;  
     
  (e)           Total shareholder return;  
     
  (f)            Relative total shareholder return (as compared with a peer group of the Company);  
     
  (g)           Earnings before income taxes;  
     
  (h)           Earnings per Share;  
     
  (i)            Net income;  
     
  (j)            Free cash flow;  
     
  (k)           Free cash flow per Share;  
     
  (l)            Revenue (or any component thereof); or  
     
  (m)          Revenue growth.  
     
    Performance Unit   means a Long Term Performance Award denominated in dollar Units.  
     
    Plan   means the TE Connectivity Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of September 16, 2014), as it may be amended from time to time.  
     
    Premium-Priced Stock Option   means a Stock Option the Exercise Price of which is fixed by the Committee at a price that exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.  
     
    Reporting Person   means a Director or an Employee who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.  
     
    Restricted Stock   means Shares issued pursuant to Section 4.6 that are subject to any restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may impose.  
     
    Restricted Unit   means a Unit granted under Section 4.6 to acquire Shares or an equivalent amount in cash, which Unit is subject to any restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may impose.  
     
    Retirement   means Termination of Employment on or after a Participant has attained age fifty-five (55) and has completed at least five years of service with the Company and its Subsidiaries.  
     
    Securities Act   means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
     
    Share   means a share of Common Stock.  
     
    Stock Appreciation Right   means a right granted under Section 4.3 of the Plan to an amount in cash or Shares equal to any difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the date on which the right is exercised and the Exercise Price, where the amount of Shares attributable to each Stock Appreciation Right is set forth on or before the grant date.  
     
 5   

Stock-Based Award   means an Award granted under Section 4.6 of the Plan and denominated in Shares.  
     
    Stock Option   means a right granted under Section 4.3 of the Plan to purchase from the Company a stated number of Shares at a specified price. Stock Options awarded under the Plan may be in the form of Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options.  
     
    Subsidiary   means a subsidiary company (wherever incorporated) of the Company; provided, that in the case of any Award that provides deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A,  Subsidiary  shall not include any subsidiary company as defined above unless such company is within a controlled group of corporations with the Company as defined in Code Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) where the phrase  at least 50%  is substituted in each place  at least 80%  appears or is with the Company part of a group of trades or businesses under common control as defined in Code Section 414(c) and Treas. Reg.   1.414(c)-2 where the phrase  at least 50%  is substituted in each place  at least 80%  appears, provided, however, that when the relevant determination is to be based upon legitimate business criteria (as described in Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) and   1.409A-1(h)(3)), the phrase  at least 20%  shall be substituted in each place  at least 50%  appears as described above with respect to both a controlled group of corporations and trades or business under common control.  
     
    Target Amount   means the amount of Performance Units that will be paid if the Performance Measure is fully (100%) attained, as determined by the Committee.  
     
    Target Vesting Percentage   means the percentage of performance- based Restricted Units or Shares of Restricted Stock that will vest if the Performance Measure is fully (100%) attained, as determined by the Committee.  
     
    Termination of Directorship   means the date of cessation of a Director s membership on the Board for any reason, with or without Cause, as determined by the Company; provided, that if and to the extent that any provision of this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the occurrence of a Termination of Directorship or would change the timing and/or form of any payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a person s Termination of Directorship, then such payment shall not be made, or such change in timing and/or form of payment shall not occur, unless such Termination of Directorship would be deemed a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and applicable regulations and rulings thereunder, and shall not include any services provided in the capacity of an employee or otherwise.  
     
    Termination of Employment   means the date of cessation of an Employee s employment relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason, with or without Cause, as determined by the Company; provided, that if and to the extent that any provision of this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the occurrence of a Termination of Employment or would change the timing and/or form of any payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a person s Termination of Employment, then such payment shall not be made or such change in timing and/or form of payment shall not occur, unless such Termination of Employment would be deemed a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and applicable regulations and rulings thereunder. Effective December 2, 2015, for purposes of the Plan, a Termination of Employment will not be deemed to have occurred in the case of an Employee who has terminated the employment relationship with the Company but continues to provide services to the Company as a member of the Board in a non-executive board position.  In such case, the Employee s termination date for purposes of the vesting, exercise and other applicable provisions of the Plan shall mean the Termination of Directorship.  
     
    Unit   means, for purposes of Performance Units, the potential right to an Award equal to a specified amount denominated in such form as is deemed appropriate in the discretion of the Committee and, for purposes of Restricted Units or Deferred Stock Units, the potential right to acquire one Share.  
     
   ARTICLE III   
   ADMINISTRATION   
     
  3.1   Committee.   The Plan will be administered by the Committee.  
     
  3.2   Authority of the Committee.   The Committee or, to the extent required by applicable law, the Board will have the authority, in its sole and absolute discretion and subject to the terms of the Plan, to:  
     
 6   

(a)           Interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to the Plan;  
     
  (b)           Prescribe the rules and regulations that it deems necessary for the proper operation and administration of the Plan, and amend or rescind any existing rules or regulations relating to the Plan;  
     
  (c)           Select Employees to receive Awards under the Plan;  
     
  (d)           Determine the form of an Award, the number of Shares subject to each Award, all the terms and conditions of an Award, including, without limitation, the conditions on exercise or vesting, the designation of Stock Options as Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options, and the circumstances in which an Award may be settled in cash or Shares or may be cancelled, forfeited or suspended, and the terms of the Award Certificate;  
     
  (e)           Determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination or in tandem;  
     
  (f)            Establish and interpret Performance Measures (or, as applicable, other performance criteria) in connection with Annual Performance Bonuses and Long Term Performance Awards, evaluate the level of performance over a Performance Cycle and certify the level of performance attained with respect to Performance Measures (or other performance criteria, as applicable);  
     
  (g)           Except as provided in Section 6.1, waive or amend any terms, conditions, restrictions or limitations on an Award, except that the prohibition on the repricing of Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, as described in Section 4.3(g), may not be waived and further provided that any such waiver or amendment shall either comply with the requirements of Section 409A or preserve any exemption from the application of Code Section 409A;  
     
  (h)           Make any adjustments to the Plan (including but not limited to adjustment of the number of Shares available under the Plan or any Award) and any Award granted under the Plan as may be appropriate pursuant to Section 5.3;  
     
  (i)            Determine and set forth in the applicable Award Certificate the circumstances under which Awards may be deferred and the extent to which a deferral will be credited with Dividend Equivalents and interest thereon;  
     
  (j)            Determine whether a Nonqualified Stock Option or Restricted Share may be transferable to family members, a family trust or a family partnership;  
     
  (k)           Establish any subplans and make any modifications to the Plan or to Awards made hereunder (including the establishment of terms and conditions not otherwise inconsistent with the terms of the Plan) that the Committee may determine to be necessary or advisable for grants made in countries outside the United States to comply with, or to achieve favorable tax treatment under, applicable foreign laws or regulations;  
     
  (l)            Appoint such agents as it shall deem appropriate for proper administration of the Plan; and  
     
  (m)          Take any and all other actions it deems necessary or advisable for the proper operation or administration of the Plan.  
     
  3.3   Effect of Determinations.   All determinations of the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons having an interest in the Plan.  
     
  3.4   Delegation of Authority.   The Board or, if permitted under applicable corporate law, the Committee, in its discretion and consistent with applicable law and regulations, may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or any other officer or group of officers as it deems to be advisable, the authority to select Employees to receive an Award and to determine the number of Shares under any such Award, subject to any terms and conditions that the Board or the Committee may establish. When the Board or the Committee delegates authority pursuant to the foregoing sentence, it will limit, in its discretion, the number of Shares or aggregate value that may be subject to Awards that the delegate may grant. Only the Committee will have authority to grant and administer Awards to Directors, Key Employees and other Reporting Persons or to delegates of the Committee, and to establish and certify Performance Measures.  
     
 7   

3.5   Employment of Advisors.   The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants and other advisors, and the Committee, the Company and the officers and directors of the Company may rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations of the advisors employed.  
     
  3.6   No Liability.   No member of the Committee or any person acting as a delegate of the Committee with respect to the Plan will be liable for any losses resulting from any action, interpretation or construction made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan.  
     
   ARTICLE IV   
   AWARDS   
     
  4.1   Eligibility.   All Participants and Employees are eligible to be designated to receive Awards granted under the Plan, except as otherwise provided in this Article IV.  
     
  4.2   Form of Awards.   Awards will be in the form determined by the Committee, in its discretion, and will be evidenced by an Award Certificate. Awards may be granted singly or in combination or in tandem with other Awards.  
     
  4.3   Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.   The Committee may grant Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan to those Employees whom the Committee may from time to time select, in the amounts and pursuant to the other terms and conditions that the Committee, in its discretion, may determine and set forth in the Award Certificate, subject to the provisions below:  
     
  (a)   Form.   Stock Options granted under the Plan will, at the discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award Certificate, be in the form of Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options or a combination of the two. If an Incentive Stock Option and a Nonqualified Stock Option are granted to the same Participant under the Plan at the same time, the form of each will be clearly identified, and they will be deemed to have been granted in separate grants. In no event will the exercise of one Award affect the right to exercise the other Award. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone or in connection with concurrently or previously granted Nonqualified Stock Options.  
     
  (b)   Exercise Price.   The Committee will set the Exercise Price of Fair Market Value Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan at a price that is equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.3. The Committee will set the Exercise Price of Premium-Priced Stock Options at a price that is higher than the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the date of grant, provided that such price is no higher than 150 percent of such Fair Market Value. The Exercise Price of Incentive Stock Options will be equal to or greater than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the date of grant if the Participant receiving the Stock Options owns stock possessing more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary or parent corporation of the Company, as defined in Section 424 of the Code. The Exercise Price of a Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Stock Option will equal the Exercise Price of the related Stock Option. The Committee will set forth the Exercise Price of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right in the Award Certificate. Stock Options granted under the Plan will, at the discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award Certificate, be Fair Market Value Stock Options, Premium-Priced Stock Options or a combination of Fair Market Value Stock Options and Premium- Priced Stock Options.  
     
  (c)   Term and Timing of Exercise.   Each Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will be exercisable in whole or in part, subject to the following conditions, unless determined otherwise by the Committee:  
     
  (i)            The Committee will determine and set forth in the Award Certificate the date on which any Award of Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to a Participant may first be exercised. Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right will become exercisable in equal annual installments over a period of four years beginning immediately after the date on which the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right was granted. The right to exercise a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right will lapse no later than 10 years after the date of grant, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws outside of the United States or to preserve the tax advantages of the Award outside the United States.  
     
 8   

(ii)           Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, upon the death or Disability of a Participant who has outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the unvested Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights will vest. Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, the Participant s Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will lapse, and will not thereafter be exercisable, upon the earlier of (A) their original expiration date or (B) the date that is three years after the date on which the Participant dies or incurs a Disability.  
     
  (iii)          Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, upon the Retirement of a Participant, a pro rata portion of the Participant s Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will vest so that the total number of vested Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights held by the Participant at Termination of Employment (including those that have already vested as of such date) will be equal to (A) the total number of Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights originally granted to the Participant under each Award multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the period of time (in whole months) that have elapsed since the date of grant, and the denominator of which is four years (or such other applicable vesting term as is set forth in the Award Certificate). Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise, such Participant s Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will lapse, and will not thereafter be exercisable, upon the earlier of (A) their original expiration date or (B) the date that is three years after the date of Termination of Employment.  
     
  (iv)          Upon the Termination of Employment of a Participant that does not meet the requirements of paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above, or as otherwise provided in Section 5.4 (Change in Control), any unvested Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights will be forfeited unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise. Any Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that are vested as of such Termination of Employment will lapse, and will not thereafter be exercisable, upon the earlier of (A) their original expiration date or (B) the date that is ninety (90) days after the date of such Termination of Employment unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise.  
     
  (v)           Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights of a deceased Participant may be exercised only by the estate of the Participant or by the person given authority to exercise the Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights by the Participant s will or by operation of law. If a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right is exercised by the executor or administrator of a deceased Participant, or by the person or persons to whom the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right has been transferred by the Participant s will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, the Company will be under no obligation to deliver Shares or cash until the Company is satisfied that the person exercising the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right is the duly appointed executor or administrator of the deceased Participant or the person to whom the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right has been transferred by the Participant s will or by applicable laws of descent and distribution.  
     
  (vi)          A Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Stock Option is subject to the same terms and conditions as the related Stock Option and will be exercisable only to the extent that the related Stock Option is exercisable.  
     
  (d)   Payment of Exercise Price.   The Exercise Price of a Stock Option must be paid in full when the Stock Option is exercised. Stock certificates will be registered and delivered only upon receipt of payment. Payment of the Exercise Price may be made in cash or by certified check, bank draft, wire transfer, or postal or express money order, provided that the format is approved by the Company or a designated third-party administrator. The Committee, in its discretion may also allow payment to be made by any of the following methods, as set forth in the Award Certificate:  
     
  (i)            Delivering a properly executed exercise notice to the Company or its agent, together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver to the Company, within the typical settlement cycle for the sale of equity securities on the relevant trading market (or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of Regulation T issued by the Federal Reserve Board), the amount of sale proceeds with respect to the portion of the Shares to be acquired having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the sum of the applicable portion of the Exercise Price being so paid;  
     
  (ii)           Tendering (actually or by attestation) to the Company previously acquired Shares that have been held by the Participant for at least six months, subject to paragraph (iv), and that have a Fair Market Value on the day prior to the date of exercise equal to the applicable portion of the Exercise Price  
     
 9   

being so paid, provided that the Board has specifically approved the repurchase of such Shares (unless such approval is not required by the terms of the bye-laws of the Company) and the Committee has determined that, as of the date of repurchase, the Company is, and after the repurchase will continue to be, able to pay its liabilities as they become due; or  
     
  (iii)          Provided such payment method has been expressly authorized by the Board or the Committee in advance and subject to any requirements of applicable law and regulations, instructing the Company to reduce the number of Shares that would otherwise be issued by such number of Shares as have in the aggregate a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the applicable portion of the Exercise Price being so paid.  
     
  (iv)          The Committee, in consideration of applicable accounting standards, may waive any holding period on Shares required to tender pursuant to clause (ii).  
     
  (e)   Incentive Stock Options.   Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan will be subject to the following additional conditions, limitations and restrictions:  
     
  (i)             Eligibility.   Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a Subsidiary that is a subsidiary or parent corporation of the Company, within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code.  
     
  (ii)            Timing of Grant.   No Incentive Stock Option will be granted under the Plan after the 10-year anniversary of the date on which the Plan is adopted by the Board or, if earlier, the date on which the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders.  
     
  (iii)           Amount of Award.   Subject to Section 5.3 of the Plan, no more than 10 million Shares may be available for grant in the form of Incentive Stock Options. The aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date of grant) of the Shares with respect to which the Incentive Stock Options awarded to any Employee first become exercisable during any calendar year may not exceed $100,000 (U.S.). For purposes of this $100,000 (U.S.) limit, the Employee s Incentive Stock Options under this Plan and all other plans maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries will be aggregated. To the extent any Incentive Stock Option would exceed the $100,000 (U.S.) limit, the Incentive Stock Option will afterwards be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option for all purposes to the extent required by the Code and underlying regulations and rulings.  
     
  (iv)           Timing of Exercise.   If the Committee exercises its discretion in the Award Certificate to permit an Incentive Stock Option to be exercised by a Participant more than three months after the Participant has ceased being an Employee (or more than 12 months if the Participant is permanently and totally disabled, within the meaning of Section 22(e) of the Code), the Incentive Stock Option will afterwards be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option to the extent required by the Code and underlying regulations and rulings. For purposes of this paragraph (iv), an Employee s employment relationship will be treated as continuing intact while the Employee is on military leave, sick leave or another approved leave of absence if the period of leave does not exceed 90 days, or a longer period to the extent that the Employee s right to reemployment with the Company or a Subsidiary is guaranteed by statute or by contract. If the period of leave exceeds 90 days and the Employee s right to reemployment is not guaranteed by statute or contract, the employment relationship will be deemed to have ceased on the 91st day of the leave.  
     
  (v)            Transfer Restrictions.   In no event will the Committee permit an Incentive Stock Option to be transferred by an Employee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and any Incentive Stock Option awarded under this Plan will be exercisable only by the Employee during the Employee s lifetime.  
     
  (f)   Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights.   Upon exercise of a Participant s Stock Appreciation Rights, the Company will pay cash or Shares or a combination of cash and Shares, in the discretion of the Committee and as described in the Award Certificate. Cash payments will be equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price, for each Share for which a Stock Appreciation Right was exercised. If Shares are paid for the Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant will receive a number of whole Shares equal to the quotient of the cash payment amount divided by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise.  
     
 10   

(g)   No Repricing.   Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.3, in no event will the Committee (i) decrease the Exercise Price of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right after the date of grant or (ii) cancel outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for a cash payment or for a grant of replacement Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with a lower Exercise Price than that of the replaced Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or other Awards, without first obtaining the approval of the holders of a majority of the Shares who are present in person or by proxy at a meeting of the Company s stockholders and entitled to vote.  
     
  4.4   Annual Performance Bonuses.   The Committee may grant Annual Performance Bonuses under the Plan in the form of cash or Shares to the Reporting Persons that the Committee may from time to time select, in the amounts and pursuant to the terms and conditions that the Committee may determine and set forth in the Award Certificate, subject to the provisions below:  
     
  (a)   Performance Cycles.   Annual Performance Bonuses will be awarded in connection with a 12-month Performance Cycle, which will be the fiscal year of the Company.  
     
  (b)   Eligible Participants.   Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Cycle, the Committee will determine the Reporting Persons who will be eligible to receive an Annual Performance Bonus under the Plan.  
     
  (c)   Performance Measures; Targets; Award Criteria.   
     
  (i)            Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Cycle, the Committee will fix and establish in writing (A) the Performance Measures that will apply to that Performance Cycle; (B) the Target Amount payable to each Participant; and (C) subject to subsection (d) below, the criteria for computing the amount that will be paid with respect to each level of attained performance. The Committee will also set forth the minimum level of performance, based on objective factors, that must be attained during the Performance Cycle before any Annual Performance Bonus will be paid and the percentage of the Target Amount that will become payable upon attainment of various levels of performance that equal or exceed the minimum required level.  
     
  (ii)           The Committee may, in its discretion, select Performance Measures that measure the performance of the Company or one or more business units, divisions or Subsidiaries of the Company. The Committee may select Performance Measures that are absolute or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or an index of comparable companies.  
     
  (iii)          The Committee, in its discretion, may, on a case-by-case basis, reduce, but not increase, the amount payable to any Key Employee with respect to any given Performance Cycle, provided, however, that no reduction will result in an increase in the amount payable under any Annual Performance Bonus of another Key Employee.  
     
  (d)   Payment, Certification.   No Annual Performance Bonus will vest with respect to any Reporting Person until the Committee certifies in writing the level of performance attained for the Performance Cycle in relation to the applicable Performance Measures. In applying Performance Measures, the Committee may, in its discretion, exclude unusual or infrequently occurring items (including any event listed in Section 5.3 and the cumulative effect of changes in the law, regulations or accounting rules), and may determine no later than ninety (90) days after the commencement of any applicable Performance Cycle to exclude other items, each determined in accordance with GAAP (to the extent applicable) and as identified in the financial statements, notes to the financial statements or discussion and analysis of management.  
     
  (e)   Form of Payment.   Annual Performance Bonuses will be paid in cash or Shares. All such Performance Bonuses shall be paid no later than the 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year (or, if later, following the end of the Company s fiscal year) in which such Performance Bonuses are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (as determined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code), except to the extent that a Participant has elected to defer payment under the terms of a duly authorized deferred compensation arrangement in which case the terms of such arrangement shall govern.  
     
  (f)   Section 162(m) of the Code.   It is the intent of the Company that Annual Performance Bonuses be  performance-based compensation  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code, that this Section 4.4 be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 162(m)(C) of the Code and related regulations, and that the Plan be operated so that the Company may take a full tax deduction for Annual Performance Bonuses. If any provision of this Plan or any Annual Performance Bonus would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict.  
     
 11   

(g)   Retirement, Death, Disability and Other Events.   If a Participant would be entitled to an Annual Performance Bonus but for the fact that the Participant s employment with the Company terminated prior to the end of the Performance Cycle as a result of the Participant s Retirement, death or Disability, or such other event as designated by the Committee, the Participant may, in the Committee s discretion, receive an Annual Performance Bonus Award, pro rated for the portion of the Performance Cycle that the Participant completed and which is payable at the same time after the end of the Performance Cycle that payments to other Annual Performance Bonus Award recipients are made.  
     
  4.5   Long Term Performance Awards.   The Committee may grant Long Term Performance Awards under the Plan in the form of Performance Units, Restricted Units or Restricted Stock to any Employee who the Committee may from time to time select, in the amounts and pursuant to the terms and conditions that the Committee may determine and set forth in the Award Certificate, subject to the provisions below:  
     
  (a)   Performance Cycles.   Long Term Performance Awards will be awarded in connection with a Performance Cycle, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, provided, however, that a Performance Cycle may be no shorter than 12 months and no longer than 5 years.  
     
  (b)   Eligible Participants.   Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Cycle, the Committee will determine the Employees who will be eligible to receive a Long Term Performance Award for the Performance Cycle, provided that the Committee may determine the eligibility of any Employee other than a Key Employee after the expiration of the 90-day period.  
     
  (c)   Performance Measures; Targets; Award Criteria.   
     
  (i)            Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Cycle, the Committee will fix and establish in writing (A) the Performance Measures that will apply to that Performance Cycle; (B) with respect to Performance Units, the Target Amount payable to each Participant; (C) with respect to Restricted Units and Restricted Stock, the Target Vesting Percentage for each Participant; and (D) subject to subsection (d) below, the criteria for computing the amount that will be paid or will vest with respect to each level of attained performance. The Committee will also set forth the minimum level of performance, based on objective factors, that must be attained during the Performance Cycle before any Long Term Performance Award will be paid or vest, and the percentage of Performance Units that will become payable and the percentage of performance- based Restricted Units or Shares of Restricted Stock that will vest upon attainment of various levels of performance that equal or exceed the minimum required level.  
     
  (ii)           The Committee may, in its discretion, select Performance Measures that measure the performance of the Company or one or more business units, divisions or Subsidiaries of the Company. The Committee may select Performance Measures that are absolute or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or an index of comparable companies.  
     
  (iii)          The Committee, in its discretion, may, on a case-by-case basis, reduce, but not increase, the amount of Long Term Performance Awards payable to any Key Employee with respect to any given Performance Cycle, provided, however, that no reduction will result in an increase in the dollar amount or number of Shares payable under any Long Term Performance Award of another Key Employee.  
     
  (iv)          With respect to Employees who are not Key Employees, the Committee may establish, in its discretion, performance criteria other than the Performance Measures that will be applicable for the Performance Cycle.  
     
  (d)   Payment, Certification.   No Long Term Performance Award will vest with respect to any Employee until the Committee certifies in writing the level of performance attained for the Performance Cycle in relation to the applicable Performance Measures. Long Term Performance Awards awarded to Participants who are not Key Employees will be based on the Performance Measures, or other applicable performance criteria, and payment formulas that the Committee, in its discretion, may establish for these purposes. These Performance Measures, or other performance criteria, and formulas may be the same as or different than the Performance Measures and formulas that apply to Key Employees.  
     
 12   

In applying Performance Measures, the Committee may, in its discretion, exclude unusual or infrequently occurring items (including any event listed in Section 5.3) and the cumulative effect of changes in the law, regulations or accounting rules, and may determine no later than ninety (90) days after the commencement of any applicable Performance Cycle to exclude other items, each determined in accordance with GAAP (to the extent applicable) and as identified in the financial statements, notes to the financial statements or discussion and analysis of management.  
     
  (e)   Form of Payment.   Long Term Performance Awards in the form of Performance Units may be paid in cash or full Shares, in the discretion of the Committee, and as set forth in the Award Certificate. Performance-based Restricted Units and Restricted Stock will be paid in full Shares. Payment with respect to any fractional Share will be in cash in an amount based on the Fair Market Value of the Share as of the date the Performance Unit becomes payable. All such Long Term Performance Awards shall be paid no later than the 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year (or, if later, following the end of the Company s fiscal year) in which such Long Term Performance Awards are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (as determined for purposes of Code Section 409A), except to the extent that a Participant has elected to defer payment under the terms of a duly authorized deferred compensation arrangement, in which case the terms of such arrangement shall govern.  
     
  (f)   Section 162(m) of the Code.   It is the intent of the Company that Long Term Performance Awards made to Key Employees be  performance-based compensation  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code, that this Section 4.5 be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 162(m)(C) of the Code and related regulations with respect to Long Term Performance awards made to Key Employees, and that the Plan be operated so that the Company may take a full tax deduction for Long Term Performance Awards. If any provision of this Plan or any Long Term Performance Award would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict.  
     
  (g)   Retirement, Death, Disability and Other Events.   If a Participant would be entitled to a Long Term Performance Award but for the fact that the Participant s employment with the Company terminated prior to the end of the Performance Cycle as a result of the Participant s Retirement, death or Disability, or such other event as designated by the Committee, the Participant may, in the Committee s discretion, receive a Long Term Performance Award, pro rated for the portion of the Performance Cycle that the Participant completed and payable at the same time after the end of the Performance Cycle that payments to other Long Term Performance Award recipients are made.  
     
  4.6   Other Stock-Based Awards.   The Committee may, from time to time, grant Awards (other than Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Annual Performance Bonuses or Long Term Performance Awards) to any Employee who the Committee may from time to time select, which Awards consist of, or are denominated in, payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise related to, Shares. These Awards may include, among other forms, Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, or Deferred Stock Units. The Committee will determine, in its discretion, the terms and conditions that will apply to Awards granted pursuant to this Section 4.6, which terms and conditions will be set forth in the applicable Award Certificate.  
     
  (a)   Vesting.   Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise, restrictions on Stock-Based Awards granted under this Section 4.6 will lapse in equal annual installments over a period of four years beginning immediately after the date of grant. If the restrictions on Stock-Based Awards have not lapsed or been satisfied as of the Participant s Termination of Employment, the Shares will be forfeited by the Participant if the termination is for any reason other than the Retirement, death or Disability of the Participant or a Change in Control. Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise, (i) all restrictions on Stock-Based Awards granted pursuant to this Section 4.6 will lapse upon the death or Disability of the Participant, (ii) in the event of Retirement, the Award will vest pro rata with respect to the portion of the four-year vesting term (or such other vesting term as is set forth in the Award Certificate) that the Participant has completed as of the Participant s Termination of Employment and provided that the Participant has satisfied all other applicable conditions established by the Committee with respect to such pro rata vesting, and (iii) in the event of a Change in Control, Stock-Based Awards will be treated in accordance with Section 5.4. In no event may the vesting period of a time-based full-value share award be less than three years (on either a cliff or graded vesting basis), except that the Committee may award up to 10 percent of the shares authorized for issuance under Section 5.1 with a vesting period of less than three years under such circumstances as it deems appropriate.  
     
  (b)   Grant of Restricted Stock.   The Committee may grant Restricted Stock to any Employee, which Shares will be registered in the name of the Participant and held for the Participant by the Company. The Participant will have all rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares, including the right to vote and to receive dividends or other distributions, except that the Shares may be subject to a vesting schedule and will be forfeited if the Participant attempts to sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Shares before the restrictions are satisfied or lapse.  
     
 13   

(c)   Grant of Restricted Units.   The Committee may grant Restricted Units to any Employee, which Units will be paid in cash or whole Shares or a combination of cash and Shares, as determined in the discretion of the Committee. The Committee will determine the terms and conditions applicable to the grant of Restricted Units, which terms and conditions will be set forth in the Award Certificate. For each Restricted Unit that vests, one Share will be paid or an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share, as set forth in the Award Certificate, will be delivered to the Participant on the applicable delivery date.  
     
  (d)   Grant of Deferred Stock Units.   The Committee may grant Deferred Stock Units to any Employee, which Units will be paid in whole Shares upon the Employee s Termination of Employment if the restrictions on the Units have lapsed. One Share will be paid for each Deferred Stock Unit that becomes payable.  
     
  (e)   Dividends and Dividend Equivalents.   At the discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the applicable Award Certificate, dividends issued on Shares may be paid immediately or withheld and deferred in the Participant s account. In the event of a payment of dividends on Common Stock, the Committee may credit Restricted Units with Dividend Equivalents in accordance with terms and conditions established in the discretion of the Committee. Dividend Equivalents will be subject to such vesting terms as is determined by the Committee and may be distributed immediately or withheld and deferred in the Participant s account as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Certificate. Deferred Stock Units may, in the discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award Certificate, be credited with Dividend Equivalents or additional Deferred Stock Units. The number of any Deferred Stock Units credited to a Participant s account upon the payment of a dividend will be equal to the quotient produced by dividing the cash value of the dividend by the Fair Market Value of one Share as of the date the dividend is paid. The Committee will determine any terms and conditions on deferral of a dividend or Dividend Equivalent, including the rate of interest to be credited on deferral and whether interest will be compounded.  
     
  4.7   Director Awards.   
     
  (a)           The Committee may grant Deferred Stock Units to each Director in such an amount as the Board, in its discretion, may approve in advance. Each such Deferred Stock Unit will vest as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Certificate and will be paid in Shares within 30 days following the recipient s Termination of Directorship, subject to deferral under any applicable deferred compensation plan approved by the Committee, in which case the terms of such arrangement shall govern. Dividend Equivalents or additional Deferred Stock Units will be credited to each Director s account when dividends are paid on Common Stock to the shareholders, and will be paid to the Director at the same time that the Deferred Stock Units are paid to the Director.  
     
  (b)           The Committee may grant Director Shares to each Director in such amounts as the Board, in its discretion, may approve in advance.  
     
  (c)           The Committee may, in its discretion, grant Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and other Stock-Based Awards to Directors.  
     
  4.8   Substitute Awards.   The Committee may make Awards under the Plan to Acquired Grantees through the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding Stock-Based Awards previously granted to such Acquired Grantees. Such assumed or substituted Awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of the original awards made by the Acquired Company, with such adjustments therein as the Committee considers appropriate to give effect to the relevant provisions of any agreement for the acquisition of the Acquired Company, provided that any such adjustment with respect to Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall satisfy the requirements of Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) and otherwise ensure that such awards continue to be exempt from Code Section 409A and provided that any adjustment to Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A is in compliance with Code Section 409A and the regulations and rulings thereunder. Any grant of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to this Section 4.8 will be made in accordance with Section 424 of the Code and any final regulations published thereunder.  
     
  4.9   Limit on Individual Grants.   Subject to Sections 5.1 and 5.3, no Employee may be granted more than 6 million Shares over any calendar year pursuant to Awards of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and performance- based Restricted Stock and Restricted Units, except that an incentive Award of no more than 10 million Shares may be made pursuant to Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and performance-based Restricted Stock and Restricted Units to any person who has been hired within the calendar year as a Key Employee. The maximum amount that may be paid in cash or Shares pursuant to Annual Performance Bonuses or Long Term Performance Awards paid in Performance Units to any one Employee is $10 million (U.S.) for any Performance Cycle of 12 months. For any longer Performance Cycle, this maximum will be adjusted proportionally.  
     
 14   

4.10   Termination for Cause; Clawback.   (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Participant incurs a Termination of Directorship or Termination of Employment for Cause, then all Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Annual Performance Bonuses, Long Term Performance Awards, Restricted Units, Restricted Stock and other Stock-Based Awards will immediately be cancelled. The exercise of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right or the payment of any Award may be delayed, in the Committee s discretion, in the event that a potential termination for Cause is pending, subject to ensuring an exemption from or compliance with Code Section 409A and the underlying regulations and rulings. If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment for Cause, or the Company becomes aware (after the Participant s Termination of Employment) of conduct on the part of the Participant that would be grounds for a Termination of Employment for Cause, then the Participant will be required to deliver to the Company (i) Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, cash) in an amount that is equal in value to the amount of any profit the Participant realized upon the exercise of an Option during the period beginning six (6) months prior to the Participant s Termination of Employment and ending on the two (2) year anniversary of such Termination of Employment; and (ii) the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said shares) the Participant received for Restricted Shares, Restricted Units or other Stock-Based Awards that vested during the period described in (i) above.  
     
  (b)           In addition, the Committee shall have the authority to establish any other terms and conditions applicable to Awards (including the mandatory return of all or any portion of the value previously realized by a Participant upon the vesting or exercise of an Award) as are deemed necessary and/or appropriate to recover amounts mistakenly paid to Participants (as a result of incorrect financial data or otherwise), including provisions intended to comply with applicable rules adopted or to be adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, New York Stock Exchange or any other governmental agency or stock exchange having the authority to establish rules affecting the payment of compensation under this Plan.  
     
   ARTICLE V   
   SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN; ADJUSTMENTS   
     
  5.1   Shares Available.   The Shares issuable under the Plan will be authorized but unissued Shares, and, to the extent permissible under applicable law, Shares acquired by the Company, any Subsidiary or any other person or entity designated by the Company. The original number of shares issuable under the Plan on and after the original effective date of the Plan (June 29, 2007) was five percent (5%) of the Shares outstanding as of that date. On March 10, 2010, the shareholders of the Company authorized an additional fifteen million (15,000,000) shares issuable under the Plan. On March 7, 2012, the shareholders of the Company authorized an additional twenty million (20,000,000) shares issuable under the Plan. The total number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be issued under the Plan on and after the Effective Date may equal, but not exceed, the total number of shares remaining from the original number of shares issuable under the Plan, plus the additional fifteen million (15,000,000) shares authorized on March 10, 2010, plus the additional twenty million (20,000,000) shares authorized on March 7, 2012, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 5.3; provided that when Shares are issued pursuant to a grant of Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Units or as payment of an Annual Performance Bonus or other Stock-Based Award, the total number of Shares remaining available for grant will be decreased by a margin of at least 1.8 per Share issued. In addition, in the case of the settlement of any stock-settled Stock Appreciation Right, the total number of Shares available for grant will be decreased by the total number of Shares equal in value to the total value of the Stock Appreciation Right on the day of settlement. No more than 10 million Shares of the total Shares issuable under the Plan may be available for grant in the form of Incentive Stock Options.  
     
  5.2   Counting Rules.   The following Shares related to Awards under this Plan may again be available for issuance under the Plan, in addition to the Shares described in Section 5.1:  
     
  (a)           Shares related to Awards paid in cash;  
     
  (b)           Shares related to Awards that expire, are forfeited or cancelled or terminate for any other reason without issuance of Shares, and provided that each such forfeited, cancelled or terminated Share that was originally issued pursuant to a grant of Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Units or as payment of an Annual Performance Bonus or other Stock- Based Award shall be counted as 1.8 Share;  
     
  (c)           Any Shares issued in connection with Awards that are assumed, converted or substituted as a result of the acquisition of an Acquired Company by the Company or a combination of the Company with another company; and  
     
  (d)           Any Shares of Restricted Stock that are returned to the Company upon a Participant s Termination of Employment.  
     
 15   

5.3   Adjustments.   In the event of a change in the outstanding Shares by reason of a stock split, reverse stock split, dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, reorganization, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities or similar corporate transaction or event, the Committee shall make an appropriate adjustment to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. Any such adjustment with respect to Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall satisfy the requirements of Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) and otherwise ensure that such awards continue to be exempt from Code Section 409A, and any adjustment to Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A shall comply with Code Section 409A and the regulations and rulings thereunder. Any adjustment made by the Committee under this Section 5.3 will be conclusive and binding for all purposes under the Plan.  
     
  5.4   Change in Control.   
     
  (a)           Unless otherwise provided under the terms of an applicable Award Certificate, (i) all outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will become exercisable as of the effective date of a Participant s Change in Control Termination if the Awards are not otherwise vested, and all conditions will be waived with respect to outstanding Restricted Stock, Restricted Units and other Stock-Based Awards (other than Long Term Performance Awards) and Deferred Stock Units, and (ii) each Participant who has been granted an Annual Performance Bonus or Long Term Performance Award that is outstanding as of the date of such Participant s Change in Control Termination will be deemed to have achieved a level of performance, as of the Change in Control Termination, that would cause all (100%) of the Participant s Target Amounts to become payable and all restrictions on the Participant s Restricted Units and Shares of Restricted Stock to lapse. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in its discretion (either when the award is granted or any time thereafter), in the event that Awards outstanding as of the date of a Change in Control that are payable in shares of Company Common Stock will not be substituted with comparable awards payable or redeemable in shares of publicly-traded stock after the Change in Control, each such outstanding Award (i) will become fully vested (at target, where applicable) immediately prior to the Change in Control and (ii) each such Award that is a Stock Option will be settled in cash, without the Participant s consent, for an amount equal to the amount that could have been attained upon the exercise of such Award immediately prior to the Change in Control had such Award been exercisable or payable at such time.  
     
  (b)           In addition to the other actions described in Section 5.4(a), in the event of a Change in Control the Committee may take any one or more of the following actions with respect to any or all outstanding Awards, without the consent of the Participant: (i) the Committee may determine that outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be fully exercisable, and restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units and other Stock-Based Awards shall lapse, as of the date of the Change in Control or such other time (prior to a Participant s Change in Control Termination) as the Committee determines, (ii) the Committee may require that a Participant surrender their outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for one or more payments by the Company, in cash or Common Stock as determined by the Committee, in an amount equal to the amount by which the then Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Participant s unexercised Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exceeds the exercise price, if any, and on such terms as the Committee determines, (iii) after giving Participants an opportunity to exercise their outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the Committee may terminate any or all unexercised Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights at such time as the Committee deems appropriate, (iv) the Committee may determine that Annual Performance Bonuses and/or Long Term Performance Awards will be paid out at their target level, in cash or Common Stock as determined by the Committee, or (v) the Committee may determine that Awards that remain outstanding after the Change in Control shall be converted to similar grants of, or assumed by, the surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation or successor). Such acceleration, surrender, termination, settlement or conversion shall take place as of the date of the Change in Control or such other date as the Committee may specify. The Committee may specify how an Award will be treated in the event of a Change in Control either when the Award is granted or at any time thereafter, except as otherwise provided herein.  
     
  5.5   Fractional Shares.   No fractional Shares will be issued under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.5(e), if a Participant acquires the right to receive a fractional Share under the Plan, the Participant will receive, in lieu of the fractional Share, a full Share as of the date of settlement, unless otherwise provided by the Committee.  
     
 16   

ARTICLE VI   
   AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION   
     
  6.1   Amendment.   The Plan may be amended at any time and from time to time by the Board without the approval of stockholders of the Company, except that no material revision to the terms of the Plan will be effective until the amendment is approved by the stockholders of the Company. A revision is  material  for this purpose if, among other changes, it materially increases the number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (other than an increase pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Plan), expands the types of Awards available under the Plan, materially expands the class of persons eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, materially extends the term of the Plan, materially decreases the Exercise Price at which Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted, reduces the Exercise Price of outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, or results in the replacement of outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights with new Awards that have an Exercise Price that is lower than the Exercise Price of the replaced Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. No amendment of the Plan or any outstanding Award made without the Participant s written consent may adversely affect any right of a Participant with respect to an outstanding Award.  
     
  6.2   Termination.   The Plan will terminate upon the earlier of the following dates or events to occur:  
     
  (a)           the adoption of a resolution of the Board terminating the Plan; or  
     
  (b)           the day before the 10th anniversary of the adoption of the Plan by the Company s shareholder as described in Section 1.2.  
     
  No Awards will be granted under this Plan after it has terminated. The termination of the Plan, however, will not alter or impair any of the rights or obligations of any person under any Award previously granted under the Plan without such person s consent. After the termination of the Plan, any previously granted Awards will remain in effect and will continue to be governed by the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Certificate.  
     
   ARTICLE VII   
   GENERAL PROVISIONS   
     
  7.1   Nontransferability of Awards.   No Award under the Plan will be subject in any manner to alienation, anticipation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or transfer, and no other persons will otherwise acquire any rights therein, except as provided below.  
     
  (a)           Any Award may be transferred by (i) will or by the laws of descent or distribution or (ii) under rules to be established by the Company, to a Participant s spouse or former spouse in accordance with a domestic relations order or domestic settlement agreement associated with the dissolution of the Participant s marriage.  
     
  (b)           The Committee may provide in the applicable Award Certificate that all or any part of a Nonqualified Option or Shares of Restricted Stock may, subject to the prior written consent of the Committee, be transferred to a family member. For purposes of this subsection (b),  family member  includes any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the Participant, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the Participant s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than 50 percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Participant) own more than 50 percent of the voting interests.  
     
  Any transferred Award will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions as provided in the Plan and the applicable Award Certificate. The Participant or the Participant s estate will remain liable for any withholding tax that may be imposed by any federal, state or local tax authority. The Committee may, in its discretion, disallow all or a part of any transfer of an Award pursuant to this subsection (b) unless and until the Participant makes arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for the payment of any withholding tax. The Participant must immediately notify the Committee, in the form and manner required by the Committee, of any proposed transfer of an Award pursuant to this subsection (b). No transfer will be effective until the Committee consents to the transfer in writing.  
     
  (c)           Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Certificate, any Nonqualified Stock Option transferred by a Participant pursuant to this subsection (c) may be exercised by the transferee only to the extent that the Award would have been exercisable by the Participant had no transfer occurred. The transfer of Shares upon exercise of the Award will be conditioned on the payment of any withholding tax.  
     
 17   

(d)           Restricted Stock may be freely transferred after the restrictions lapse or are satisfied and the Shares are delivered, provided, however, that Restricted Stock awarded to an affiliate of the Company may be transferred only pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an effective registration for resale under the Securities Act. For purposes of this subsection (d),  affiliate  will have the meaning assigned to that term under Rule 144.  
     
  (e)           In no event may a Participant transfer an Incentive Stock Option other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  
     
  7.2   Withholding of Taxes.   The Committee, in its discretion, may satisfy a Participant s tax withholding obligations by any of the following methods or any method as it determines to be in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Participant resides, has domicile or performs services.  
     
  (a)   Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.   As a condition to the delivery of Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee may require that the Participant, at the time of exercise, pay to the Company by cash, certified check, bank draft, wire transfer or postal or express money order an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations. The Committee may also, in its discretion, accept payment of tax withholding obligations through any of the Exercise Price payment methods described in Section 4.3(d).  
     
  (b)   Other Awards Payable in Shares.   The Participant shall satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligations arising in connection with the release of restrictions on Restricted Units, Restricted Stock and other Stock- Based Awards by payment to the Company in cash or by certified check, bank draft, wire transfer or postal or express money order, provided that the format is approved by the Company or a designated third-party administrator. However, subject to any requirements of applicable law, the Company may also satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligations by other methods, including selling or withholding Shares that would otherwise be available for delivery, provided that the Board or the Committee has specifically approved such payment method in advance.  
     
  (c)   Cash Awards.   The Company may satisfy a Participant s tax withholding obligation arising in connection with the payment of any Award in cash by withholding cash from such payment.  
     
  7.3   Special Forfeiture Provision.   The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in an Award Certificate that the Participant may not, within two years of the Participant s Termination of Employment with the Company, enter into any employment or consultation arrangement (including service as an agent, partner, stockholder, consultant, officer or director) with any entity or person engaged in any business in which the Company or any Subsidiary is engaged without prior written approval of the Committee if, in the sole judgment of the Committee, the business is competitive with the Company or any Subsidiary or business unit or such employment or consultation arrangement would present a risk that the Participant would likely disclose Company proprietary information (as determined by the Committee). If the Committee makes a determination that this prohibition has been violated, the Participant (i) will forfeit all rights under any outstanding Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right that was granted subject to the Award Certificate and will return to the Company the amount of any profit realized upon an exercise of all Awards during the period, as the Committee determines and sets forth in the Award Certificate, beginning no earlier than six months prior to the Participant s Termination of Employment, and (ii) will forfeit and return to the Company any Annual Performance Bonuses, Performance Units, Shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Units (including any credited Dividend Equivalents), Deferred Stock Units, and other Stock-Based Awards that are outstanding on the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment, subject to the Award Certificate, and have not vested or that had vested and remain subject to this Section 7.3 during a period, as the Committee determines and sets forth in the Award Certificate, beginning no earlier than six months prior to the Participant s Termination of Employment.  
     
  7.4   No Implied Rights.   The establishment and operation of the Plan, including the eligibility of a Participant to participate in the Plan, will not be construed as conferring any legal or other right upon any Director for any continuation of directorship or any Employee for the continuation of employment through the end of any Performance Cycle or other period. The Company expressly reserves the right, which may be exercised at any time and in the Company s sole discretion, to discharge any individual or treat him or her without regard to the effect such discharge might have upon him or her as a Participant in the Plan.  
     
  7.5   No Obligation to Exercise Awards.   The grant of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right will impose no obligation upon the Participant to exercise the Award.  
     
  7.6   No Rights as Stockholders.   A Participant who is granted an Award under the Plan will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Award unless and until certificates for the Shares underlying the Award are registered in the Participant s name and (other than in the case of Restricted Stock) delivered to the Participant. The right of any Participant to receive an Award by virtue of participation in the Plan will be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company.  
     
 18   

7.7   Indemnification of Committee.   The Company will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each person made or threatened to be made a party to any civil or criminal action or proceeding by reason of the fact that the person, or the executor or administrator of the person s estate, is or was a member of the Committee or a delegate of the Committee.  
     
  7.8   No Required Segregation of Assets.   Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by Awards granted pursuant to the Plan.  
     
  7.9   Nature of Payments.   All Awards made pursuant to the Plan are in consideration of services for the Company or a Subsidiary. Any gain realized pursuant to Awards under the Plan constitutes a special incentive payment to the Participant and will not be taken into account as compensation for purposes of any other employee benefit plan of the Company or a Subsidiary, except as the Committee otherwise provides. The adoption of the Plan will have no effect on Awards made or to be made under any other benefit plan covering an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary or any predecessor or successor of the Company or a Subsidiary.  
     
  7.10   Securities Law Compliance.   Awards under the Plan are intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. If any provision of this Plan or any grant of an Award would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, that provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid conflict. No Participant will be entitled to a grant, exercise, transfer or payment of any Award if the grant, exercise, transfer or payment would violate the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or any other applicable law.  
     
  7.11   Section 409A Compliance.   To the extent the Committee determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Certificate evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and the Award Certificate will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, in the event that the Committee determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may adopt such amendments to the Plan and/or the applicable Award Certificate or adopt policies and procedures or take any other action or actions, including an action or amendment with retroactive effect, that the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the Award from the application of Section 409A of the Code or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Any Award that provides for a payment to any Participant who is a  specified employee  of deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) and that becomes payable upon, or that is accelerated upon, such Participant s Termination of Employment, shall also provide that no such payment shall be made on or before the date which is six months following such Participant s Termination of Employment (or, if earlier, such Participant s death). A specified employee for this purpose shall be determined by the Committee or its delegate in accordance with the provisions of Code Section 409A and the regulations and rulings thereunder.  
     
  7.12   Governing Law, Severability.   The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken under the Plan will be governed by the law of Switzerland and construed accordingly. If any provision of the Plan is held unlawful or otherwise invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the unlawfulness, invalidity or unenforceability will not affect any other parts of the Plan, which parts will remain in full force and effect.  
     
 19   

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 a2230240zex-10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11   
       
   TE Connectivity Ltd.  2007 Stock and Incentive Plan   
     
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   OF   
   PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD   
     
  PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD made as of             .  
     
  1.              Grant of Award.   TE Connectivity Ltd. (the  Company ) has granted you       TE Connectivity Performance Stock Units, subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement.  The Company will hold the Performance Stock Units in a bookkeeping account on your behalf until they become payable or are forfeited or cancelled.  
     
  2.              Payment Amount.   Each Performance Stock Unit represents one (1) Share of Common Stock.  
     
  3.              Form of Payment.   Vested Performance Stock Units will be redeemed solely for Shares, subject to Section 15.  
     
  4.              Performance Stock Units/Dividends.   Performance Stock Units are a promise to deliver Common Stock upon a specified delivery date, provided that certain vesting and performance requirements are met, as described in this Agreement and Appendix A.  For each Performance Stock Unit that is granted to you under this Award (based on the target number of units awarded), you will be credited with a Dividend Equivalent Unit (DEU) for any cash or stock dividends distributed by the Company on Company Common Stock.  DEUs will be calculated at the same dividend rate paid to other holders of Common Stock.  The number of DEUs that will vest and be delivered to you in the form of Shares will depend on the actual number of underlying Performance Stock Units that are earned and vested, as more fully described in this Agreement and Appendix A. Thus, the number of Shares delivered in conjunction with the DEUs credited to your Performance Stock Unit award will be adjusted (upward or downward) to reflect the actual number of Performance Stock Units that are earned and vested.  
     
  5.              Time of Delivery.   Except as otherwise provided for in this Award Agreement, vested Performance Stock Units and Dividend Equivalent Units shall be delivered to participants in the form of Shares as soon as is administratively feasible following the specified  Delivery Date , as described in paragraph 6 below.  
     
  6.              Normal Vesting.   Subject to the attainment of the performance metrics described in Appendix A, your Performance Stock Unit Award will vest on the later of (a) the third anniversary of the Grant Date or (b) the  Certification Date  for the performance results of the  Performance Cycle , as more fully described in Appendix A. Except as provided in paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 below, the Delivery Date of the Shares will be after the November 30th following  
     
 1   

the end of the Performance Cycle (as defined in Appendix A), but in any case, no earlier than the Certification Date following the close of the Performance Cycle and no later than 90 days after such November 30th.  No credit will be given for periods following Termination of Employment.  
     
  7.              Termination of Employment.   Any Performance Stock Units and DEUs that have not vested as of your Termination of Employment, other than as set forth in paragraphs  8, 9, 10 and 11,  will immediately be forfeited, and your rights with respect to those Performance Stock Units and DEUs will end.  
     
  8.              Death or Disability.   If you die or become Disabled, your Performance Stock Unit Award will vest in full at 100% of the original target shares granted to you.  Such vested Performance Stock Units will be delivered to you as soon as administratively practicable following the date of Death or Disability event, but in no case after the later of the end of the calendar year in which the death or Disability occurs or two and a half months following the death or Disability date.  If you are deceased, the payment of your vested Performance Stock Units, consistent with the delivery timing described in the preceding sentence, will be made to your estate after the Committee or its designee has determined that the payee is the duly appointed executor or administrator of your estate.  
     
   9.              Retirement.   If your Termination of employment occurs after you have attained age 55 and have completed at least five years of service, and you have performed satisfactorily, as determined in the sole discretion of your manager, and are not terminated for Cause, (a) your Performance Stock Unit Award will vest pro rata (standard rounding to the nearest Unit, in full-month increments)  based on (i) the number of whole months  that you have completed from the first day of the Performance Cycle through your Termination of Employment divided by thirty-six (36), times (ii) the number of Performance Stock Units that are actually earned for the Performance Cycle in accordance with the terms of Appendix A; and (b) any remaining Performance Stock Units will be immediately forfeited.  Such vested Performance Stock Units will be delivered to you after the November 30th following the third anniversary of the grant date, but in any case, no earlier than the Certification Date for the performance results following the close of the fiscal year in which your Termination of Employment occurs and no later than 90 days after such November 30th.  Notwithstanding the terms of this paragraph 9, a Termination of Employment within 12 months of the Grant Date will result in the immediate forfeiture of your Performance Stock Unit Award, except as otherwise provided for in paragraphs 8, 10, or 11. 
     
  10.           Change in Control.   Except as may be otherwise provided by the Committee, if your employment is terminated following a Change in Control, as defined in the Plan, your Performance Stock Unit Award will become vested as described below, provided that:  
     
  (a) your employment is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason other than Cause, Disability or Death in the twelve-month period following the Change in Control; or  
     
  (b) you terminate your employment with the Company or your employing Subsidiary within the twelve-month period following the Change in Control as a result of, and within 180 days following, the occurrence of one of the following events:  
     
 2   

i.         the Company or your employing Subsidiary (1) assigns or causes to be assigned to you duties inconsistent in any material respect with your position as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (2) makes or causes to be made any material adverse change in your position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or (3) takes or causes to be taken any other action which, in your reasonable judgment, would cause you to violate your ethical or professional obligations (after written notice of such judgment has been provided by you to the Company and the Company has been given a 15-day period within which to cure such action), or which results in a significant diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or 
     
  ii.      the Company or your employing subsidiary, without your consent, (1) requires you to relocate to a principal place of employment more than fifty (50) miles from your existing place of employment; or (2) reduces your base salary, annual bonus, or retirement, welfare, stock incentive, perquisite (if any) and other benefits taken as a whole. 
     
  If you meet the requirements described in the previous sentence, your Performance Stock Unit Award will vest  in full at 100% of your original target shares (or any other equity or compensation award granted in replacement of your Performance Stock Unit Award as a result of the Change in Control, as applicable). Such vested Performance Stock Units (or other equity or compensation award granted in replacement of your Performance Stock Unit Award as a result of the Change in Control, as applicable) will be delivered on the later of (1) as soon as administratively practicable after your Termination of Employment following the Change in Control event or (2) the date that is six months following your Termination of Employment. 
     
   11.           Termination of Employment with a TE Affiliate as a Result of a Divestiture or Outsourcing.    If the business in which you are employed is being separated from the Company as a result of a Disposition of Assets, Disposition of a Subsidiary or an Outsourcing Agreement, and, as of the closing date of the applicable transaction you are designated in the transaction documents (either individually or by classification) as a Business Employee (or similar designation) who will be terminating employment with the Company either because (i) you will remain with the separated business after the transaction or be transferred to the employment of the buyer or Outsourcing Agent as a result of the transaction, or (ii) you will not be offered continued employment by the Company, buyer or Outsourcing Agent after the close of the transaction, then (a)  your Performance Stock Unit Award will vest pro rata (standard rounding to the nearest Unit, in full-month increments) on the closing date based on (i) the number of whole months from the first day of the performance cycle through the closing date of the applicable transaction divided by thirty six (36), times (ii) the target number of  Performance Stock Units that were originally granted and (b) any remaining Performance Stock Units will be forfeited.  In the case of a Divestiture through a Disposition of Assets or an Outsourcing Agreement for participants who have not reached Retirement eligibility (as described in paragraph 9. above) as of the close of the Disposition of Assets or the Outsourcing Agreement date, such vested Performance Stock Units will be delivered as soon as administratively practicable following the close of the Divestiture.  In no event will such vested shares be delivered after the later of the end of the calendar year in which the Divestiture takes place or the date that is two and a half months after the Divestiture closing date.  In the case of a Divestiture 
     
 3   

through a Disposition of Assets or an Outsourcing Agreement for participants who have reached Retirement eligibility (as described in paragraph 9. above) as of the close Disposition of Assets or the Outsourcing Agreement date, such vested Performance Stock Units will be delivered after the third November 30th following the grant date, but in any case, no earlier than the Certification Date for the performance results following the close of the fiscal year in which your Termination occurs and no later than 90 days after such November 30  th .  In the case of a Divestiture through a Disposition of a Subsidiary, the vested Performance Stock Units will be delivered as soon as administratively practicable following the close of the Divestiture. In no event will such vested shares be delivered after the later of the end of the calendar year in which the Divestiture takes place or the date that is two and a half months after the Divestiture closing date.  If you become entitled to the pro-rated vesting described in this Section 11, you will not be entitled to any further vesting in your Performance Stock Unit Award unless you are transferred to employment with the Company in a position outside of the business that is being separated from the Company (with the intent of continued employment with the Company outside of the separated business) after the closing date of the applicable transaction, but prior  to your termination of employment as a result of the Disposition of Assets, Disposition of a Subsidiary or an Outsourcing Agreement. 
     
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not be eligible for the pro-rata vesting if, (i) your Termination of Employment occurs on or prior to the closing date of such Disposition of Assets or Disposition of a Subsidiary, as applicable, or on such later date as is specifically provided in the applicable transaction agreement or related agreements, or on the effective date of such Outsourcing Agreement applicable to you (the  Applicable Employment Date ), and (ii) you are offered Comparable Employment with the buyer, successor company or outsourcing agent, as applicable, but do not commence such employment on the Applicable Employment Date.  
     
  For the purposes of this Section 11, (a)  Comparable Employment  shall mean employment at a base salary rate and bonus target that is at least equal to the base salary rate and bonus target in effect immediately prior to your termination of employment and at a location that is no more than 50 miles from your job location in effect immediately prior to your termination of employment; (b)  Disposition of Assets  shall mean the disposition by the Company or a Subsidiary of all or a portion of the assets used by the Company or Subsidiary in a trade or business to an unrelated corporation or entity;  (c)  Disposition of a Subsidiary  shall mean the disposition by the Company or a Subsidiary of its interest in a subsidiary or controlled entity to an unrelated individual or entity, provided that such subsidiary or entity ceases to be an affiliated company as a result of such disposition; and (d)  Outsourcing Agreement  shall mean a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and an unrelated third party ( Outsourcing Agent ) pursuant to which the Company transfers the performance of services previously performed by employees of the Company or Subsidiary to the Outsourcing Agent, and the Outsourcing Agreement includes an obligation of the Outsourcing Agent to offer employment to any employee whose employment is being terminated as a result of or in connection with said Outsourcing Agreement.  
     
   12.            Responsibility for Taxes.   Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), by accepting the Award, you acknowledge that  
     
 4   

the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.   Further, if you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
     
  Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  
     
  (1)                                    withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer; or 
     
  (2)                                    withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the Performance Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); or 
     
  (3)                                    withholding in Shares to be issued upon vesting of the Performance Stock Units. 
     
  To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  
     
  Finally, you shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.  
     
  For tax withholding purposes, the value of vested Shares will be  based on the fair market value defined as the average of the high and low of the stock price reported on the date of delivery or such other reasonable and permissible date as determined by the Plan Administrator. 
     
  13.           Transfer of Award.   You may not transfer any interest in Performance Stock Units except (a) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or (b) under rules established by the Company, to your spouse or former spouse in accordance with the terms of a domestic  
     
 5   

relations order or settlement agreement associated with the dissolution of your marriage to that spouse or former spouse.  Any other attempt to dispose of your interest in Performance Stock Units will be null and void.  
     
  14.           Covenant; Forfeiture of Award; Agreement to Reimburse Company.   
     
  (a)           If you have been terminated for Cause, any unvested Performance Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited and, in addition, you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said shares) you received for Performance Stock Units that vested during the period six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment through the date of Termination of Employment.  
     
  (b)           If, after your Termination of Employment, the Committee determines in its sole discretion that while you were a Company or Subsidiary employee you engaged in activity that would have constituted grounds for the Company or Subsidiary to terminate your employment for Cause, then you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said shares) you received for Performance Stock Units that vested during the period six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment through the date of Termination of Employment.  
     
  (c)           If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that at any time after your Termination of Employment and prior to the second anniversary of your Termination of Employment you (i) disclosed business confidential or proprietary information related to any business of the Company or Subsidiary or (ii) have entered into an employment or consultation arrangement (including any arrangement for employment or service as an agent, partner, stockholder, consultant, officer or director) with any entity or person engaged in a business and (A) such employment or consultation arrangement would likely (in the Committee s sole discretion) result in the disclosure of business confidential or proprietary information related to any business of the Company or a Subsidiary to a business that is competitive with any Company or Subsidiary business as to which you have had access to business strategic or confidential information, and  (B) the Committee has not approved the arrangement in writing, then you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said shares) you received for Performance Stock Units that vested during the period six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment through the date of Termination of Employment.  
     
   (d)            The Committee shall be entitled to require that you repay all or part of any amount received (whether in cash or stock) pursuant to the terms of this Award (i) to the extent it deems it necessary or appropriate to comply with any future rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, New York Stock Exchange or any other governmental agency, as they may be amended from time to time, or (ii) to the extent otherwise deemed appropriate by the Committee to recover any overpayment or mistaken payment that was based on deficient financial information, and you hereby agree and promise to promptly remit to the Company any such amount.  
     
 6   

15.           Adjustments.   In the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, reorganization, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities, the issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities, or other similar corporate transaction or event, the Committee shall adjust the number and kind of Shares covered by the Performance Stock Units and other relevant provisions to the extent necessary to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be provided by the Performance Stock Units.  
     
  16.           Restrictions on Payment of Shares.   Payment of Shares for your Performance Stock Units is subject to the conditions that, to the extent required at the time of delivery, (a) the Shares underlying the Performance Stock Units will be duly listed, upon official notice of redemption, upon the NYSE, and (b) a Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the Shares will be effective.  The Company will not be required to deliver any Common Stock until all applicable federal and state laws and regulations have been complied with and all legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the Shares have been approved by counsel of the Company.  
     
  17.           Disposition of Securities.   By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the Company s insider trading policy, and are aware of and understand your obligations under federal securities laws in respect of trading in the Company s securities.  The Company will have the right to recover, or receive reimbursement for, any compensation or profit realized on the disposition of Shares received for Performance Stock Units to the extent that the Company has a right of recovery or reimbursement under applicable securities laws.  
     
  18.           Plan Terms Govern.   The redemption of Performance Stock Units, the disposition of any Shares received for Performance Stock Units, and the treatment of any gain on the disposition of these Shares are subject to the terms of the Plan and any rules that the Committee may prescribe.  The Plan document, as may be amended from time to time, is incorporated into this Award Agreement.  Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement have the meaning set forth in the Plan, unless otherwise stated in this Award Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement, the Plan will control.  By accepting the Award, you acknowledge receipt of the Plan and the prospectus, as in effect on the date of this Award Agreement.  
     
   19.            Data Privacy .  By accepting the Award, you hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, your Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries (or former Subsidiaries as are deemed necessary) for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  
     
  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Stock Units  
     
 7   

or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan ( Data ).  
     
  You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  You understand that these recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local Human Resources Representative.  You authorize the Company and the recipients assisting the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local Human Resources Representative.  You understand, however, that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local Human Resources Representative.  
     
  20.           Nature of Grant .  By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that:  
     
  (a)           the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time;  
     
  (b)           the grant of the Performance Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Stock Units, even if Performance Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past;  
     
  (c)           all decisions with respect to future Performance Stock Unit grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
     
  (d)           your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Employer and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate your employment relationship at any time;  
     
  (e)           you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
     
  (f)            the Performance Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance Stock Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute part of your ordinary ongoing compensation;  
     
  (g)           the Performance Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;  
     
  (h)           the Performance Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes,  
     
 8   

including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary of  the Company;  
     
  (i)            the Performance Stock Unit grant and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;  
     
  (j)            the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
     
  (k)           in consideration of the grant of the Performance Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance Stock Units resulting from termination of your employment with the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim;  
     
  (l)           the Performance Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability;  
     
  (m)           payment of your Performance Stock Units is not secured by a trust, insurance contract or other funding medium, and you do not have any interest in any fund or specific asset of the Company by reason of this Award or the account established on your behalf; and 
     
  (n)           you have no rights as a stockholder of the Company pursuant to the Performance Stock Units until Shares are actually delivered to you.  
     
  21.           No Advice Regarding Grant.   The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.   You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
     
  22.           Incorporation of Other Agreements.   This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Performance Stock Units.  This Award Agreement supersedes any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Performance Stock Units.  
     
  23.           Severability.   The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Award  will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.  Moreover, if any provision is found to be excessively broad in duration, scope or covered activity, the provision will be construed so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.  
     
 9   

24.           Delayed Payment.    Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the Employee (i) is subject to US Federal income tax on any part of the payment of the Performance Stock Units, (ii) is a  specified employee  within the meaning of section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder, and (iii) is or will become eligible for Retirement prior to the Normal Vesting of some or all of the Performance Stock Units, then any payment of Performance Stock Units that is made on account of his separation from service within the meaning of section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder shall be delayed until six months following such separation from service.  
     
  25.           Language.   If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
     
   26.           Electronic Delivery.   The Company  may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
     
  27.           Imposition of Other Requirements .  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, including but not limited to such requirements as described in Appendix A, if applicable, on the Performance Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  
     
  By accepting this Award, you agree to the following:  
     
  (i)            you have carefully read, fully understand and agree to all of the terms and conditions described in this Award Agreement and the Plan; and  
     
  (ii)           you understand and agree that this Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Award, and that any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Performance Stock Units are replaced and superseded.  

Thomas J. Lynch           

Chief Executive Officer,           

TE Connectivity              
     
 10   

APPENDIX A   
     
   PERFORMANCE METRICS APPLICABLE TO   
   FISCAL YEAR 2016 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARDS   
     
  1.                                          Purpose    This document is Appendix A to the  Terms and Conditions of Performance Stock Unit Award  document (your  PSU award agreement ) which reflects the terms and conditions of your Fiscal Year 2016 performance stock unit ( PSU ) award granted on November 9, 2015.  The purpose of this Appendix is to describe the terms under which you will earn PSUs granted to you under your Fiscal Year 2016 PSU award through the applicable three-year performance cycle.  (Note that the earned PSUs will not be delivered to you unless you meet the applicable vesting requirements described in your PSU award agreement.)  For purposes of your Fiscal Year 2016 PSU award, the  Performance Cycle  is the three (3) fiscal-year period beginning with the first day of fiscal year 2016 and ending on the last day of fiscal year 2018. 
     
  2.                                          Vesting    The vesting terms applicable to your Fiscal Year 2016 PSU award are described in your PSU award agreement.  This Appendix describes how many PSUs you will earn over the three (3) fiscal years of the Performance Cycle under the Company Performance Metric, which will vest and be delivered to you in the form of Shares if you meet the applicable vesting requirements described in your PSU award agreement. 
     
  3.                                          Performance Metric    The performance metric which will be measured to determine how many PSUs you will earn over the three (3) fiscal years of the Performance Cycle is relative earnings per share ( EPS ) growth. 
     
                        The performance metric is the average three-year growth rate of  adjusted EPS , which is adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations, evaluated over three (3) years. Bloomberg News refers to this metric as  Diluted EPS before Abnormal Items .  In determining the Company s relative performance, the Company will use the Diluted EPS before Abnormal Items data published in Bloomberg for the companies included in the benchmark described below. 
     
  The Company s relative EPS performance will be calculated by ranking its three-year EPS growth versus the three-year EPS growth of all eligible S P 500 Non-Financial companies.  The calculation of the Company s relative EPS growth performance will be conducted under written procedures adopted by the Management Development and Compensation Committee (the  MDCC ) of the Board of Directors at the time the  
     
 11   

Fiscal Year 2016 PSU awards were granted.  (The approved calculation procedures will be made available to you upon written request sent to Executive Compensation, Attention Director of Executive Compensation, 1050 Westlakes Drive, Berwyn, PA  USA 19312.)  
     
  4.                                          Determination of PSUs Earned    The number of PSUs earned over the three (3) fiscal year Performance Cycle will be determined based on the Company s relative EPS growth performance for the cycle.  The performance metric, as determined at the end of the three (3) fiscal year performance cycle, will be applied to the target amount of PSUs granted to you under the award.  Depending on the Company s relative EPS growth performance for the performance cycle, you can earn from 0% to 200% of the PSUs granted to you, based on the following scale: 

Performance below the 25  th  percentile results in zero PSUs earned for the fiscal year.  Performance between the 25th and 75 th  percentile will be interpolated.  Performance above the 75 th  percentile is capped at 200%. 
     
  5.                                          Certification Date    The date on which the MDCC of the Board of Directors certifies performance results for each fiscal year in the Performance Cycle is the Certification Date for purposes of the PSU award agreement. 
     
  6.                                          PSUs Earned   Once the MDCC determines the number of PSUs that you have earned within the Performance Cycle under the Company Performance Metric, that number of units will be credited to your PSU account. 
     
  7.                                          MDCC Discretion    All decisions regarding the interpretation of your PSU award and the calculation of PSUs earned under your PSU award, including without limitation, any and all matters relating to the calculation of the Company s relative EPS growth performance, will be made in the sole and absolute discretion of the MDCC.  All determinations of the MDCC will be final, binding and conclusive on all parties. 
     
  8.                                          Governing Document    This Appendix A is part of and incorporated into the terms of your PSU award agreement and should be read in context of the award agreement. 
     
 12   

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 a2230240zex-10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17   
     
   INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT   
     
  THIS AGREEMENT is entered into, effective as of [ ], by and between  TE Connectivity Ltd.. , a Swiss corporation (the  Company ), and                ( Indemnitee ).  
     
  WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available;  
     
  WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director and/or officer of the Company;  
     
  WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims currently being asserted against directors and officers of corporations;  
     
  WHEREAS, the Articles of Association of the Company require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law, and permit the Company to advance expenses relating to the defense of indemnification matters, and the Indemnitee has been serving and continues to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company in part in reliance on the Company s Articles of Association;  
     
  WHEREAS, the recognition of Indemnitee s need for (i) substantial protection against personal liability based on Indemnitee s reliance upon aforesaid Articles of Association, (ii) specific contractual assurance that the protection promised by the Articles of Association will be available to Indemnitee (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to or revocation of the Articles of Association or any change in the composition of the Company s Board of Directors or acquisition transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent (whether partial or complete) permitted under law and as set forth in this Agreement, and, to the extent insurance is maintained, to provide for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the Company s directors  and officers  liability insurance policies;  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and of Indemnitee continuing to serve the Company directly or, at its request, with another Enterprise, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:  
     
   1.                 Certain Definitions :  
     
  (a)            Affiliate :  any corporation or other person or entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified.  
     
  (b)            Board :  the Board of Directors of the Company.  
     
  (c)            Change in Control :  shall be deemed to have occurred if:  

(i)            any  person,  as such term is used in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d) of the Exchange Act, becomes a  beneficial owner,  as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, of 50% or more of the Voting Stock (as defined below) of the Company;  
     
  (ii)           the majority of the Board consists of individuals other than Incumbent Directors, which term means the members of the Board on the effective date of the separation of the Company from Tyco International Ltd., provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to such date whose election or nomination for election was supported by three-quarters of the directors who then comprised the Incumbent Directors shall be considered to be an Incumbent Director;  
     
  (iii)          the Company adopts any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of its assets;  
     
  (iv)          all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company is disposed of pursuant to a merger, consolidation or other transaction (unless the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such a merger, consolidation or other transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in substantially the same proportion as they owned the Voting Stock of the Company, all of the Voting Stock or other ownership interests of the entity or entities, if any, that succeed to the business of the Company); or  
     
  (iv)          the Company combines with another company and is the surviving corporation but, immediately after the combination, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the combination hold, directly or indirectly, 50% or less of the Voting Stock of the combined company (there being excluded from the number of shares held by such shareholders, but not from the Voting Stock of the combined company, any shares received by Affiliates of such other company in exchange for stock of such other company).  
     
  (d)            Enterprise :  the Company and any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, board of directors  committee member, employee or agent.  
     
  (e)            Exchange Act :  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
     
  (f)             Expenses :  any expense, liability, or loss, including reasonable attorneys  fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, any interest, assessments, or other charges imposed thereon, any federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other costs and obligations, paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, prosecuting (subject to Section 2(b)), being a  
     
 2   

witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding relating to any Indemnifiable Event.  Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent.  
     
  (g)            Indemnifiable Event :  (i) any event or occurrence that takes place either prior to or after the execution of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, or while a director or officer is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, or fiduciary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust, or other Enterprise, or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of a foreign or domestic corporation that was a predecessor corporation of the Company or another Enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation, or related to anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity, whether or not the basis of the Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company, as described above or (ii) any event or fact related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, or fiduciary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust, or other Enterprise and that related to the subject matter of the investigations referred to in the Company s Form 10 as filed on June 8, 2007 or any other investigation (whether or not the Company is a target of such investigation) by any government entity covering subject matter that is substantially similar to the subject matter of, or arises out of, the foregoing investigations.  
     
  (h)            Independent Counsel :  the person or body appointed in connection with Section 3.  
     
  (i)             Proceeding :  any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding or any alternative dispute resolution mechanism (including an action by or in the right of the Company), or any inquiry, hearing, or investigation, whether conducted by the Company or any other party, that Indemnitee in good faith believes might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or other.  
     
  (j)             Reviewing Party :  the person or body appointed in accordance with Section 3.  
     
  (k)            Voting Stock :  capital stock of any class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances, in the absence of contingencies, to elect the directors (or similar function) of an Enterprise.  
     
 3   

2.                 Agreement to Indemnify   
     
  (a)            General Agreement .  In the event Indemnitee was, is, or becomes a party to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or witness or other participant in, a Proceeding by reason of (or arising in part out of) an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee from and against any and all Expenses to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended or interpreted.    
     
  (b)            Initiation of Proceeding .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of such Proceeding; (ii) the Proceeding is one to enforce indemnification rights under Section  or (iii) the Proceeding is instituted after a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) and Independent Counsel has approved its initiation.  
     
  (c)            Expense Advances .  If so requested by Indemnitee, the Company shall advance (within five business days of such request) any and all Expenses to Indemnitee (an  Expense Advance  provided that, (i) such Expense Advance shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount thereof if it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company, and (ii) the Company shall not (unless a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine otherwise) be required to make an Expense Advance if and to the extent that the Reviewing Party has determined that Indemnitee is not permitted to be indemnified under applicable law, and (iii) if and to the extent that the Reviewing Party determines after payment of one or more Expense Advances that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be so indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse the Company) for all such amounts theretofore paid.  If Indemnitee has commenced or commences legal proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law, as provided in Section 5, any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding, and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance until a final judicial determination is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or have lapsed).  Indemnitee s obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense Advances shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon.  
     
  (d)            Mandatory Indemnification .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event or in defense of any issue or matter therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred in connection therewith.  
     
  (e)            Partial Indemnification .  If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses,  
     
 4   

but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled.  
     
  (f)             Prohibited Indemnification .  No indemnification pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by the Company:  
     
  (i)            on account of any Proceeding in which judgment is rendered against Indemnitee for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to the provision of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provision of any federal, state, or local laws;  
     
  (ii)           if a court of competent jurisdiction by a final judicial determination, shall determine that such indemnification is not permitted under applicable law;  
     
  (iii)          if the Indemnitee has been convicted of a crime constituting a felony under the laws of the jurisdiction where the criminal action had been brought; or  
     
  (iv) in respect of any fraud, dishonesty or intentional or grossly negligent breach of duties of which the Indemnitee may be guilty in relation to the Company, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall provide Expense Advances to an Indemnitee for the costs, charges and expenses incurred by him in defending any civil or criminal proceedings against him in respect of an allegation of fraud, dishonesty, or intentional or grossly negligent breach of duties, on condition that he shall repay the advance if any such allegation is proved against him.  
     
   3.                 Reviewing Party  .  Prior to any Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the Board or any other person or body appointed by the Board who is not a party to the particular Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification; after a Change in Control, the Independent Counsel referred to below shall become the Reviewing Party.  With respect to all matters arising after a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnity payments and Expense Advances under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable law or the Company s Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, the Company shall seek legal advice only from Independent Counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and who has not otherwise performed services for the Company or the Indemnitee (other than in connection with indemnification matters) within the last five years.  The Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this 
     
 5   

Agreement.  Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent the Indemnitee should be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law.  In doing so, the Independent Counsel may consult with (and rely upon) counsel in any appropriate jurisdiction (e.g., _Switzerland) who would qualify as Independent Counsel ( Local Counsel ).  The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel and the Local Counsel and to indemnify fully such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys  fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the engagement of Independent Counsel or the Local Counsel pursuant hereto.  
     
   4.                 Indemnification Process and Appeal  . 
     
  (a)            Indemnification Payment .  Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification of Expenses, and shall receive payment thereof, from the Company in accordance with this Agreement as soon as practicable after Indemnitee has made written demand on the Company for indemnification, unless the Reviewing Party has given a written opinion to the Company that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under applicable law.  
     
  (b)            Adjudication or Arbitration .  
     
  (i) Regardless of any action by the Reviewing Party, if Indemnitee has not received full indemnification within thirty days after making a demand in accordance with Section 4(a) (a  Nonpayment ), Indemnitee shall have the right to enforce its indemnification rights under this Agreement by commencing litigation in the court at the Company s domicile as evidenced in the commercial register (the  Court at the Company s domicile ) or in any federal or state court located in New York County, State of New York (a  New York Court ) having subject matter jurisdiction thereof seeking an initial determination by the court or by challenging any determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof.  Any determination by the Reviewing Party not challenged by Indemnitee in any such litigation shall be binding on the Company and Indemnitee.  The remedy provided for in this Section 4 shall be in addition to any other remedies available to Indemnitee at law or in equity.  The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (A) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Court at the Company s domicile or in a New York Court and not in any other court in the United States or in any other country, (B) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court at the Company s domicile or the New York Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (C) waive any objection to the laying of venue or any such action or proceeding in the Court at the Company s domicile or in the New York Court, and (D) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Court at the Company s domicile or the New York Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.  
     
 6   

(ii)           Alternatively, in the case of a Nonpayment Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.  
     
  (iii)          In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be conducted in all respects as a  de novo  trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.  In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 4(b) the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be.  If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 4(b), Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 2(c) until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).  
     
  (iv)          In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 4(b), seeks a judicial adjudication of or an award in arbitration to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication or arbitration.  If it shall be determined in said judicial adjudication or arbitration that Indemnitee is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of Expenses sought, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all Expenses reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication or arbitration.  
     
  (c)            Defense to Indemnification, Burden of Proof, and Presumptions .  
     
  (i) It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for Expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking has been tendered to the Company) that it is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed.  
     
  (ii)           In connection with any action or any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified hereunder, the burden of proving such a defense or determination shall be on the Company.  
     
 7   

(iii)          Neither the failure of the Reviewing Party or the Company (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action by Indemnitee that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper under the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct set forth in applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Reviewing Party or Company (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee had not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or created a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  
     
  (iv)          For purposes of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the termination of any claim, action, suit, or proceeding, by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval), conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law.  
     
   5.                 Indemnification for Expenses Incurred in Enforcing Rights  .  The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses that are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee: 
     
  (a)           as provided in Section 4(b)(iv), for indemnification or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable law or the Company s Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, and/or  
     
  (b)           for recovery under directors  and officers  liability insurance policies maintained by the Company,  
     
  but only in the event that Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may be.  In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing Expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 2(c).  
     
   6.                 Notification and Defense of Proceeding  . 
     
  (a)            Notice .  Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Company under this Agreement, notify the Company of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability that it may have to Indemnitee, except as provided in Section 6(c).  
     
  (b)            Defense .  With respect to any Proceeding as to which Indemnitee notifies the Company of the commencement thereof, the Company will be entitled to participate  
     
 8   

in the Proceeding at its own expense and except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee.  After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any Proceeding, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such Proceeding other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below.  Indemnitee shall have the right to employ legal counsel in such Proceeding, but all Expenses related thereto incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitee s expense unless; (i) the employment of legal counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of the Proceeding, (iii) after a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control), the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been approved by the Independent Counsel, or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Proceeding, in each of which cases all Expense of the Proceeding shall be borne by the Company.  The Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company or as to which Indemnitee shall have made the determination provided for in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.  
     
  (c)            Settlement of Claims .  The Company shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any amounts paid in settlement of any Proceeding effected without the Company s written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that if a Change in Control has occurred (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control), the Company shall be liable for indemnification of Indemnitee for amounts paid in settlement if the Independent Counsel has approved the settlement.  The Company shall not settle any Proceeding in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s written consent.  The Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Company was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action; the Company s liability hereunder shall not be excused if participation in the Proceeding by the Company was barred by this Agreement.  
     
   7.                 Establishment of Trust  .  In the event of a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a trust for the benefit of the Indemnitee (the  Trust ) and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund the Trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, participating in, and/or defending any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event.  The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be 
     
 9   

determined by the Independent Counsel.  The terms of the Trust shall provide that (i) the Trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded without the written consent of the Indemnitee, (ii) the Trustee (as defined below) shall advance, within five business days of a request by the Indemnitee, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee (and the Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the Trust under the same circumstances for which the Indemnitee would be required to reimburse the Company under Section 2(c) of this Agreement), (iii) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligation set forth above, (iv) the Trustee shall promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all unexpended funds in the Trust shall revert to the Company upon a final determination by the Independent Counsel or a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement.  The trustee of the Trust (the  Trustee ) shall be chosen by the Indemnitee.  Nothing in this Section 7 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement.  All income earned on the assets held in the Trust shall be reported as income by the Company for federal, state, local, and foreign tax purposes.  The Company shall pay all costs of establishing and maintaining the Trust and shall indemnify the Trustee against any and all expenses (including attorney s fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the establishment and maintenance of the Trust.  
     
   8.                 Non-Exclusivity  .  The rights of Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Company s Articles of Association, applicable law, or otherwise; provided, however, that this Agreement shall supersede any prior indemnification agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee.  To the extent that a change in applicable law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Company s Articles of Association, applicable law, or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties that Indemnitee enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. 
     
   9.                 Liability Insurance  .  To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing general and/or directors  and officers  liability insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any Company director or officer. 
     
   10.              Continuation of Contractual Indemnity or Period of Limitations  .  All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to, or involved in, any proceeding for which indemnification is provided pursuant to this Agreement. 
     
   11.              Amendment of this Agreement  .  No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto.  No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a continuing waiver.  Except, as 
     
 10   

specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof.  
     
   12.              Subrogation  .  In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
     
   13.              No Duplication of Payments  .  The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment (under any insurance policy, Articles of Association, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
     
   14.              Binding Effect  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives.  The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.  The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity pertaining to an Indemnifiable Event even though he may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any Proceeding or is deceased and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and assigns of such a person. 
     
   15.              Severability  .  If any provision (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of this Agreement containing any provision held to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable that is not itself invalid, void or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, void or unenforceable. 
     
   16.              Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of Switzerland applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such jurisdiction without giving effects to its principles of conflicts of laws. 
     
 11   

17.              Notices  .  All notices, demands, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and addressed to the Company at: 
     
  TE Connectivity Ltd..  Rheinstrasse 20  8200 Schaffhausen  
  Switzerland  Attention: Corporate Secretary  
     
  And to Indemnitee at:  

Notice of change of address shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section.  All notices complying with this Section shall be deemed to have been received on the date of hand delivery or on the day of actual receipt.  
     
   18.              Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
     
 12   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as the day specified above.  
     
  COMPANY  

By:   TE Connectivity Ltd.   

Its:  

INDEMNITEE  

13   

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a2230240zex-21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1   
     
   Subsidiaries of the Registrant   
     
  The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Registrant as of November 8, 2016, omitting some subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary.  

Jurisdiction        

Entity Name            

Argentina        

TE Connectivity Argentina S.R.L.           

Tyco Networks (Argentina) S.R.L.           

Tyco Submarine Systems de Argentina S.A.           

Australia        

Clarebury Pty. Ltd.           

Grangehurst Enterprises Pty. Ltd.           

Morlynn Ceramics Pty. Ltd.           

Tappat Engineering Pty Ltd           

TE Connectivity Australia Pty Ltd           

Austria        

Tyco Electronics Austria GmbH           

Barbados        

Corcom West Indies Limited           

TE Connectivity (Barbados) SRL           

Belgium        

Raychem Industries BVBA           

Tyco Electronics Belgium EC BVBA           

Bermuda        

Tyco Electronics Eta Limited           

Tyco Electronics Holdings (Bermuda) No. 7 Limited           

Tyco Electronics Lambda           

Tyco Global Networks Ltd.           

Tyco Telecommunications Ltd.           

Brazil        

Celis Eletrocomponentes Ltda.           

Seacon Produtos e Servicos Opticos e Eletricos Ltda.           

Tyco Electronics Brasil Ltda.           

British Virgin Islands        

Communication Expert International Investments Limited           

Kenabell Holding Limited           

Canada        

TE Connectivity ULC           

Tyco Electronics Canada ULC           

Chile        

ADC Chile Limitada           

Tyco Electronics Industrial Y Comercial Chile Limitada           

China        

ADC Telecommunications Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           

Deutsch Connectors Manufacturing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           

Deutsch Connectors Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           

Intercontec Connector System (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           

MEAS Shenzhen Limited           

Measurement Specialties (Chengdu) Ltd.           

Measurement Specialties (China) Ltd.           

Measurement Specialties (China) Ltd. Production Branch           

Measurement Technology (Chengdu) Ltd.           

Raychem Shanghai Cable Accessories Ltd           

Raychem (Shanghai) Trading Ltd           

Shanghai CII Electronics Co., Ltd (50%)           

Shenzhen Century Man Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.           

Sibas Electronics (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.           

Taicang Speed   Spin Sensors Co., Ltd.           

TE Connectivity Connectors (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.              

TE Connectivity (Kunshan) Company Limited           

TE Connectivity (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics AMP Guangdong Ltd           

Tyco Electronics AMP Qingdao Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics AMP Shanghai Ltd. (92.31%)           

Tyco Electronics (Dongguan) Ltd           

Tyco Electronics (Kunshan) Ltd           

Tyco Electronics (Qingdao) Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd           

Tyco Electronics (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics (Suzhou) Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics Technology (SIP) Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics Technology (SIP) Co., Ltd. Branch   No. 1           

Tyco Electronics (Zhuhai) Ltd           

Wema Environmental Technologies (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           

Wema Environmental Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.           

Colombia        

TE Connectivity Colombia S.A.S.           

Costa Rica        

Creganna Medical s.r.l.           

TechDevice Costa Rica Limitada           

Cyprus        

Acalon Holdings Limited           

Raychem Technologies Limited           

Czech Republic        

Tyco Electronics Czech s.r.o.           

Tyco Electronics EC Trutnov s.r.o.           

Denmark        

TE Connectivity (Denmark) ApS           

Dominican Republic        

Raychem Dominicana S.A.           

Finland        

Tyco Electronics Finland Oy           

France        

Butterfly Management SAS           

Carrier Kheops Bac SAS           

Compagnie Deutsch Distribution SAS           

Compagnie Deutsch SAS           

Connecteurs Electriques Deutsch SAS           

Deutsch Finance SAS           

Deutsch Group SAS           

Deutsch SAS           

MEAS Europe SAS           

MEAS France SAS           

Tyco Electronics France SAS           

Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (French Branch)           

Tyco Electronics Holding France           

Tyco Electronics Idento           

Tyco Electronics SIMEL SAS           

Germany        

Cablotec GmbH           

Comtec Systeme GmbH           

Intercontect Pfeiffer Industrie-Steckverbindungen GmbH           

Intercontec Produkt GmbH           

motec Montage GmbH           

Pfeiffer GmbH   Co KG           

Pfeiffer Verwaltungs GmbH           

TE Connectivity EMEA Holding GmbH           

TE Connectivity Germany GmbH           

Tyco Electronics EC Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH              

Tyco Electronics Germany Holdings GmbH           

Tyco Electronics Raychem GmbH           

TE Connectivity Sensors Germany GmbH           

Tyco Electronics Verwaltungs GmbH           

Gibraltar        

Tyco Electronics China (Gibraltar) Limited           

Tyco Electronics (Gibraltar) Holding Limited           

Tyco Electronics (Gibraltar) Limited           

Tyco Electronics India (Gibraltar) Limited           

Greece        

Tyco Electronics Hellas MEPE           

Guernsey        

Cregstar Bidco Limited           

Hong Kong        

ADC Communications Hong Kong Limited           

AMP Products Pacific Limited           

Deutsch Connectors Hong Kong Limited           

F.A.I. Technology (Hong Kong) Limited           

Hong Kong Sensors Technologies Limited           

MEAS Asia Limited           

Raychem China Limited           

Raychem (HK) Limited           

TE Connectivity HK Limited           

TE Connectivity (HKZ) Holding Limited           

Tyco Electronics H.K. Limited           

Tyco Electronics Hong Kong Holdings No. 1 Limited           

Tyco Electronics Hong Kong Holdings No. 2 Limited           

Tyco Electronics Hong Kong Holdings No. 3 Limited           

Wema System Hong Kong Limited           

Wema System Production and Distribution HK Limited           

Hungary        

Tyco Electronics Hungary Termelo Kft           

India        

CII Guardian International Limited (39.431%)           

Deutsch India Power Connectors (Pvt) Ltd           

RAYCHEM-RPG Private Limited (50%)           

TE Connectivity India Private Limited           

TE Connectivity Services India Private Limited           

Wema Automotive System Private Limited           

Indonesia        

PT KRONE Indonesia (70%)           

PT. Tyco Electronics Indonesia           

Ireland        

Betatherm (R D) Limited           

Creganna Captial Holding Ireland Unlimited Company           

Creganna Finance Ireland Limited           

Creganna Solutions Unlimited Company           

Creganna Tactx Singapore Limited           

Creganna Unlimited Company           

MEAS Ireland (Betatherm) Limited           

TE Connectivity Holding International II S.  r.l. (Ireland   Branch)           

TE Connectivity Ireland Limited           

TE Connectivity (Netherlands) Holding S.a r.l. - Irish Branch           

Tyco Electronics Group S.A. (Ireland Branch)           

Tyco Electronics Ireland Limited           

Isle of Man        

Creganna Medical Technology Unlimited           

Creganna Solutions Limited           

Israel        

Deutsch Israel Ltd.              

Raychem Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics Israel Ltd.           

Italy        

Tyco Electronics AMP Italia Products S.R.L.           

Tyco Electronics AMP Italia S.R.L.           

Tyco Electronics Italia Holding S.r.l.           

Tyco Networks (Italy) Srl           

Japan        

LADD Distribution Limited           

Nikkiso-Therm Co., Ltd. (50.06%)           

Tyco Electronics Japan G.K.           

Kenya        

Tyco Electronics UK Ltd. (Kenya Branch)           

Luxembourg        

Creganna Luxembourg SARL           

TCN Holding (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. (en liquidation)           

TE Connectivity Holding International S.A.           

TE Connectivity Holding International II S.a r.l.           

TE Connectivity Investments Holding S.A.           

TE Connectivity LATAM Holding S.  r.l.           

TE Connectivity LATAM I S.  r.l.           

TE Connectivity LATAM II S.  r.l.           

TE Connectivity MOG Europe S.a r.l.           

TE Connectivity MOG Holding S.a r.l.           

Tyco Electronics Finance S.a r.l.           

Tyco Electronics Group S.A.           

Tyco Electronics Holding S.a r.l.           

Tyco Electronics Netherlands (Germany Holding) S.  r.l.           

TyCom Holdings II SA           

Malaysia        

TE Connectivity Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd.           

Tyco Electronics (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.           

Malta        

Tyco Electronics (AMP Korea) Malta Limited           

Tyco Electronics (Korea) Malta Limited           

Marshall Islands        

C.S. Tyco Decisive Inc.           

C.S. Tyco Dependable Inc.           

C.S. Tyco Durable Inc.           

C.S. Tyco Reliance Inc.           

C.S. Tyco Resolute Inc.           

C.S. Tyco Responder Inc.           

Mexico        

AMP Amermex, S.A. de C.V.           

Cima de Acuna S.A. de C.V.           

Corcom, S.A. de C.V.           

Deutsch Servicios S. de R.L. De C.V.           

Kemex Holding Company, S.A. de C.V.           

Potter   Brumfield de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.           

Raychem Juarez, S.A. de C.V.           

Seacon Global Production, S. de R.L. de C.V.           

Tyco Electronics Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.           

Tyco Electronics Tecnologias S. de R.L. de C.V.           

Tyco Submarine Systems, S.A. de C.V.           

Morocco        

TE Connectivity Morocco SARL           

Netherlands        

AMP Taiwan B.V.           

AMP Trading B.V.           

TE Connectivity Nederland B.V.              

TE Connectivity Netherlands Cooperatief U.A.           

TE Connectivity Netherlands (Poland II) Cooperatief U.A.           

TE Connectivity Netherlands (Turkey) B.V.           

Tyco Electronics Netherlands (Gibraltar China) Cooperatief U.A.           

Tyco Electronics Netherlands (Gibraltar India) Cooperatief U.A.           

Tyco Electronics Netherlands Holding B.V.           

Tyco Electronics Netherlands (India) Cooperatief U.A.           

Tyco Electronics Wireless Systems B.V.           

Tyco Networks (Netherlands) B.V.           

New Zealand        

Tyco Electronics NZ Limited           

Nigeria        

TE Connectivity Technology Solutions Limited           

Norway        

MEAS Norway AS           

Precision Subsea AS           

Tyco Electronics Norge AS           

Wema System AS           

Panama        

TYCO SUBMARINE SYSTEMS, INC.           

Peru        

Tyco Electronics Del Peru S.A.C.           

TyCom Networks (Peru) S.A.           

Philippines        

Tyco Electronics Philippines, Inc.           

Poland        

TYCO Electronics Polska Sp.z.o.o.           

Portugal        

Tyco Electronics Componentes Electromecanicos Lda.           

Russia        

Tyco Electronics RUS OOO           

Saudi Arabia        

Raychem Saudi Arabia Limited (49%)           

Tyco Electronics Saudi Arabia Limited           

Singapore        

ADC Communications (SEA) Pte. Ltd.           

Creganna Medical Pte. Limited           

Crompton Instruments (South-East Asia) Pte. Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics AMP Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd           

Tyco Electronics Manufacturing Singapore Pte Ltd           

Tyco Electronics Singapore Pte Ltd           

South Africa        

TE Connectivity South Africa Proprietary Limited           

South Korea        

Advanced Tube Technologies, Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics AMP Korea Co., Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics Raychem Korea Limited           

Spain        

TE Connectivity Spain, S.L.U.           

TE Connectivity SubCom S.L.U.           

TE Connectivity SubCom Spain Holding S.L.U.           

Tyco Iberia, S.L.           

Tyco Networks Iberica, S.L.           

Sweden        

Tyco Electronics Svenska AB           

Tyco Electronics Svenska Holdings AB           

Switzerland        

Jaquet Technology Group AG           

MEAS Switzerland S.a r.l.           

TE Connectivity Holding International II S.a r.l., Luxembourg   (LU), Schaffhausen branch              

TE Connectivity Holding International II S.a r.l., Luxembourg   (LU), Schaffhausen E-Finance branch           

TE Connectivity MOG Sales GmbH           

TE Connectivity Investments Holding S.A., Luxembourg (LU),   Schaffhausen branch           

TE Connectivity Solutions GmbH           

Tyco Electronics Finance Alpha GmbH           

Tyco Electronics (Schweiz) Holding II GmbH           

TE Connectivity (Schweiz) Management AG           

Tyco Electronics Services GmbH           

Tyco International Services GmbH (49.9375%)           

Wema System AG           

Taiwan        

Raychem Pacific Corporation (50%)           

Taliq Taiwan Limited           

Tyco Electronics Holdings (Bermuda) No. 7 Limited, Taiwan   Branch           

Thailand        

TE Connectivity Distribution (Thailand) Limited           

TE Connectivity Manufacturing (Thailand) Company Limited           

Wema Environmental Technologies Ltd.           

Tunisia        

TE Connectivity Tunisia Sarl           

Turkey        

Tyco Elektronik AMP Ticaret Limited Sirketi           

Ukraine        

Tyco Electronics Ukraine Limited           

United Arab Emirates        

Tyco Electronics Middle East FZE           

United Kingdom        

ADC Communications (UK) Holding Ltd.           

ADC Communications (UK) Ltd.           

Advanced Fiber Products Limited           

Critchley Group Limited           

Deutsch GB Limited           

Deutsch Subco Limited           

Deutsch UK           

Polamco Limited           

Raychem Limited           

Seacon (Europe) Limited           

Servo Interconnect Limited           

TE Connectivity Limited           

Tyco Electronics Corby Limited           

Tyco Electronics Motors Ltd           

Tyco Electronics Precision Engineering Ltd.           

Tyco Electronics UK Holdings Ltd           

Tyco Electronics UK Ltd.           

United States        

999 Arques Corp. (37.5%)           

AdvancedCath Technologies, LLC           

Advanced Fiber Products LLC           

American Sensor Technologies, Inc.           

Brantner and Associates, Inc.           

Brantner Holding Company           

Catheter and Disposable Technology, Inc.           

Codenoll Technology Corporation (73.988%)           

Cotsworks LLC (40%)           

Creganna Finance (US) LLC           

Creganna Medical Devices, Inc.           

Creganna Regulatory, Inc.           

Howard A. Schaevitz Technologies, Inc.           

Jaquet North America, Inc.           

LADD Distribution LLC              

LSA, LLC           

MEAS US Holding, Inc.           

Measurement Specialties Foreign Holdings LLC           

Measurement Specialties, Inc.           

Medical Engineering   Design, Inc.           

MP E, LLC           

Precision Interconnect LLC           

Precision Wire Components, LLC           

Precision Wire Holding Company           

Produxx, Inc.           

Raychem International LLC           

Raychem International Manufacturing LLC           

Rochester Wire and Cable LLC           

SEACON Advanced Products LLC           

TacPro, LLC           

Tactx Medical, Inc.           

TE Connectivity Inc.           

TE Connectivity MOG Inc.           

TE Connectivity Phoenix Optix Inc.           

TE Connectivity Seacon Phoenix Inc.           

TE Connectivity US Group Holding Inc.           

TechDevice LLC           

TechDevice Holdings, LLC           

The Whitaker LLC           

Transoceanic Cable Ship Company LLC           

Tyco Electronics Corporation           

Tyco Electronics Holding Corp.           

Tyco Electronics Integrated Cable Systems LLC           

Tyco Electronics Latin America Holding LLC           

Tyco Electronics Printed Circuit Group LP           

Tyco Electronics RIMC Holding LLC           

Tyco Electronics Subsea Communications LLC           

Wema Americas LLC           

Uruguay        

Tyco Electronics Uruguay S.A.           

Venezuela        

AMP de Venezuela, C.A.           

Tyco Electronics de Venezuela, C.A.           

Tyco Submarine Systems, C.A.           

Vietnam        

TE Connectivity Vietnam Holding Company Limited              

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a2230240zex-23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.1            

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM            

          We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-193380 and 333-212771) and
Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-180085, 333-144355, 333-144369, 333-167445, and 333-171127) of our reports dated November 15, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule of TE Connectivity Ltd. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of TE Connectivity Ltd. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TE Connectivity Ltd. and subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.   

  /s/
Deloitte   Touche LLP   

  Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
November 15, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 23.1   
 
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 7
 a2230240zex-24_1.htm
 EX-24.1

EXHIBIT 24.1   
     
   POWER OF ATTORNEY   
     
   KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS:   
     
  That each person whose signature appears below, as a Director of TE Connectivity Ltd. (the  Company ), a Swiss corporation with its general offices at Rheinstrasse 20, CH-8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland, does hereby make, constitute and appoint Thomas J. Lynch, Chief Executive Officer, Heath A. Mitts, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John S. Jenkins, Jr., Executive Vice President and General Counsel, or any one of them acting alone, his or her true and lawful attorneys, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute and sign the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, and any and all amendments thereto, and documents in connection therewith, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, giving and granting unto said attorneys full power and authority to do and perform such actions as fully as they might have done or could do if personally present and executing any of said documents.  
     
  Dated and effective as of the 14  th  of November 2016. 

/s/ Thomas J. Lynch       

/s/ Yong Nam           

Thomas J. Lynch,   Director       

Yong Nam, Director          

/s/  Pierre R.   Brondeau      

/s/ Daniel J.   Phelan           

Pierre R.   Brondeau, Director       

Daniel J. Phelan, Director          

/s/  Terrence R. Curtin      

/s/  Paula A. Sneed          

Terrence R. Curtin, Director       

Paula A. Sneed, Director          

/s/  Carol A.   Davidson      

/s/  Mark C. Trudeau          

Carol A.   Davidson, Director       

Mark C. Trudeau, Director          

/s/  Juergen W. Gromer      

/s/  John C. Van Scoter          

Juergen W. Gromer, Director       

John C. Van Scoter, Director          

/s/  William   A. Jeffrey      

/s/  Laura H. Wright          

William A.   Jeffrey, Director       

Laura H. Wright, Director             

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a2230240zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1            

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER            

  I,
Thomas J. Lynch, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TE Connectivity Ltd.;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);

a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 15, 2016   

/s/   THOMAS J. LYNCH   

Thomas J. Lynch     Chief Executive Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a2230240zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2            

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER            

  I,
Heath A. Mitts, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TE Connectivity Ltd.;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);

a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 15, 2016   

/s/ HEATH A. MITTS 

Heath A. Mitts     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.2   
 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 a2230240zex-32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.1            

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD.   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002            

          The undersigned officers of TE Connectivity Ltd. (the "Company") hereby certify to their knowledge that the Company's annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/   THOMAS J. LYNCH   

Thomas J. Lynch     Chief Executive Officer    
November 15, 2016  

/s/   HEATH A. MITTS   

Heath A. Mitts     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
November 15, 2016  

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 32.1   
 
  TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 tel-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 tel-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 tel-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tel-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tel-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 tel-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

