<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161230_10-K_edgar_data_827876_0001663577-16-000436_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3292846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181432</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>210366</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1000196</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1048070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>758640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>80</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-16-000436.hdr.sgml : 20161230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161230165056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-16-000436
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLEANSPARK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000827876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COGENERATION SERVICES & SMALL POWER PRODUCERS [4991]
		IRS NUMBER:				870449945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53498
		FILM NUMBER:		162077925

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 NORTH MAIN STREET, STE. 105
		CITY:			BOUNTIFUL
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-224-4405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 NORTH MAIN STREET, STE. 105
		CITY:			BOUNTIFUL
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STRATEAN INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMARTDATA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-16-000436.txt : 20161230

10-K
 1
 mainbody.htm

UNITED
STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-K   

CleanSpark,
    Inc.     
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    
        87-0449945     
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   

70
                    North Main Street, Ste. 105   
            Bountiful,
        Utah     
            
             84010      
 
      (Address
    of principal executive offices)  
      (Zip
    Code)   

Registrant s
        telephone number:   (801) 244-4405      

Securities
        registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  

Title
    of each class  
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered   
 
        None    
        Not
    applicable     

Securities
        registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  

Title
                    of each class  
            Common
        Stock, $.001 par value      

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No
[X]  

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  Yes
[X] No [ ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [
]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]  

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. $27,918,597  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
30,752,119 shares as of December 27, 2016  

Table of Contents     

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page   
 
      PART
    I   

Item
    1.  
       Business   
      3   
 
      Item
    1A.  
       Risk
    Factors   
      9   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Properties   
      16   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      16   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosure   
      16   

PART
    II   

Item
    5.  
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      16   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Selected
    Financial Data   
      19   
 
      Item
    7.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      19   
 
      Item
    7A.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      21   
 
      Item
    8.  
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data   
      22   
 
      Item
    9.  
       Changes
    In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      23   
 
      Item
    9A.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      23   
 
      Item
    9B.  
       Other
    Information   
      24   

PART
    III   

Item
    10.  
       Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      24   
 
      Item
    11.  
       Executive
    Compensation   
      28   
 
      Item
    12.  
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      30   
 
      Item
    13.  
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      31   
 
      Item
    14.  
       Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services   
      31   

PART
    IV   

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules   
      32   

Table of Contents     

PART
I    

     Item
1. Business    

Our
Business   

We
are in the business of acquiring, licensing and marketing patents and technology to create sustainable energy for our energy customers.
Our mission is to lead a revolution in transforming global energy into a clean, affordable, and sustainable infrastructure that
promotes socio-economic upliftment.  

We
recently entered into an asset purchase agreement and amendment thereto (the  Purchase Agreement ), and acquired substantially
all of the assets of CleanSpark Holdings, LLC. As a result of the Purchase Agreement and the acquisition of the assets, we have
taken over the CleanSpark business as another opportunity in the energy sector, along with our existing Gasifier business. We
believe that that synergies created from these businesses will strengthen our overall capacity to obtain financing, increase our
customer base, open new distribution channels and increase our competitive strength in the energy market, all to the ultimate
benefit of our shareholders.  

Our
Flex Power System Business    

Integral
to CleanSpark s business is the Flex Power System (the  System ), which we acquired in the acquisition of the
assets. The System provides secure, sustainable energy with significant cost savings for its energy customers. The System allows
customers to efficiently manage renewable energy generation, other distributed energy generation technologies including waste
to energy, energy storage systems, and consumption. By having autonomous control over the facets of energy usage and energy storage,
customers are able to reduce their dependency on utilities, thereby keeping energy costs relatively constant over time. The overall
aim is to transform energy consumers into energy producers by supplying power that anticipates their routine instead of interrupting
it.  

Around
the world, the aging grid is becoming unstable and unreliable due to increases in loads and lack of new large-scale generation
facilities. This inherent instability is compounded by the push to integrate a growing number and variety of renewable but intermittent
energy generators and advanced technologies into outdated electrical systems. Simultaneously, defense installations, industrial
complexes, communities, and campuses across the world are turning to virtual power plants, distributed energy resources (DERs),
energy storage systems (ESSs), and microgrids as a means to decrease their reliance from the grid, utilize cleaner power, and
enhance energy security and surety.  

The
convergence of these factors has created a  perfect storm  in the power supply optimization and energy management
arena. Efficiently building and operating DERs, ESSs, the macrogrid, and microgrids of tomorrow, while maximizing the use of sustainable
energy to produce affordable, stable, predictable, and reliable power on a large scale, is a significant opportunity that first-movers
can leverage to capture a large share of this emerging global industry.  

A
microgrid is comprised if any number of generation, energy storage, and smart distribution assets that serve a single or multiple
loads, both connected to the grid and  islanded.  In the past, microgrids have consisted or off-grid generators organized
with controls to provide power where utility lines cannot run. Today, modern microgrids integrate renewable energy generation
systems (REGS), DERs, with advanced ESSs and interoperate with the local utility grid. Advanced autonomous cyber-secure microgrids
controls relay information between intelligent hardware and localized hybrid-cloud infrastructure to make decisions in real-time
that deliver optimum power where it is needed, when it is needed.   

Our
System is an integrated Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS) including microgrid control functionality that seamlessly
integrates all forms of energy generation with DERS, ESS, and control of facility loads to provide energy security for the entire
system, or a subset of critical circuits, in real time free of cyber threats. Able to interoperate with the local utility grid,
the System brings users the ability to choose when to buy or sell power to and from the grid and participate in the developing
wholesale ancillary services markets, enabling what we believe is the most cost effective power solution that exists on the current
market.   

Our
System is ideal for commercial, industrial, mining, defense, campus and community users and ranges in size from 4KW to 10MW and
beyond and can deliver power at or below the current cost of utility power over the lifetime of the System.   

Our
services consist of intelligent solar monitoring solutions, microgid design and engineering, project development consulting services,
System installation and consulting, and turn-key microgrid implementation services. The work is performed under fixed price bid
contracts, negotiated price contracts, fully financed power purchase agreements, or energy services agreements such as Microgrid
as a Service (MaaS).  

Table of Contents     

mPulse
Software Suite   

Our
System utilizes our mPulse Energy Operating Platform software suite, which is broken down into three core components:  Receptor 
monitoring solution,  FractalNode  Microgrid Controller, and  Cortex  Microgrid Operations Center. 
The Receptor line of monitoring solutions allows users to monitor energy supply and demand with nearly no additional hardware.
The FractalNode Controller allows users to employ control and energy management capabilities utilizing CleanSpark s FractalGrid
systems architecture for Distributed Energy Resources (DERs) optimization and microgrid functionality. Cortex Microgrid Operation
Centers simplify portfolio customer s fleet management and allow users to access aggregated data of multiple systems while
offering drill down capability and streamlining Operations and Maintenance (O M) functions.  

We
recently hired a software systems engineer company to assist us with an upgrade of our existing software system.  We will
also be hiring an internal team of software developers in January of 2017.  Our existing system (Version 1.0) works well,
but integrates a number of coding languages and requires some custom engineering for each client implementation. Our upgraded
software (Version 2.0) is expected to provide a more streamlined, maintainable, self-configuring, and scalable solution for our
clients and allow us to more quickly and profitability implement our solution across multiple and rapidly increasing customer
sites. We are developing a solution that can be implemented with either basic or advanced features to meet the needs of our customers
and will be launching the features across our platform upon completion.  We expect the Version 2 improvements upon Version
1 software features to be completed as outlined below:  

Phase
1: Version 2 Smart Solar Monitoring Solution   January 2017  

  Phase
2:  Version 2 Solar + Storage Solution   March 2017  

  Phase
3: Version 2 Full Microgrid platform   April 2017  

  Phase
4: Version 2 Utility Dispatchable Microgrid platform   May 2017  

MicroGrid
Development Projects   

The
California Energy Commission (CEC) awarded a grant to Harper Construction Company, Inc. in July 2013 to support a microgrid technology
demonstration project. CleanSpark was subcontracted to provided design, development, integration, and installation services for
the FractalGrid at the School of Infantry in the 52 Area of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. The Project was subsequently transferred
to CleanSpark for consideration and an agreement to indemnify Harper Construction for all future responsibilities of maintenance,
operations and warranty.   

The
project included integration of our Version 1.0 proprietary software and controls platform with a variety of energy storage technologies.
The system utilizes solar energy generated by pre-existing existing fixed-tilt solar photovoltaic panels and fifteen dual axis
tracking concentrated photovoltaic units. Our distributed controls combine the generation with energy storage technologies to
create four separate microgrids that self-align together to create a larger microgrid that ties directly into the larger utility
grid at the 12kV level, allowing the base to consume energy from the most reliable, affordable source at any given time. The system
provides a 100% renewable and sustainable solution to energy security.  

In
the event of an outage or other energy surety threat, the software can autonomously separate the microgrids from the utility and
the controls operate them independently in  island  mode, without interrupting service to critical circuits. Once
energy from the grid is stabilized, our platform reconnects the microgrid to the utility. Each individual fractal microgrid can
work independently or in concert as the larger 1.1MW FractalGrid, sharing data and energy throughout the group to improve efficiency,
protect critical circuits, manage supply and demand, and allow for maintenance or repairs, as needed. The entire installation
provides the Marine Corps and Department of the Navy with reliable energy security with built in cyber defense.  

Since
the CEC Grant described above, we have begun the first and second stages of a follow-on implementation at the Marine Corps Base
Camp Pendleton which is composed of a $75,000 engineering and design contract. The contract has been expanded through exercise
of a contract option to engage us for a $60,000 optimization and control logic development that may result in an additional contract
option for $2,362,472 for construction, integration and commissioning of the designed and optimized System configuration. We expect
the prime contractor to exercise these options. We anticipate the requirement of $500,000 to $750,000 in project financing, line
of credit or similar funding to complete this project. As of the date of this filing we have completed billings of $75,000 in
relation to the engineering and design contract and $36,593 related to the optimization and control logic development contract.  

Table of Contents     

This
project is an example of the far reaching capabilities of our System and the variety of applications that are available as plug
and play solutions. We are pursuing additional microgrid projects and anticipate the need for additional short-term project line
of credit or other similar financing of up to $750,000 over the next twelve months to effectively execute on these proposals.  

Our
Gasifier Business    

Integral
to our existing business is the Gasifier. We own Patent Nos. 9,359,567, 8,518,133 8,105,401 and 8,347,829 protecting our gasification
technology and process for using feedstock comprising gaseous fuel. Our technology converts any organic material into SynGas.
SynGas can be used as clean, renewable, environmentally friendly, warming fuel for power plants, motor vehicles, and as feedstock
for the generation of DME (Di-Methyl Ether). DME is the premier energy carrier and offers a range of important benefits:  

Simple and low cost of production  

An environmentally-benign propellant and coolant  

Clean-burning and high energy efficiency  

Lower transportation and distribution costs  

Easily converted into other fuels and chemicals  

Our
Gasifier converts the following materials into clean, reusable, renewable, and affordable energy:  

Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)  

Municipal sewage sludge  

Food and cooking waste  

Petroleum sludge and oily wastes  

Animal manures  

Cellulosic and non-cellulosic biomass  

Energy crops  

Scrap tires  

Coal  

The
process involves the grinding, drying, separating, mixing, and then pelletizing of solid waste. These pellets constitute the feedstock
for the Gasifier. Gasifying the pellets produces SynGas. SynGas can be converted into multiple forms of energy including motor
vehicle and jet fuels. The SynGas produced is so clean that it generally does not require hot-gas cleanup. SynGas is mostly hydrogen
and carbon monoxide. Hydrogen and carbon monoxide are primary building blocks for fuels and chemicals. SynGas is a clean burning
fuel suitable for use in duel-fuel diesel engines, gas turbines, and steam boilers.  

We
believe that our process will turn the world s waste problem into an abundant, renewable resource of energy. Our production
can be adapted to the specific energy requirements of a given area. Communities are expected to benefit from the countless options
created including inexpensive green electric power for homes, clean-burning fuel for garbage trucks, street maintenance equipment,
or for resale to other municipalities. Because of the modular nature of the components intrinsic to the process, the plant could
provide one energy source, then be converted to provide a different energy product. Our facility could produce additional electric
power during the peak demand part of the day and produce fuels during the rest of the day.  

Our
market segmentation is vast as we expect to apply our technology to anything that is carbon based. The markets for which we have
focused our efforts include: the electric utility market, municipal waste, processing plants, the refining sector, stranded natural
gas fields, and Canadian oil sands.  

We
have begun pursuing opportunities to utilize the assets and intellectual properties purchased. We aim to further develop these
technologies in order to pursue licensing, manufacturing and direct sales agreements for our Gasifier technology.  

Table of Contents     

The
technologies and prototype will begin undergoing clinical lab testing to further establish its capability of producing large volumes
of clean, renewable energy from any carbon compound (Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)    ,
Coal, Sewage Sludge) into clean Synthesis Gas. Our Gasifier is still under development and a commercially viable Gasifier is not
expected to be sellable until the fourth quarter of 2017. In December of 2014, we executed an agreement with Combustion Resources,
LLC to independently test our production model prototype. Combustion was engaged to independently test the Gasifer's performance
and certify the results of its performance. Combustion Resources completed the initial stages of testing. Upon completion of the
testing an initial project report was published outlining the results and suggested improvements. We are preparing the suggested
improvements and anticipate that the cost of these improvements will be between $50,000 and $75,000. Upon completion of the improvement
we will conduct an extended test run with an independent third party. We believe the results of these independent tests will provide
the results needed to prove its commercial viability, at which time we would begin to actively market our Gasifier units.    

We
have not engaged in any significant negotiations to sell our Gasifier products to any major customers. Once completed, we intend
to distribute our products through advertisements and sales calls on potential customers with demonstrations of how the products
work. We anticipate the need for a project financing partner, which we have not yet identified to support manufacturing and at
least $250,000 in financing to support the required sales activities. The failure to acquire customers to generate revenues will
negatively affect our financial performance and anticipate the need for at least $500,000 in financing over the next twelve months
to execute on our business plans.  

Competition   

We
face significant competition in the alternative energy and microgrid markets. Some of our competitors have substantially larger
financial and other resources. Factors that affect our ability to further test a commercially viable Gasifier and upgrade our
System include available funds, available information and our standards established for projected return on investment.   

Our
Flex Power System is set up to compete against larger companies. The Flex Power System is an integrated DERMS and microgrid control
platform that seamlessly integrates energy generation with energy storage devices and controls facility loads to provide energy
security in real time. The system is able to interoperate with the local utility grid and allows users the ability to obtain the
most cost effective power for a facility. The System is technology agnostic and can incorporate into multiple vendors and manufacturers
products and legacy systems. The Flex Power System is ideal for commercial, industrial, mining, defense, campus and community
users ranging from 4 kw to 10 MW and beyond and can deliver power at or below the current cost of utility power. All of these
attributes contribute to our ability to compete with the larger, more established competitors that typically rely on their own
manufactured products and hardware solutions to enable proprietary controls that provide similar functionality. By requiring replacement
of existing hardware with compatible hardware, and being limited to single-vendor solutions, system deployment costs of single-vendor
solutions with limited ability for legacy asset integration typically result in higher costs when compared to the Flex Power System.  

DERMS
with Microgrid control technologies are new to the market and can be deployed in various formats. Seven technologies that are
predominantly used in commercial applications and/or have been extensively studied are:  

Locus (Power monitoring)  

GridBridge (Power monitoring)  

Siemens (Intelligence and Automation)  

Schnider Electric (Intelligence and automation)  

ABB (Intelligence and Automation)  

General Electric (Intelligence and Automation)  

Hitachi (Intelligence and Automation)  

Spirae (Intelligence and automation and Project Proposal Tool)  

Energy Toolbase (Project Design Tool)  

Homer (Project Design Tool)  

Growing Labs Inc. (Project Design Tool and Intelligence/Automation)  

Table of Contents     

These
                                         current technologies of our competitors have a number of inherent potential shortfalls:  

Operational sensitivity to specific hardware solutions potentially increasing the cost of implementations.  

Non-automated systems require constant monitoring increasing operating costs.  

The
principal advantages of our System are:  

Technology agnostic approach allows customers to leverage aged legacy systems reducing implementation costs.  

The automated process is user friendly and does not require highly qualified engineers to operate.  

We believe our project optimization tool is more accurate than alternative options on the market due to inclusion of current costing,
confirmed and validated operational performance data of ESSs instead of specified performance, state/federa/local incentives,
and comparative rate structure engine.  

Our
Gasifier system is set up to compete against larger gasification projects. Our modular concept allows for parallel processing
so a facility could be easily expanded or reduced without risk or changing the basic structure by simply adding or removing module
units; it also allows for multiple end product processing, producing electricity, ethanol, and fuels simultaneously, and for universal
parts which reduces maintenance costs. This design factor solves repair and maintenance problems by simply shutting down the unit(s)
to be repaired and bringing the reserve unit(s) online. All of these attributes contribute to our ability to compete with the
larger, more established competitors that have large systems that require significant downtime for maintenance and repair.  

Gasification
technologies can incorporate any one of a number of Gasifiers. Eight gasification technologies that are predominantly used in
commercial applications and/or have been extensively studied are:  

Texaco Entrained Flow (Downflow) Gasifier  

E-Gas Entrained Flow (Upflow) Gasifier  

Shell Entrained Flow (Upflow) Gasifier  

KRW Fluidized-Bed Gasifier  

Kellogg Transport Reactor Gasifier  

Lurgi Dry Ash Gasifier  

British Gas/Lurgi Fixed Bed Gasifier  

Plasma Gasification  

These
current technologies of our competitors have a number of inherent problems:  

Large footprint plants and high operating costs.  

Operational sensitivity to properties of different feedstock especially moisture content.  

Tendency to caking and bridging.  

Produces a dirty gas, expensive to clean or only suitable for low efficiency conversion in a steam-boiler turbine generator (10%
electrical efficiency).  

Inefficient usage of created energy to power plasma conversion.  

The
principal advantages of our Gasifier are:  

Modular concept allows for parallel processing so a facility could be easily expanded or reduced without risk or changing the
basic structure by simply adding or removing module units; it also allows for multiple end product processing, producing electricity,
ethanol, and fuels simultaneously, and for universal parts, which reduces maintenance costs.  

The one stage process is very simple and does not require highly qualified engineers to operate because of the automation.  

The direct heat transfer of the gases to the material being gasified is efficient, and as a natural consequence of the process,
the product gas is stripped of its impurities, eliminating the costly hot gas clean up associated with other Gasifiers.   

Pollutant absorbing binder aids in efficiency, cracking hydrocarbons acting as a catalyst, and absorbs the pollutants, oxidizes
carbon eliminating water vapor and all but 5   10% carbon dioxide, which in the Company s estimation will eliminate
the need for carbon sequestration.  

Ash by product makes an excellent road and cement aggregate.   

Process is nearly 100% environmentally friendly.   

Any and all liquid and solid organic wastes can be utilized and disposed of, producing no residual wastes.  

Intellectual
Property   

In
relation to our Gasifier business, we own the following patents: Patent No. 9,359,567  Gasification Method Using Feedstock
Comprising Gaseous Fuels  Patent No. 8,518,133  Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method  and
Patent No. 8,105,401  Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method.   

Table of Contents     

On
April 26, 2016, we entered into Stock Purchase Agreement with James Harper to acquire an additional patent as represented in an
Assignment of even date. Specifically, the Agreement granted us the United States Patent No. 8,347,829 issued January 8, 2013
by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Assignment transfers the patent and all rights associated therewith to us.
Through this Assignment, the Company is now the sole owner of the patent, which is an invention entitled Electrolytic Reactor
and Related Methods for Supplementing the Air Intake of an Internal Combustion Engine. The Company anticipates integrating this
technology, in whole or in part, into its downdraft gasification system, enabling the capture and conversion of process byproducts
into incremental energy.   

In
relation to our microgrid business, we intend to file for patent protection on our System. We recently hired a software engineering
company to assist with improvements and upgrades to our technology and we will also be hiring an internal team of software developers
in January 2017. The ability of our staff and outside consultants to improve the system will likely affect our ability to apply
for patent protection. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain a patent on our System.   

Government
Regulation   

We
are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. It is anticipated
that, absent the occurrence of an extraordinary event, compliance with existing federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
concerning the protection of the environment and human health will not have a material effect upon us, our capital expenditures,
or earnings. We cannot predict what effect additional regulation or legislation, enforcement policies thereunder and claims for
damages for injuries to property, employees, other persons and the environment resulting from our operations. Our operations are
subject to environmental regulation by state and federal authorities including the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ).
This regulation has not increased the cost of planning, designing and operating to date. Although we believe that compliance with
environmental regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our operations or results of these operations, there can
be no assurance that significant costs and liabilities, including criminal penalties, will not be incurred. Moreover, it is possible
that other developments, including stricter environmental laws and regulations, and claims for damages for injuries to property
or persons resulting from our activities could result in substantial costs and liabilities.  

In
the conduct of our activities our operations will be subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health
Act ( OSHA ) and comparable state statutes. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know
regulations under Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and similar state statutes require us to
organize information about hazardous materials used, released or produced in its operations. Certain of this information must
be provided to employees, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens. We are also subject to the requirements
and reporting set forth in OSHA workplace standards.  

Other
than the above regulations and maintaining our good standing in the State of Nevada, complying with applicable local business
licensing requirements, complying with all state and federal tax requirements, preparing our periodic reports under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and complying with other applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations, we do not believe
that existing or probably governmental regulations will have a material effect on our operations. We do not currently require
the approval of any governmental agency or affiliated program for our operations.  

Employees,
Consultants and Contractors   

We
currently have no employees, but instead contract the services of consultants in the various areas of expertise as required. The
way in which our business currently operates is as follows:  

Our
Chief Executive Officer, S. Matthew Schultz, currently manages our day-to-day operations. He is responsible for the negotiation
of contracts, oversees the design, marketing and implementation of the products and processes, and manages licenses, patents,
and other intangible assets. In addition to daily management tasks, Mr. Schultz also researches financing and potential investors.  

Table of Contents     

Our
CFO, Zachary K. Bradford, is responsible for implementing our strategic goals and objectives. He is also in charge of managing
our financial risks, financial planning, accounting records, SEC filings, reviewing financial data, reporting financial performance,
preparing budgets, and monitoring expenditures and costs.  

Our
COO, Bryan Huber, is responsible for implementing and overseeing our general operations and research and development activities.
In addition, he is responsible for determining the feasibility and marketability of our technology and future technologies that
we may acquire.  

The
amount of time devoted to us currently by officers is due to the limited operations and resources we have. However, we feel the
time devoted to operations is enough to cover our current operational requirements.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors   

We
are subject to various risks that may materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
An investment in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In evaluating an investment in shares of
our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information included in this
report.   

The
risks described below are not the only risks we face. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occurs,
or if additional risks and uncertainties later materialize, that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial,
then our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our shares. The risks
discussed below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these
forward-looking statements.   

Risks
Related to Our Business   

We
lack an established operating history and have incurred losses in prior periods, expect to incur losses in the future and we can
give no assurance that our operations will result in profits.    

We
have a limited operating history that makes it difficult to evaluate our business. Historical sales pertaining to our System have
been in low volume, and we cannot say with certainty when we will begin to achieve profitability. We have not sold any of our
Gasifiers.   

Since
inception, we have sustained $6,434,840 in net losses and we had a net loss for the year ended September 30, 2016 of $2,540,562.
We expect to have operating losses at least until such time as we have developed a substantial and stable revenue base. We cannot
assure you that we can develop a substantial and stable revenue base or achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual
basis in the future.  

If
we do not obtain such financing, we may have to scale back or cease our activities, which will significantly harm our chances
of success.    

Because
we have generated only a small amount of revenue and currently operate at a significant loss, we are completely dependent on the
continued availability of financing in order to continue our business. There can be no assurance that financing sufficient to
enable us to continue our operations will be available to us in the future. Moreover, even if we are able to obtain financing,
it could be on terms that causes our company s stock price to suffer or further dilutes shareholder interests in our company.
Most of our financing in 2016 was from the issuance of our common stock. Our failure to obtain future financing, financing on
terms that are acceptable to us, or to produce levels of revenue to meet our financial needs could result in our inability to
continue as a going concern and, as a result, our investors could lose their entire investment. In order to maximize our potential
for success, we required a total of $3,000,000 to $4,000,000 in additional financing. As explained in this annual report, this
money is needed for our software upgrades to our System, testing and refinement of our Gasifier, marketing and sales of both sides
of our business operations and for working capital. An additional $2,500,000 would be needed approximately 12 months thereafter,
to expand further commercialization of our products and services.  

Table of Contents     

Our
future success is difficult to predict because we operate in emerging and evolving markets, and the industries in which we compete
are subject to volatile and unpredictable cycles.    

The
renewable energy, DERMS, microgrid and related industries are emerging and evolving markets which may make it difficult to evaluate
our future prospects and which may lead to period to period variability in our operating results. Our products and services are
based on unique technology which we believe offers significant advantages to our customers, but the markets we serve are in a
relatively early stage of development and it is uncertain how rapidly they will develop. It is also uncertain whether our products
will achieve high levels of demand and acceptance as these markets grow. If companies in the industries we serve do not perceive
or value the benefits of our technologies and products, or if they are unwilling to adopt our products as alternatives to traditional
power solutions, the market for our products and services may not develop or may develop more slowly than we expect, which could
significantly and adversely impact our operating results.  

As
a supplier to the renewable energy, DERMS, microgrid and related industries, we may be subject to business cycles. The timing,
length, and volatility of these business cycles may be difficult to predict. These industries may be cyclical due to sudden changes
in customers  manufacturing capacity requirements and spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization, demand for
customers  products, inventory levels relative to demand, and access to affordable capital. These changes may affect the
timing and amounts of customers  purchases and investments in technology, and affect our orders, net sales, operating expenses,
and net income. In addition, we may not be able to respond adequately or quickly to the declines in demand by reducing our costs.

To
meet rapidly changing demand in each of the industries we serve, we must effectively manage our resources and production capacity.
During periods of decreasing demand for our products, we must be able to appropriately align our cost structure with prevailing
market conditions, effectively manage our supply chain, and motivate and retain key employees. During periods of increasing demand,
we must have sufficient inventory to fulfill customer orders, effectively manage our supply chain, and attract, retain, and motivate
a sufficient number of qualified individuals. If we are not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes in our business
environment or to accurately assess where we are positioned within a business cycle, our business, financial condition, or results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected.  

The
industries in which we compete are highly competitive and we may be unable to successfully compete to survive.    

We
compete in the market for renewable energy products, DERMS, and microgrid technology and associated services that is intensely
competitive. Evolving industry standards, rapid price changes and product obsolescence also impact the market. Our competitors
include many domestic and foreign companies, most of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other
resources than we do. Our current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or enhanced technologies, products or
services with features that render our technologies, products or services obsolete, less competitive or less marketable. Our success
will be dependent upon our ability to develop products that are superior to existing products and products introduced in the future,
and which are cost effective. In addition, we may be required to continually enhance any products that are developed as well as
introduce new products that keep pace with technological change and address the increasingly sophisticated needs of the marketplace.
Even if our current technologies prove to be commercially feasible, there is extensive research and development being conducted
on alternative energy sources that may render our technologies and protocols obsolete or otherwise non-competitive.  

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to keep pace with the technological demands of the marketplace or successfully develop
products that will succeed in the marketplace. As a small company, we will be at a competitive disadvantage to most of our competitors,
which include larger, established companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, distribution
and other resources than us. There can be no assurance that we will have the capital resources available to undertake the research
that may be necessary to upgrade our equipment or develop new devices to meet the efficiencies of changing technologies. Our inability
to adapt to technological change could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations.  

Table of Contents     

To
date we have had only three customers for our System and none for our Gasifiers so we cannot assure you that our customer base
will increase.    

We
had revenue from one customer, Bethel-Webcor JV-1, which accounted for 100% of net revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016.
We have recently acquired two additional customers for our System. As we sell our products and services to just one customer at
this time, we cannot assure you that our customer base will expand or that any decline in net revenue attributable to customer
losses will be replaced in a timely manner. If we fail to commercialize our products and services and increase our customer base,
our business will fail.   

Product
development is an inherently uncertain process, and we may encounter unanticipated development challenges and may not be able
to meet our product development and commercialization milestones.    

Product
development and testing may be subject to unanticipated and significant delays, expenses and technical or other problems. We cannot
guarantee that we will successfully achieve our milestones within our planned timeframe or ever. We develop prototypes of planned
products prior to the full commercialization of these products. We cannot predict whether prototypes of future products will achieve
results consistent with our expectations. A prototype could cost significantly more than expected or the prototype design and
construction process could uncover problems that are not consistent with our expectations. Prototypes of emerging products are
a material part of our business plan, and if they are not proven to be successful, our business and prospects could be harmed.  

More
generally, the commercialization of our products may also be adversely affected by many factors not within our control, including:  

the willingness of market participants to try a new product and the perceptions of these market participants of the safety, reliability,
functionality and cost effectiveness of our products;   

the emergence of newer, possibly more effective technologies;  

the future cost and availability of the raw materials and components needed to manufacture and use our products; and  

the adoption of new regulatory or industry standards that may adversely affect the use or cost of our products.   

Accordingly,
we cannot predict that our products will be accepted on a scale sufficient to support development of mass markets for them.  

We
rely on patents and proprietary rights to protect our technology, and enforcing those rights could disrupt our business operation
and divert precious resources that could ultimately harm our future prospects.     

We
rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality agreements and procedures and patents to protect our proprietary technologies.
We own patent numbers 8,518,133 and 8,105,401  Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method'  and patent
number 9,359,567  Gasification Method Using Feedstock Comprising Gaseous Fuel   which covers our Gasifier technology.
We also own patent number 8,342,829 entitled  Electrolytic Reactor and Related Methods for Supplementing the Air Intake
of an Internal Combustion Engine.    

The
claims contained in any patent may not provide adequate protection for our products and technology. In the absence of patent protection,
we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy our products or gain access to our trade secrets and know-how. In addition,
the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to this technology to the same extent as the laws of the
U.S.  

If
a dispute arises concerning our technology, we could become involved in litigation that might involve substantial cost. Litigation
could divert substantial management attention away from our operations and into efforts to enforce our patents, protect our trade
secrets or know-how or determine the scope of the proprietary rights of others. If a proceeding resulted in adverse findings,
we could be subject to significant liabilities to third parties. We might also be required to seek licenses from third parties
to manufacture or sell our products. Our ability to manufacture and sell our products may also be adversely affected by other
unforeseen factors relating to the proceeding or its outcome.  

We
are currently involved in a matter that may divert attention away from our business operations and which may subject us to expend
significant resources that could be better utilized in developing our own business and technologies. Prior to acquiring CleanSpark,
LLC, several employees whom are no longer with the company have started a competing firm. We have been in discussions with this
group about the nature of their activities and the intellectual property they are currently developing in their business. We believe
there may be potential claims against this firm. If we pursue these claims, we may be involved in litigation of the type described
above with uncertain potential outcomes.   

Table of Contents     

As
we continue to grow and to develop our intellectual property, we could attract threats from patent monetization firms or competitors
alleging infringement of intellectual property rights.    

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have
substantially greater resources. If we do not prevail in this type of litigation, we may be required to: pay monetary damages;
stop commercial activities relating to our product; obtain one or more licenses in order to secure the rights to continue manufacturing
or marketing certain products; or attempt to compete in the market with substantially similar products. Uncertainties resulting
from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could limit our ability to continue some of our operations.   

A
material part of our success will depend on our ability to manage our suppliers and contract manufacturers. Our failure to manage
our suppliers and contract manufacturers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and relations with our
customers.    

We
rely upon suppliers to provide the components necessary to build our products and on contract manufacturers to procure components
and assemble our products. There can be no assurance that key suppliers and contract manufacturers will provide components or
products in a timely and cost efficient manner or otherwise meet our needs and expectations. Our ability to manage such relationships
and timely replace suppliers and contract manufacturers, if necessary, is critical to our success. Our failure to timely replace
our contract manufacturers and suppliers, should that become necessary, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
and relations with our customers.  

If
we are the subject of future product defect or liability suits, our business will likely fail.     

In
the course of our planned operations, we may become subject to legal actions based on a claim that our products are defective
in workmanship or have caused personal or other injuries. We currently maintain limited liability insurance and such coverage
may not be adequate to cover all potential claims. Moreover, even if we are able to maintain sufficient insurance coverage in
the future, any successful claim could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

We
may be exposed to lawsuits and other claims if our products malfunction, which could increase our expenses, harm our reputation
and prevent us from growing our business.    

Any
liability for damages resulting from malfunctions of our products could be substantial, increase our expenses and prevent us from
growing or continuing our business. Potential customers may rely on our products for critical needs and a malfunction of our products
could result in warranty claims or other product liability. In addition, a well-publicized actual or perceived problem could adversely
affect the market s perception of our products. This could result in a decline in demand for our products, which would reduce
revenue and harm our business. Further, since our products are used in systems that are made by other manufacturers, we may be
subject to product liability claims even if our products do not malfunction.  

Any
failure by management to properly manage growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition.    

If
our business develops as expected, we anticipate that we will grow rapidly in the near future. Our failure to properly manage
our expected rapid growth could have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain key personnel. Our expansion could also
place significant demands on our management, operations, systems, accounting, internal controls and financial resources. If we
experience difficulties in any of these areas, we may not be able to expand our business successfully or effectively manage our
growth. Any failure by management to manage growth and to respond to changes in our business could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

The
lack of management experience in the renewable energy and microgrid industries could adversely affect our company.     

Some
members of management and the board of directors may not have prior experience in the energy industry. Some members do, however,
have extensive work experience in the reclamation, environmental industries, energy industries, financial/accounting industries,
and business management. The lack of experience in the alternative energy industry may impair our managements  and directors 
ability to evaluate and make decisions involving our current operations and any future projects we may undertake in the alternative
energy industry. Such impairment and lack of experience could adversely affect our business, financial condition and future operations.  

Table of Contents     

If
we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled engineers and workers our ability to pursue projects may be
adversely affected and our costs may increase.     

Our
rate of growth will be confined by resource limitations as competitors and customers compete for increasingly scarce resources.
We believe that our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of affordable trained
engineers that can execute our operational strategy. The demand for trained engineers and other skilled workers is currently high.
If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled personnel, our ability to pursue projects may be adversely
affected and the costs of performing our existing and future projects may increase, which may adversely impact our margins.  

We
have engaged in and may engage in acquisitions that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and reduce
our financial resources.    

We
have been involved in significant acquisitions in our lifespan. In the future, we may enter into transactions to acquire other
businesses, products or technologies. If we do identify suitable candidates, we may not be able to make such acquisitions on favorable
terms or at all. Any acquisitions we have made or plan to make may not strengthen our competitive position, and these transactions
may be viewed negatively by customers or investors. We have and may decide in the future to incur debt in connection with an acquisition
or issue our common stock or other securities to the stockholders of the acquired company, which would reduce the percentage ownership
of our existing stockholders. We could incur losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of the acquired business that are
not covered by the indemnification we may obtain from the seller. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate the
acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business in an effective, timely and non-disruptive manner.
Acquisitions may also divert management from day-to-day responsibilities, increase our expenses and reduce our cash available
for operations and other uses. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of future acquisitions or the effect that the acquisition
we have engaged in or any such future transactions might have on our operating results.  

Our
business is substantially dependent on utility rate structures and government incentive programs that encourage the use of alternative
energy sources. The reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives for energy-related technologies would
harm our business.    

We
believe that near-term growth of energy-related technologies, including power conversion technology, relies partly on the availability
and size of government and economic incentives and grants (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Investment Tax Credit and various
state and local incentive programs). These incentive programs could be challenged by utility companies, or for other reasons found
to be unconstitutional, and/or could be reduced or discontinued for other reasons. The reduction, elimination, or expiration of
government subsidies and economic incentives could harm our business.  

A
combination of utility rate structures and government subsidies that encourage the use of alternative energy sources is a primary
driver of demand for our products. For example, public utilities are often allowed to collect demand charges on commercial and
industrial customers in addition to traditional usage charges. In addition, the federal government and many states encourage the
use of alternative energy sources through a combination of direct subsidies and tariff incentives such as net metering for users
that use alternative energy sources such as solar power. California also encourages alternative energy technology through its
Self-Generation Incentive Program, or SGIP, which offers rebates for businesses and consumers who adopt certain new technologies.
Other states have similar incentives and mandates which encourage the adoption of alternative energy sources. Notwithstanding
the adoption of other incentive programs, we expect that California will be the most significant market for the sale of our products
in the near term. Should California or another state in which we derive a substantial portion of our product revenues in the future
change its utility rate structure or eliminate or significantly reduce its incentive programs, demand for our products could be
substantially affected, which would adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and operating results.  

Table of Contents     

Risks
Related to Our Securities   

If
a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares.    

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol  CLSK  on the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc, an electronic inter-dealer
quotation medium for equity securities. We do not currently have an active trading market. There can be no assurance that an active
and liquid trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained.  

Our
securities are very thinly traded. Accordingly, it may be difficult to sell shares of our common stock without significantly depressing
the value of the stock. Unless we are successful in developing continued investor interest in our stock, sales of our stock could
continue to result in major fluctuations in the price of the stock.  

Our
common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors.    

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including:  

technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors;  

government regulation of our products and services;  

the establishment of partnerships with other technology companies;  

intellectual property disputes;  

additions or departures of key personnel;  

sales of our common stock  

our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services;  

our ability to execute our business plan;  

operating results below expectations;  

loss of any strategic relationship;  

industry developments;  

economic and other external factors; and  

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results.  

Because
we have nominal revenues to date, you should consider any one of these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely
as a result of any of the above.  

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.  

We
have the right to issue shares of preferred stock. If we were to issue preferred stock, it is likely to have rights, preferences
and privileges that may adversely affect the common stock.    

We
are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock, with such rights, preferences and privileges
as may be determined from time-to-time by our board of directors. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix for any series the dividend rights, dissolution or liquidation preferences,
redemption prices, conversion rights, voting rights, and other rights, preferences and privileges for the preferred stock. We
currently have 1,000,000 shares of our preferred stock outstanding, the features of which are contained elsewhere in this annual
report.   

The
issuance of shares of preferred stock, depending on the rights, preferences and privileges attributable to the preferred stock,
could reduce the voting rights and powers of the common stock and the portion of our assets allocated for distribution to common
stockholders in a liquidation event, and could also result in dilution in the book value per share of the common stock we are
offering. The preferred stock could also be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method for raising additional capital
or discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company, to the detriment of the investors in the common stock
offered hereby. We cannot assure you that we will not, under certain circumstances, issue shares of our preferred stock.  

Table of Contents     

We
have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends.    

We
plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent we have earnings, in order to market our products and to cover operating costs
and to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the
foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available
for distribution to the holders of our common stock as a dividend. Therefore, you should not expect to receive cash dividends
on our common stock.  

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or do not continue to publish research or reports about our business, or if they
issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.    

The
trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us now or in the future issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock, our
stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on
us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to
decline.  

Because
we are subject to the  Penny Stock  rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced.    

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define  penny stock  to be any listed, trading
equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to
certain exemptions. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks
in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny
stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the
market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the
penny stock rules which may increase the difficulty Purchasers may experience in attempting to liquidate such securities.  

Provisions
in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against
our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors
or officers in any such actions.     

Members
of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or
officer, except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by
the Nevada Revised Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is
not individually liable to the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act
in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s or officer s act or failure
to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties
involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors and officers
protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty
of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers
even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care. In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers
from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that
if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses
they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our
indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.  

Table of Contents     

Item
2. Properties   

Currently,
we do not own any real estate. On January 22, 2016, we terminated our lease agreement at 2391 South 1560 West, Unit B, Woods Cross
Utah and relocated our corporate office to 70 North Main Street, Suite 105, Bountiful Utah 84010. We executed a one-year lease
agreement that calls for us to make payments of $850 per month. We have prepaid rent for January 2017.  

We
operate our California operations out of leased office space located at 6365 Nancy Ridge Drive, 2nd Floor
San Diego, CA 92121. On December 15, 2016 we executed an 18-month agreement that calls for us to make payments of $2,375 per month
in 2017 and $2,446 per month in 2018.  

CleanSpark,
LLC has agreed to provide the power produced by its mircogrid assets located on the FractalGrid demonstration facility to Camp
Pendleton Marine Corp Base free of charge until 2024. In exchange we have been granted the permission to locate our system on
the base and the access to conduct guided tours of the FractalGrid demonstration facility for our potential customers.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings   

We
are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers,
directors, or any beneficial holders of 5% or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse
to us.  

Item
4.     Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II    

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters     and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Market
Information   

Our
common stock is quoted under the symbol  CLSK  on the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc.   

There
is currently no active trading market for our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or
if developed, that it will be sustained. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable to resell his securities in our company.  

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTCQB. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions.  

Table of Contents     

Penny
Stock   

The
Securities Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system.  The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that:
(a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
trading;(b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available
to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; (c) contains a brief, clear,
narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between
the bid and ask  price;(d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;(e) defines significant
terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and;(f) contains such other information and is
in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation.  

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with; (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock;(b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;(c) the number of shares
to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for
such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.  

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement.  

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes
subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, because our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may
have difficulty selling those securities.  

Holders
of Our Common Stock   

As
of December 27, 2016, we had 179 holders of record of our common stock, with others in street name.  

The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Holders of the common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There
are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.  

Dividends   

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes,
however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:  

1.  
      we
    would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or;   

2.  
      our
    total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights
    of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution.   

We
have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.  

Table of Contents     

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities    

During
the period commencing October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, we received $215,000 from 16 investors pursuant to private placement
agreements with the investors to purchase 645,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 64,500 shares of our common
stock at a purchase price equal to $0.33 for each share of common stock and 10% warrant coverage. The warrant allows the holder
to purchase shares of our common stock at $0.367 per share.   

During
the period commencing July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we received $598,800 from 9 investors pursuant to private placement
agreements with the investors to purchase 748,500 shares of our common stock at a purchase price equal to $0.80 for each share
of common stock.  

On
April 26, 2016, we entered into Stock Purchase Agreement with James Harper to acquire a patent from Mr. Harper as represented
in an Assignment of even date. The Agreement granted 7,500, shares of our common stock, valued at $23,475, to Mr. Harper in exchange
for the Assignment.   

On
June 30, 2016, we issued a total of 600,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock to the four members of our board of directors
for services rendered.  

On
July 1, 2016, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, we issued to CleanSpark Holdings, LLC 6,000,000 shares of common stock
and warrants to purchase 4,500,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $1.50 per share.   

In
November of 2016, we issued 2,932,704 shares of common stock to officers for the cashless exercise of options.  

These
securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The investor represented
his intention to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view towards distribution. The investor was given adequate
information about us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We
directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted
stock.  

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   

Table of Contents     

(1)    
On November 4, 2014, we entered into a consulting agreement for grant writing services. Pursuant to this agreement the Company
issued 180,000 shares of our $0.001 par value common stock valued at $0.33 per share or $60,000.  

(2)    
On March 12, 2015, we issued warrants to officers and members of the board of directors as compensation for services performed.
The warrants were issued under the following terms; non-transferable, fully vested on March 31, 2015, expire ten years from the
date of grant, strike price of $0.083 and become immediately exercisable upon the occurrence of a significant liquidating, restructuring
or change of control event.  

(3)    
On March 12, 2015, as compensation for his appointment, Mr. Pattee was granted a non-statutory option to purchase 180,000 shares
of common stock under the following terms: non-transferable, fully vest on March 31, 2015, expire five years from the date of
grant, strike price of $0.083 and become immediately exercisable upon the occurrence of a significant liquidating, restructuring
or change of control event.  

(4)    
On March 18, 2015, we granted an option to purchase 285,000 shares of common stock to a consultant. The options were issued under
the following terms; non-transferable, fully vest on March 31, 2015, expire ten years from the date of grant, strike price of
$0.363 and become immediately exercisable upon the occurrence of a significant liquidating, restructuring or change of control
event.  

(5)    
On January 22, 2016, we issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock to a Mr. Greg Gohlinghorst for business advisory
services. The warrants were issued under the following terms: fully vest on January 31, 2016, expire five years from the date
of grant and strike price of $0.367.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data   

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Forward-Looking
Statements   

Certain
statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans,
objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the
words  believes,   project,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates, 
 intends,   strategy,   plan,   may,   will,   would, 
 will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  and similar expressions. We intend such
forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor provisions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which
may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse affect on our operations
and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory
changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties
should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Further information concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect
our financial results, is included herein and in our other filings with the SEC.  

Table of Contents     

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Revenues    

We
earned $82,031 in revenues during the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared with no revenues for the year ended September
30, 2015. We earned revenues in the last quarter of our fiscal year as a result of our technology acquisition from CleanSpark.
However, because we only just acquired CleanSpark and given the contractual contingencies with CleanSpark s customers and
its early stage of operation, we are unable to estimate with any degree of certainty the amount of future revenues, if any, from
existing contracts. Also, we do not anticipate earning significant revenues from our Gasifier business until such time that we
have fully developed our technology and are able to market our products.  

Gross
Profit    

Our
cost of revenues were $31,264 for the year ended September 30, 2016 resulting in gross profit of $50,767. Because of the nature
of our business, we do not anticipate any stability in margins because the sale of our products and services is expected to vary
with our existing and future contract customers.  

Operating
Expenses    

We
had operating expenses of $2,592,018 for the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared with $3,479,859 for the year ended September
30, 2015.  

Professional
fees decreased to $1,925,593 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $3,377,956 for the same period ended September 30, 2015.
Our professional fees expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 consisted mainly of stock based compensation for consulting
of $1,482,052, consulting fees of $157,500 paid to officers of the Company and legal, filing, accounting, consulting and investor
relations fees of $98,819.  

Research
and development fees decreased to $1,826 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $52,288 for the same period ended September
30, 2015. Our research and development expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 consisted mainly of expenses incurred to
during the independent testing of our Gasifier. We expect research and development fees to increase as we upgrade our software
for our System and conduct testing and refinement of our Gasifier.  

General
and administrative fees increased to $86,143 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $46,815 for the same period ended September
30, 2015. Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 consisted mainly of travel expenses of
$18,988, rent expenses of $12,380 and $54,755 in other general expenses incurred for ongoing operations.  

Depreciation
and amortization expense increased to $578,456 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $2,800 for the same period ended September
30, 2015.  

Other
Income/Expenses    

We
had other income of $689 for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared with other expenses of $5,144 for the year ended September
30, 2015. Our other income for the year ended September 30, 2016 was the result of a gain on the disposal of assets, as compared
to other expenses in the same period ending September 30, 2015, which consisted entirely of interest expenses.  

Net
Loss    

Net
loss for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $2,540,562 compared to net loss of $3,485,003 for the year ended September 30,
2015.  

Table of Contents     

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had total current assets of $604,366, consisting of cash, accounts receivable, amounts due from shareholders
and prepaid expenses, and total assets in the amount of $33,019,542. Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were
$357,421. We had working capital of $246,945 as of September 30, 2016.  

Operating
activities used $438,165 in cash for the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared with $190,661 for the same period ended September
30, 2015. Our net loss of $2,540,562 was the main component of our negative operating cash flow for the year ended September 30,
2016, offset mainly by stock based consulting of $1,544,982 and depreciation and amortization of $578,456.  

Cash
flows used by investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2016 was $20,855 as a result of the purchase of fixed and
intangible assets.  

Cash
flows provided by financing activities during the year ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $807,016 and consisted of $813,800
in proceeds from our private offering of common stock and warrants, offset by $6,784 in payments on short-term loans.  

Despite
the efforts we have made to raise money and to settle debt, based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient
cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through increased sales
and debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan
to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business
plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or
at all.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

We
do not expect the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations,
financial position or cash flow.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

In
December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most  critical accounting polices  in the Management
Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a  critical accounting policy  is one which is both important to the
portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or
complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.  

Our
accounting policies are discussed in detail in the footnotes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, however we consider our critical accounting policies to be those related to revenue
recognition, long-lived assets, accounts receivable, fair value of financial instruments, cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, warranty liability, stock-based compensation, non-employee stock based compensation  

Going
Concern   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred cumulative net losses of $6,434,840 since our
inception and require capital for our contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. Our ability to raise additional
capital through future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development
of our contemplated plan of operations, and our transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary
for us to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these
aforementioned uncertainties.     

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements   

As
of September 30, 2016, there were no off balance sheet arrangements.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

Table of Contents     

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

Index
to Financial Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X:  

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements:  

Table of Contents     

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of  

  CleanSpark, Inc.  

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CleanSpark Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2016. CleanSpark
Inc. s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CleanSpark Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30,
2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company has minimal revenues, has incurred recurring losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and
has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ AMC Auditing   

AMC Auditing 

 Las Vegas, Nevada 

 December 29, 2016 

Table of Contents     

CLEANSPARK,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

  (AUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

CLEANSPARK,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

  (AUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

CLEANSPARK,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

  (AUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

Table of Contents     

CLEANSPARK,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  (AUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

CLEANSPARK
INC.  

  NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AUDITED)  

1. ORGANIZATION AND LINE OF BUSINESS  

Organization   

  CleanSpark,
Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the state of Nevada on October 15, 1987 as SmartData Corporation. SmartData
conducted a 504 public offering in the State of Nevada in December 1987 and began trading publicly in January 1988. Due to a series
of unfortunate events, including the untimely death of the founding CEO, SmartData discontinued active business operations in
1992.  

On
March 25, 2014, the Company entered into an Asset and Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired:
(i) all Intellectual Property rights, title and interest in Patent # 8,105,401 'Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and
Method' and Patent # 8,518,133 'Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method' and (ii) all of the Property rights,
title and interest in a 32 inch Downdraft Gasifier ( Gasifier ) and (iii) assumed of $156,900 in liabilities.  

In
December 2014, we changed our company name to Stratean Inc. through a short-form merger in order to better reflect our new business
plan.  

On
July 1, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement, as amended (the  Purchase Agreement ), with CleanSpark
Holdings LLC, CleanSpark LLC, CleanSpark Technologies LLC and Specialized Energy Solutions, Inc. (together, the  Seller ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired CleanSpark, LLC and all the assets related to Seller and its line of
business and assumed $200,000 in liabilities.  

In
October 2016, we changed our company name to CleanSpark, Inc. through a short-form merger in order to better reflect our brand
identity.  

Line
of Business   

  Through
the acquisition of CleanSpark, LLC, the Company provides microgrid solutions to military, commercial and residential properties.  

Our
services consist of intelligent solar monitoring solutions, microgid design and engineering, project development consulting services,
System installation and consulting, and turn-key microgrid implementation services. The work is performed under fixed price bid
contracts, negotiated price contracts, fully financed power purchase agreements, or energy services agreements such as Microgrid
as a Service (MaaS).   

We
also continue to pursue the development of our gasification technologies for commercial deployment. We have been granted multiple
patents protecting what we believe to be a breakthrough design for the next generation in waste-to-energy technology. The increased
efficiency compared to existing solutions results in a significantly lower cost per watt of electricity produced. We have completed
a commercial prototype and have completed preliminary testing and we are currently working with our manufacturing partners to
improve durability and efficiency. Upon completion of product development, we intend to deploy our gasification solutions to our
pipeline of commercial microgrid customers in order maximize the conversion of our customer waste streams into electricity.  

2.
GOING CONCERN  

   Going
concern    The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative
net losses of $6,434,840 since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to
take place. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment
of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition,
ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully
resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated
financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.  

Table of Contents     

3.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES  

This
summary of significant accounting policies of CleanSpark Inc. is presented to assist in understanding the Company s consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s management, who
are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  

Principles
of Consolidation   

  The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CleanSpark, Inc., and its wholly owned operating subsidiaries,
CleanSpark, LLC, and CleanSpark, II, LLC. All material intercompany transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation of these
entities.  

Use
of estimates    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates include estimates used to review the Company s goodwill, impairments and estimations of long-lived
assets, revenue recognition on percentage of completion type contracts, allowances for uncollectible accounts, inventory valuation,
and the valuations of non-cash capital stock issuances. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

Revenue
Recognition    The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements  and No. 104,  Revenue Recognition .
In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
the service is performed and collectability is reasonably assured. For the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company
reported revenues of $82,031 and $0, respectively.  

Revenues
and related costs on construction contracts are recognized using the  percentage of completion method  of accounting
in accordance with ASC 605-35, Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production Type Contracts ( ASC
605-35 ). Under this method, contract revenues and related expenses are recognized over the performance period of the contract
in direct proportion to the costs incurred as a percentage of total estimated costs for the entirety of the contract. Costs include
direct material, direct labor, subcontract labor and any allocable indirect costs. All un-allocable indirect costs and corporate
general and administrative costs are charged to the periods as incurred. However, in the event a loss on a contract is foreseen,
the Company will recognize the loss as it is determined.  

Revisions
in cost and profit estimates during the course of the contract are reflected in the accounting period in which the facts, which
require the revision, become known.  Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period
in which such losses are determined.  Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including
those arising from contract penalty provisions, and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and
are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined.  

The
Asset,  Costs in excess of billings , represents revenues recognized in excess of amounts billed on contracts in progress.
The Liability,  Billings in excess of costs , represents billings in excess of revenues recognized on contracts in
progress. At September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the costs in excess of billings balance were $nil and $nil, and the billings
in excess of costs balance were $0 and $0, respectively.  

Accounts
receivables are recorded on contracts for amounts currently due based upon progress billings, as well as retention, which are
collectible upon completion of the contracts.  Accounts payable to material suppliers and subcontractors are recorded for
amounts currently due based upon work completed or materials received, as are retention due subcontractors, which are payable
upon completion of the contract.  General and administrative expenses are charged to operations as incurred and are
not allocated to contract costs. Retention receivable is the amount withheld by a customer until a contract is completed.
Retention receivables of $0 and $0 were included in the balance of trade accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, respectively.  

Table of Contents     

Accounts
Receivable    Accounts receivable is comprised of uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms.
The Company performs ongoing credit evaluation of its customers and management closely monitors outstanding receivables based
on factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends, and other information. The carrying amount of
accounts receivable is reviewed periodically for collectability. If management determines that collection is unlikely, an allowance
that reflects management s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected is recorded. Accounts receivable are
presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0 and $0 at September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively.  

Cash
and cash equivalents    For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments
and short-term debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. There was $436,529 and
$88,533 in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  

Concentration
Risk   

  At
times throughout the year, the Company may maintain cash balances in certain bank accounts in excess of FDIC limits. As of September
30, 2016, the cash balance in excess of the FDIC limits was $110,423. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in these accounts.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    The carrying amounts reflected in the balance sheets for cash, accounts payable and
accrued expenses approximate the respective fair values due to the short maturities of these items. The Company does not hold
any investments that are available-for-sale.  

As
required by the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC, fair value is measured based on a three-tier fair
value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted
prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly
or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity
to develop its own assumptions.  

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  

Level
1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities;  

Level
2: Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially
the full term of the asset or liability;  

Level
3: Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable
(supported by little or no market activity).  

Warranty
Liability    The Company establishes warranty liability reserves to provide for estimated future expenses as a result
of installation and product defects, product recalls and litigation incidental to the Company s business.  Liability
estimates are determined based on management s judgment, considering such factors as historical experience, the likely current
cost of corrective action, manufacturers  and subcontractors  participation in sharing the cost of corrective action,
consultations with third party experts such as engineers, and discussions with the Company s general counsel and outside
counsel retained to handle specific product liability cases.  Our manufacturers and service providers currently provide
substantial warranties between ten to twenty-five years with full reimbursement to replace and install replacement parts. 
Warranty costs and associated liabilities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0, respectively.  

Table of Contents     

Stock-based
compensation    The Company follows the guidelines in FASB Codification Topic ASC 718-10   Compensation-Stock
Compensation,   which provides investors and other users of financial statements with more complete and neutral financial
information, by requiring that the compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial
statements. That cost will be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. ASC 718-10 covers
a wide range of share-based compensation arrangements, including share options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards,
share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not implemented an
employee stock based compensation plan.  

Non-Employee
Stock Based Compensation    The Company accounts for stock based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services,
as prescribed by ASC 718-10, at either the fair value of the services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such
services, whichever is more readily determinable, using the measurement date guidelines enumerated in ASC 505-50. The Company
may issue compensatory shares for services including, but not limited to, executive, management, accounting, operations, corporate
communication, financial and administrative consulting services.  

Earnings
(loss) per share    The Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 260-10   Earnings Per Share,   which
provides for calculation of  basic  and  diluted  earnings per share. Basic earnings per share includes
no dilution and is computed by dividing net income or loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares
outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings
of an entity. The calculation of diluted net loss per share gives effect to common stock equivalents; however, potential common
shares are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive.  

Long-lived
Assets    In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounts Standard Codification
(ASC) ASC 360-10,  Property, Plant and Equipment,  the carrying value of intangible assets and other long-lived assets
is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts or circumstances that may suggest impairment. The Company recognizes
impairment when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment
losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value.  

Indefinite
Lived Intangibles and Goodwill Assets   

  The
Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805,  Business
Combinations,  where the total purchase price is allocated to the tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The purchase price is allocated using the information currently available,
and may be adjusted, up to one year from acquisition date, after obtaining more information regarding, among other things, asset
valuations, liabilities assumed and revisions to preliminary estimates. The purchase price in excess of the fair value of the
tangible and identified intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill.  

The
Company tests for indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable. In accordance
with its policies, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill at September 30,
2016 and 2015, and determined there was no impairment of indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill.  

Business
Combinations   

  We
allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired
based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable
assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not
limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customer lists, acquired technology, and trade names from a market participant
perspective, useful lives and discount rates. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to
be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
During the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to earnings.  

Table of Contents     

Income
taxes    The Company accounts for its income taxes in accordance with FASB Codification Topic ASC 740-10,   Income
Taxes  , which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets
and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.   

Segment
Reporting    Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in deciding the method to
allocate resources and assess performance. The Company currently has one reportable segment for financial reporting purposes,
which represents the Company's core business.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   The Company has evaluated the all recent accounting pronouncements through ASU
2016-20, and believes that none of them will have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.   

4.    
BUSINESS ACQUISITION  

On
July 1, 2016, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with Seller. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired
all the assets related to Seller and its line of business and assumed certain liabilities.  

The
Assets the Company purchased from Seller include:  

Equipment
and other tangible assets;  

Domain
names, websites and intellectual property;  

All
rights to causes of action, lawsuits, judgments, claims and demands of any nature available to or being pursued by the Seller;  

Contracts
to which Seller is bound;  

Current
and future customer accounts, including accounts receivable;  

The
holdings that CleanSpark Holdings LLC has in CleanSpark LLC, and any investments it has as well; and  

Any
other assets of any nature whatsoever that are related to or used in connection with the business of Seller and its goodwill.  

On
July 20, 2016, the parties to the Purchase Agreement entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) that revised the
assets to be acquired under the Purchase Agreement. Specifically, the parties decided on the following:  

Specialized
Energy Solutions, Inc. would transfer and assign the ability to use its name and all of its Intellectual Property to Cleanspark
II, LLC, and thereafter Specialized Energy Solutions, Inc. will not be included in the Assets acquired; and  

Clean
Spark Technologies, LLC agrees to transfer and assign all of its Intellectual Property to Cleanspark II, LLC, and thereafter Clean
Spark Technologies, LLC will not be included in the Assets acquired.  

The
Amendment also included an option to acquire Specialized Energy Solutions, Inc. and Clean Spark Technologies, LLC, which the parties
agreed upon as follows:  

Cleanspark
II, LLC is hereby granted a 3-year exclusive option to purchase Specialized Energy Solutions, Inc. for 1,000 shares of CleanSpark
Inc. Common Stock; and  

Cleanspark
II, LLC is hereby granted a 3-year exclusive option to purchase Clean Spark Technologies, LLC for 1,000 shares of CleanSpark Inc.
Common Stock.  

Table of Contents     

On
August 19, 2016, the parties to the Purchase Agreement entered into a second amendment that revised the Closing Date of the transaction.  

The
Assumed Liabilities, consisted of certain accounts payable amounting to approximately $262,873 arising out of the Assets. Per
the agreement the liabilities were to be limited to $200,000 therefore $62,873 must be reimbursed by CleanSpark Holdings, LLC.  

As
consideration, the Company issued to Seller six million (6,000,000) shares of common stock with a fair value of $18,420,000 and
five-year warrants to purchase four million five hundred thousand (4,500,000) shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.50
per share. The warrants were valued at $13,675,500 using the Black Scholes option pricing model based upon the following assumptions:
term of 5 years, risk free interest rate of 1.0%, a dividend yield of 0% and volatility rate of 218%. The warrants were fully
earned and vested on July 1, 2016.   

Simultaneously
with the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into certain ancillary agreements (the  Ancillary Agreements ) with
Seller, consisting of a bill of sale, intellectual property assignment and lock-up agreement. The lock-up agreement prevents Seller
from selling the Company s securities in the public market for a year.  

The
Purchase Agreement contained customary representations, warranties and covenants. In addition, the Company and Seller agreed to
appoint one (1) candidate chosen by Seller to the board of directors of the Company. As a result, Bryan Huber was appointed as
a member of the board of directors. The term of the appointment of shall be in accordance with the Company s bylaws.  

CleanSpark
provides microgrid, design, engineering, installation and consulting services to military, commercial and residential customers.
The acquisition is designed to enhance our services for renewable technology and provide a pipeline for deployment of our gasification
technology. As a result of the Purchase Agreement, CleanSpark, LLC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  

The
acquisition was accounted for under ASC 805 and the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at $32,095,500, which was the
fair value of the Assets acquired at time of acquisition. The assets and liabilities of the Seller were recorded at their respective
fair values as of the date of acquisition. Since the Company determined there were no other separately identifiable intangible
assets, any difference between the cost of the acquired entity and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
is recorded as goodwill. The acquisition date estimated fair value of the consideration transferred consisted of the following:  

Key
factors that make up the goodwill created by the transaction include knowledge and experience of the acquired team and infrastructure.  

Table of Contents     

Pro
forma results   

  The
following tables set forth the unaudited pro forma results of the Company as if the acquisition of Seller had taken place on the
first day of the periods presented. These combined results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may have been achieved
had the companies been combined as of the first day of the periods presented.  

5.
FIXED ASSETS  

Fixed
assets consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:  

Depreciation
expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $58,897 and $279, respectively.  

6.
MICROGRID ASSETS  

Microgrid
assets consist of the combined assets at our FractalGrid Demonstration facility located at Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base. The
California Energy Commission awarded a grant to Harper Construction Company, Inc. in July 2013 to support a microgrid technology
demonstration project. CleanSpark was subcontracted to provided design, development, integration, and installation services for
the FractalGrid at the School of Infantry in the 52 Area of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. The Project was subsequently transferred
to CleanSpark for consideration and an agreement to indemnify Harper Construction for all future responsibilities of maintenance,
operations and warranty.  

The
project included integration of CleanSpark s proprietary software and controls platform with a variety of energy storage
technologies. The system utilizes solar energy generated by pre-existing existing fixed-tilt solar photovoltaic panels and fifteen
dual axis tracking concentrated photovoltaic units. CleanSpark s distributed controls combine the generation with energy
storage technologies to create four separate microgrids that self-align together to create a larger microgrid that ties directly
into the larger utility grid at the 12kV level, allowing the base to consume energy from the most reliable, affordable source
at any given time. The system provides a 100% renewable and sustainable solution to energy security.  

In
the event of an outage or other energy surety threat, the software can autonomously separate a number of the nested microgrids
from the utility and the controls operate them independently in  island  mode, without interrupting service to critical
circuits. Once energy from the grid is stabilized, CleanSpark s platform reconnects the microgrid to the utility. Each individual
fractal microgrid can work independently or in concert as the larger 1.1MW FractalGrid, sharing data and energy throughout the
group to improve efficiency, protect critical circuits, manage supply and demand, and allow for maintenance or repairs, as needed.
The entire installation provides the Marine Corps and Department of the Navy with reliable energy security with built in cyber
defense.  

The
microgrid assets were acquired as part of the CleanSpark acquisition and the project was capitalized at $4,625,339 which was the
fair value of the assets at the time of the acquisition.  

Table of Contents     

The
microgrid assets consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:  

Depreciation
expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $57,501 and $0, respectively.  

7.   
FLEXPOWER SYSTEM  

A
Distributed Energy Resource system with microgird functionality is comprised of any number of generation, energy storage, and
smart distribution assets that serve single or multiple loads, both connected to the grid and islanded, either entirely or a subset
of critical loads. The FlexPower system is an integrated Distibuted Energy Resource Management System (DERMS) and microgrid control
platform that seamlessly integrates energy generation with energy storage devices and controls facility loads to provide energy
security in real time. The system is able to interoperated with the local utility grid and allows users the ability to obtain
the most cost effective power for a facility. The FlexPower system is ideal for commercial, industrial, mining, defense, campus
and community users ranging from 4 kw to 10 MW and beyond and can deliver power at or below the current cost of utility power.  

The
FlexPower System proprietary software and methodology was acquired as part of the CleanSpark acquisition and the project was capitalized
at $20,007,624 which was the fair value of the assets at the time of the acquisition.  

The
FlexPower system consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:  

Amortization
expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $331,638 and $0, respectively.  

8.   
INTANGIBLE AND OTHER ASSETS  

Intangible
assets consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:  

Amortization
expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $130,420 and $2,251, respectively.  

9.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On
October 1, 2014 the Company entered into a Consulting agreement with Matthew Schultz, its Chief Executive Officer for management
services. In accordance with this agreement, Mr. Schultz provides services to the Company in exchange for $7,500 per month plus
reimbursable expenses incurred. The term of the agreement was one month and automatically renewed each month until cancelled by
either party. During the year ending September 30, 2016, Mr. Schultz was paid $97,500 in accordance with this agreement and is
owed $15,000 in accrued compensation as of September 30, 2016.  

Table of Contents     

On
July 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Consulting agreement with Zachary Bradford, its Chief Financial Officer for management
services. In accordance with this agreement, Mr. Bradford provides services to the Company in exchange for $15,000 per month plus
reimbursable expenses incurred. Mr. Bradford agreed to defer $10,000 of his compensation per month for the quarter ended September
30, 2016. During the year ending September 30, 2016, Mr. Bradford was paid $15,000 in accordance with this agreement and was owed
$30,000 in accrued compensation as of September 30, 2016.  

On
July 1, 2016 as part of the acquisition of the assets of Cleanspark, LLC, the Company agreed to assume certain trade payables
not to exceed $200,000 associated with the ongoing business. On the date of the acquisition, the Company assumed $262,573 in liabilities
and, as a result, $62,573 became reimbursable by CleanSpark Holdings, LLC who is now a shareholder. During the quarter ending
September 30, 2016, the Company received net reimbursements of $9,553 related to this balance.  

10.
PREPAID EXPENSES  

Prepaid
expenses consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:  

The
Board of Directors created a Board of Advisors to provide the Officers and Directors with advice and insight and appointed Brad
Pattee to serve as a member of the board of advisors for a period of one year.  

As
compensation for his appointment, Mr. Patee was granted 180,000 non-statutory options under the following terms: non-transferable,
fully vest on March 31, 2015, expire five years from the date of grant, strike price of $0.083 and become immediately exercisable
upon the occurrence of a significant liquidating, restructuring or change of control event.  

The
180,000 stock options were valued at $54,411 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based upon the following assumptions:
term of 5 years, risk free interest rate of 2.11%, a dividend yield of 0% and volatility rates of 110%.   The
amount was capitalized as a prepaid expense and will be amortized over a twelve-month term, during the year ended September 30,
2016 the Company recorded an expense of $24,232.   

On
January 22, 2016, the Company appointed Mr. Greg Gohlinghorst as a member of the Company s board of advisors. He was issued
35,000 shares of common stock for his appointment.  The shares were valued at $105,000 or $3.00 per share. The amount was
capitalized as a prepaid expense and will be amortized over a twelve-month term, during the year ended September 30, 2016 the
Company recorded an expense of $72,295.   

On
January 15, 2016, we entered into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement with Hayden IR ( HIR ) to serve as our
investor relations firm for a period of twelve months. Under the Agreement, HIR s responsibilities include: implementing
and maintaining an ongoing market support system to expand awareness of our company in the investment community; arranging conference
calls and interviews; providing feedback on expectations of results and company value; assisting with the presentation of periodic
results of operations; monitoring newswires and industry publications; drafting and coordinating press releases, among other services.  

As
compensation for the services under the Agreement, we agreed to pay HIR a cash monthly fee of $3,500 for the first six months
of the Agreement. The monthly fee will increase to $6,500 for the last six months of the Agreement. We also agreed to issue to
HIR 20,000 shares of restricted common stock within 30 days of execution. The shares were valued at $60,000 or $3.00 per share.
The Stock compensation has been recorded as a prepaid expense and will be amortized evenly over the twelve-month service period.
During the year ending September 30, 2016, the Company has recorded $42,575 in stock based compensation associated with this agreement.  

Table of Contents     

11.
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

   Overview   

  Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001
per share. As of September 30, 2016, there were 27,834,415 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding.   

   Description
of Common Stock   

  Our
common stock is entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election
of directors. Except as otherwise required by law or provided in any resolution adopted by our board of directors with respect
to any series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock will possess all voting power. Generally, all matters to be
voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes
entitled to be cast by all shares of our common stock that are present in person or represented by proxy, subject to any voting
rights granted to holders of any preferred stock. Holders of our common stock representing fifty percent (50%) of our capital
stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any
meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental
corporate changes such as a liquidation, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation.  

  Subject
to any preferential rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock created by our board of directors from time to time, the
holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to such cash dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board
of directors from funds available therefor.  

  Subject
to any preferential rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock created from time to time by our board of directors, upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets
available for distribution to such holders.  

  In
the event of any merger or consolidation of our company with or into another company in connection with which shares of our common
stock are converted into or exchangeable for shares of stock, other securities or property (including cash), all holders of our
common stock will be entitled to receive the same kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property (including
cash). Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable
to our common stock.  

   Description
of Preferred Stock   

Our
board of directors is authorized to divide the authorized shares of our preferred stock into one or more series, each of which
must be so designated as to distinguish the shares of each series of preferred stock from the shares of all other series and classes.
Our board of directors is authorized, within any limitations prescribed by law and our articles of incorporation, to fix and determine
the designations, rights, qualifications, preferences, limitations and terms of the shares of any series of preferred stock, including,
but not limited to, the following:  

the rate of dividend,
    the time of payment of dividends, whether dividends are cumulative, and the date from which any dividends accrue;   

whether shares may
    be redeemed, and, if so, the redemption price and the terms and conditions of redemption;   

the amount payable
    upon shares in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation;   

sinking fund or
    other provisions, if any, for the redemption or purchase of shares;   

the terms and conditions
    on which shares may be converted, if the shares of any series are issued with the privilege of conversion;   

voting powers, if
    any, provided that if any of the preferred stock or series thereof have voting rights, such preferred stock or series shall
    vote only on a share for share basis with the common stock on any matter, including, but not limited to, the election of directors,
    for which such preferred stock or series has such rights; and,   

subject to the foregoing,
    such other terms, qualifications, privileges, limitations, options, restrictions, and special or relative rights and preferences,
    if any, of shares or such series as the board of directors may, at the time so acting, lawfully fix and determine under the
    laws of the State of Nevada.   

Table of Contents     

On
April 15, 2015, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the  Certificate
of Amendment ) with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Certificate of Amendment authorized ten million (10,000,000) shares
of preferred stock. The Company s Board of Directors and a majority of its shareholders approved the Certificate of Amendment.  

On
April 15, 2015, pursuant to Article IV of our Articles of Incorporation, the Company s Board of Directors voted to designate
a class of preferred stock entitled Series A Preferred Stock, consisting of up to one million (1,000,000) shares, par value $0.001.
Under the Certificate of Designation, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to quarterly dividends on 2% of our
earnings before interest, taxes and amortization. The dividends are payable in cash or common stock. The holders will also have
a liquidation preference on the state value of $0.02 per share plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. The holders are further
entitled to have the Company redeem their Series A Preferred Stock for three shares of common stock in the event of a change of
control and they are entitled to vote together with the holders of the Company s common stock on all matters submitted to
shareholders at a rate of forty-five (45) votes for each share held.  

Common
Stock issuances   

During
the period commencing October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, the Company received $215,000 from 16 investors pursuant to private
placement agreements with the investors to purchase 645,000 shares of CleanSpark $0.001 par value common stock and warrants to
purchase 64,500 shares of CleanSpark $0.001 par value common stock at a purchase price equal to $0.33 for each share of Common
stock and 10% warrant coverage. The warrant allows the holder to purchase shares of the Company's $0.001 par value common stock
at $0.367 per share.  

During
the period commencing July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, the Company received $598,800 from 9 investors pursuant to private
placement agreements with the investors to purchase 748,500 shares of CleanSpark $0.001 par value common stock at a purchase price
equal to $0.80 for each share of Common stock.  

On
April 26, 2016, the Company entered into Stock Purchase Agreement with James Harper to acquire a patent from Mr. Harper as represented
in an Assignment of even date. Specifically, the Agreement granted 7,500, shares of the Company s common stock, valued at
$23,475, to Mr. Harper in exchange for the Assignment of United States Patent No. 8,342829 issued January 8, 2013 by the United
States Patent and Trademark Office. The Assignment transfers the Patent and all rights associated therewith to the Company. Through
this Assignment, the Company is now the sole owner of the Patent, which is an invention entitled Electrolytic Reactor and Related
Methods for Supplementing the Air Intake of an Internal Combustion Engine. The Company anticipates integrating this technology,
in whole or in part, into its downdraft gasification system, enabling the capture and conversion of process byproducts into incremental
energy.  

On
July 1, 2016, the Company, entered into the Purchase Agreement with Seller. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired
all the assets related to Seller and its line of business and assumed certain liabilities. As part of the consideration the Company
issued to Seller six million (6,000,000) shares of common stock with a fair value of $18,420,000 (See Note 3. BUSINESS ACQUISITION
for additional details).  

Preferred
Stock issuances   

On
June 30, 2016, the Company issued a total of 600,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to the four members of the Company s
board of directors for services rendered.   

Table of Contents     

12.
STOCK WARRANTS  

The
following is a summary of stock warrants activity during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

As
of September 30, 2016, 13,112,100 warrants are exercisable.  

On
January 22, 2016, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.367 per share
to a Mr. Greg Gohlinghorst for business advisory services. The warrants were valued at $1,342,350 using the Black Scholes option
pricing model based upon the following assumptions: term of 5 years, risk free interest rate of 1.49%, a dividend yield of 0%
and volatility rate of 212%. The warrants were fully earned and vested on January 31, 2016.   

On
July 1, 2016, the Company, entered into the Purchase Agreement with Seller. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired
all the assets related to Seller and its line of business and assumed approximately $200,000 in liabilities. As part of the consideration
the Company issued to Seller five-year warrants to purchase four million five hundred thousand (4,500,000) shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The warrants were valued at $13,675,500 using the Black Scholes option pricing model
based upon the following assumptions: term of 5 years, risk free interest rate of 1.0%, a dividend yield of 0% and volatility
rate of 218%. The warrants were fully earned and vested on July 1, 2016. (See Note 3. BUSINESS ACQUISITION for additional
details).  

13.
INCOME TAXES  

The
Company provides for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. FASB ASC 740 requires the use of an asset
and liability approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect currently.  

FASB
ASC 740 requires the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if, based on the weight of available evidence,
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In the Company s opinion, it
is uncertain whether they will generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the net deferred tax asset. Accordingly,
a valuation allowance equal to the deferred tax asset has been recorded. The total deferred tax asset is $565,057 which is calculated
by multiplying a 34% estimated tax rate by the cumulative net operating loss (NOL) adjusted for the following items:  

Table of Contents     

The
components of the Company's deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

Below
is a chart showing the total estimated corporate federal net operating loss (NOL) and the year in which it will expire.  

The
Company will file its U.S. federal return for the year ended September 30, 2016 upon the issuance of this filing. The tax years
2012-2015 remained open to examination for federal income tax purposes by the major tax jurisdictions to which the Company is
subject. No tax returns are currently under examination by any tax authorities.  

Table of Contents     

14.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

On
January 22, 2016, the Company terminated its lease agreement at 2391 South 1560 West, Unit B, Woods Cross Utah and relocated its
corporate office to 70 North Main Street, Suite 105, Bountiful, Utah 84010. The Company executed a one-year lease agreement that
calls for the Company to make payments of $850 per month. The Company has prepaid rent for January 2017. Future minimum lease
payments under the operating leases for the facilities as of September 30, 2016, are $2,550.  

CleanSpark,
LLC has agreed to provide the power produced by its mircogrid assets located on the FractalGrid demonstration facility to Camp
Pendleton Marine Corp Base free of charge until 2024. In exchange we have been granted the permission to locate our system on
the base and the access to conduct guided tours of the FractalGrid demonstration facility for our potential customers.  

15. 
 MAJOR CUSTOMER  

For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had the following customers that represented more than 10% of sales.  

For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had no suppliers that represented more than 10% of direct material costs.  

16.   
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On
October 31, 2016, we filed Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of Nevada in order to effectuate a merger with our wholly-owned
subsidiary, CleanSpark, Inc. Shareholder approval was not required under Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. As part
of the merger, our board of directors authorized a change in our name to  CleanSpark, Inc.  and our Articles of Incorporation
have been amended to reflect this name change. In connection with the name change, our common stock now trades under the symbol
 CLSK  that more resembles our new name.  

In
November of 2016, the Company issued 2,932,704 shares of common stock for the cashless exercise of options.  

During
the period commencing October 1, 2016 through December 29, 2016, the Company received $68,000 from 5 investors pursuant to private
placement agreements with the investors to purchase 95,000 shares of CleanSpark Inc. $0.001 par value common stock at a purchase
price equal to $0.80 for each share of Common stock.  

Table of Contents     

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure      

  On
September 13, 2016, Seale   Beers, CPAs, (the  Former Accountant ) informed us that the Former Accountant was
in the process of being acquired by AMC Auditing, LLC. As a result of the acquisition, on November 14, 2016, the Former Accountant
resigned as our independent registered public accounting firm and we engaged AMC Auditing, LLC (the  New Accountant )
as our independent registered public accounting firm. The engagement of the New Accountant was approved by our Board of Directors.  

On
November 11, 2016, we filed a Form 8-K announcing the change in auditors and that filing is incorporated by reference herein.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being September 30, 2016. This evaluation
was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer.  

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Based
upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of September
30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate
segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and
financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines.  

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered
by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate
such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending September 30, 2017: (i) appoint additional
qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent
upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing
such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act.  

Table of Contents     

Remediation
of Material Weakness   

We
are unable to remedy our controls related to the inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management until we receive
financing to hire additional employees. We are currently in the process of hiring an outsourced controller to improve the controls
for accounting and financial reporting.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls   

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting are or will be capable of preventing or detecting all errors or
all fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements, due to error or fraud will
not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns may occur because of simple error or
mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk.  

Item
9B. Other Information   

On December 28, 2016, Todd Thompson resigned
as our corporate secretary. 

On December 29, Bryan Huber was appointed
as our Chief Operating Officer and Director. We reassigned Michael Barrett to VP of Gasification. 

On December 29, 2016, Zachary Bradford, our
Chief Financial Officer, was appointed as our President to memorialize his expanded role in our company. 

Mr. Huber s and Mr. Bradford s
employment history and other information is set forth below in Part III Item 10. and incorporated herein by reference. 

PART
III    

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

The
following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our current directors and executive officers.  

Name   

Age   

Position(s)   

S. Matthew Schultz  

47  

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Bruce
    L. Lybbert  

72  

Director  

Zachary
    K. Bradford  

30  

President,
    Chief Financial Officer and Director  

Bryan
    Huber  

34  

Chief
    Operating Officer and Director  

Larry
    McNeill  

74  

Director  

Table of Contents     

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors.  

S.
Matthew Schultz  , Chief Executive Officer, has been involved in many capacities with several publicly traded companies.
Most recently, he served as the President and CEO of Amerigo Energy, Inc., creating multiple syndicated offerings of developmental
oil production programs, as well as overseeing the operations from permitting through production.  Since 1999, he has assisted numerous
development and early stage companies to secure financing and experience significant growth.  As the President of Wexford
Capital Ventures, Inc., he was instrumental in funding companies both domestically and abroad.  While serving as the Chairman
of Pali Financial Group, Inc., he assisted in market development of dozens of public corporations.  He was a founding member
and the Vice President of the Utah Consumer Lending Association.  A native of Lander, WY, he studied management and
finance at Weber State University.  

  Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Schultz does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

  Mr.
Schultz is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge in public company reporting and
financing and work in the energy sector.  

Zachary
K. Bradford  , President, Chief Financial Officer, is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in Nevada and a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has served as the managing partner of a public accounting and consulting
firm in Henderson, Nevada since June 2013 and has served as a consultant and outsourced CFO for several companies in both the
public and private sectors. Mr. Bradford holds a B.S. in Accounting and a Masters of Accountancy from Southern Utah University.
From March of 2015 to June 2016, Mr. Bradford served as a member of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of Epic
Stores Corp.  

  Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Bradford does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any
company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

  Mr.
Bradford is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge in public company reporting and
accounting.  

Bryan
Huber  , Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Huber has over 13 years of experience in the design-build construction and energy
industries. He has extensive experience and specialization with sustainable energy design and implementation, sustainable building
design and construction, energy efficiency program design and development, renewable energy design and integration, project management,
quality assurance, and project commissioning. In addition, Bryan brings with him a core competency within renewable energy Independent
Power Producer deal structuring, design, forecasting, financial modeling, incentive monetization, project financing, and deployment.
As a Co-Founder of CleanSpark, Bryan continues to be integrally involved in technology development management, refinement, implementation,
and operation of CleanSpark s Energy Operating Platform.  

Bryan
holds a B.S. in Construction Engineering   Management from Purdue University s School of Civil Engineering, has completed
Master s coursework in Architecture focusing on integration of Distributed Energy Resource Systems into the built environment,
and is a LEED Accredited Professional through the United States Green Building Council.  

  Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Huber does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

  Mr.
Huber is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge in the renewable energy industry.  

Table of Contents     

Michael
Barrett  , Vice President of Gasification, Mr. Barrett is a licensed General Engineering and General Building Contractor
with over 25 years  experience in the construction and development industries. He is also a founding partner and principle
of ICON Renewables, LLC. Where he has gained over 10 years of specialized waste-to-energy project development experience. He has
worked directly with national and international industry leaders producing thousands of tons of high-value feedstocks annually.
Mr. Barrett has served as a professional consultant for several public and private sector firms and provides services such as
investigation, discovery and research. Mr. Barrett has provided regulatory management over many large commercial and industrial
projects such as Rio-Tinto Kennecott Mine and Facilities, Utah s Olympic Oval, Salt Lake County Emergency Operations Center,
Jail and Sheriff Headquarters, Central Valley Water Reclamation Facility and many other large projects.  

  Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Barrett does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

    Bruce
L. Lybbert  , Director, A seasoned veteran of the brokerage industry and Wall Street has served on the Board of Directors
in several Companies in the public and Private sectors. Mr. Lybbert co-founded Tel America, Inc. in 1982, growing it into a successful
communications giant, which became the largest regional long distance carrier in the western United States. Mr. Lybbert holds
a B.A. in finance and marketing from Weber State University and pursued post-graduate studies in finance at New York University.  

  Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Lybbert does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

  Mr.
Lybbert is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge in public company reporting and
financing.  

Larry
McNeill  , Director, has a master s degree in Business Administration from Armstrong University, a BA in Business
Administration, Economics, and Russian language from Minnesota State University, and has completed the course work towards his
PhD in Business Management.  

  Larry
has a diverse business background that includes a range of broad business skills gained from his many roles in Real Estate, Finance,
Research, Legal, Management, and Business Strategies. These roles include serving as the Director of Safeway Grocery Stores, Inc's
Consumer, Sales, and Store Location research departments where he was responsible for the expansion of Safeway in Europe, Australia
and Canada. The Director of Market Research for A P where he was responsible for the Company's expansion into Saudi Arabia.
An Executive Officer of Smiths Food and Drug Centers for 17 years; most recently as the Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
overseeing the Research, Real Estate, and Legal Departments. Mr. McNeill retired from Smith s Food   Drug Stores in
1996 after the Fred Meyer merger was completed.  

He
has since served as the Chief Financial Officer of Theater Candy Corporation and Videolocity, Inc.  

Aside
from that provided above, Mr. McNeill does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

  Mr.
McNeill s qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge in business management and financing.  

Table of Contents     

Term
of Office   

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board.  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become
directors or executive officers.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

To
the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director,
executive officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general
partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in
a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);
(3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type
of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the
SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment
has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.  

Committees
of the Board   

Our
company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does
our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary
to have such committees, at this time, because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors.  

Our
company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations
for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be
premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently
have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process
or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management
or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment.  

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our CEO
and director, S. Matthew Schultz, at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more
than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater
than ten percent beneficial shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
they file. To the best of the Company s knowledge based solely on a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 (and any amendments thereof)
received by us during or with respect to the year ended September 30, 2014, the following persons have not filed on a timely basis,
the identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended September 30, 2016:  

Table of Contents     

Name
    and principal position       
      Number
    of late reports       
      Transactions
    not timely reported       
      Known
    failures to file a required form   
 
      S.
    Matthew Schultz, President       
           0            
           1            
           0        
 
      Zachary
    Bradford, CFO       
           0            
           1            
           0        
 
      Michael
    Barrett, COO       
           0            
           0            
           0        
 
      Bruce
    Lybbert, Director       
           0            
           1            
           0        
 
      Larry
    McNeill, Director       
           0            
           1            
           0        
 
      Todd
    Thompson       
           0            
           0            
           1        

Code
of Ethics   

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller. We will provide, at no cost, a copy of the Code of Ethics to any shareholder upon receiving a written request
sent to the Company s address shown on Page 1 of this report.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation   

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2016.  

Narrative
Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table   

On
October 1, 2014, we entered into a Consulting agreement with Matthew Schultz, our Chief Financial Officer for management services.
In accordance with this agreement Mr. Schultz provides services to us in exchange for $7,500 per month plus reimbursable expenses
incurred. The term of the agreement is one month and automatically renews each month until cancelled by either party. During the
year ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 Mr. Schultz was paid $97,500 and $94,500, respectively, in accordance with this agreement
and is owed $15,000 in accrued compensation as of September 30, 2016.  

  On
July 1, 2016, we entered into a Consulting agreement with Zachary Bradford, our President and Chief Financial Officer for management
services. In accordance with this agreement, Mr. Bradford provides services to us in exchange for $15,000 per month plus reimbursable
expenses incurred. Mr. Bradford agreed to defer $10,000 of his compensation per month for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.
During the year ending September 30, 2016, Mr. Bradford was paid $15,000 in accordance with this agreement and was owed $30,000
in accrued compensation as of September 30, 2016.  

Table of Contents     

Other
than disclosed above there are no formal agreements to compensate any officers for their services. Our officers and directors
are reimbursed for expenses incurred on our behalf. However, our officers and directors have received benefits in the form of
shares of our common stock and warrants.  

  Aside
from the payment of stock and warrants in March of 2015, we have not adopted any retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option
or insurance programs or other similar programs for the benefit of our officers or employees.  

   Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   

The
table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive
officer as of September 30, 2016.  

OUTSTANDING
    EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END   
 
      OPTION
    AWARDS       
            STOCK
                                         AWARDS    
 
      Name       
           Number
                                         of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable            
           Number
                                         of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable            
           Equity
                                         Incentive  Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
                                         (#)            
           Option
                                         Exercise Price  ($)            
      Option
    Expiration Date       
           Number
                                         of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)            
            Market
                                         Value of Shares or Units     of
                                         Stock That Have Not Vested ($)             
            Equity
                                         Incentive  Plan Awards:  Number of Unearned  Shares, Units or Other Rights
                                         That Have      Not
                                         Vested (#)             
           Equity
                                         Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights
                                         That Have Not  Vested (#)        
 
      Michael Barrett       
           1,500,000            

$    0.083            
      3/12/25       

Director
Compensation   

The
table below summarizes all compensation of our directors for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

DIRECTOR
    COMPENSATION   
 
      Name       
           Fees
                                         Earned or Paid in Cash ($)            
           Stock
                                         Awards ($)            
           Option
                                         Awards ($)            
           Non-Equity
                                         Incentive Plan Compensation ($)            
           Non-Qualified
                                         Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)            
           All
                                         Other Compensation ($)            
           Total
                                         ($)        
 
      Bruce Lybbert       
                          
           600            

600        
 
      Larry McNeill       
                          
           600            

600        

Table of Contents     

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

The
following table sets forth as of December 27, 2016 the number and percentage of the 30,752,119 shares of outstanding common stock
which, according to the information supplied to the Company, were beneficially owned by (i) each person who is currently a director
of the Company, (ii) each executive officer, (iii) all current directors and executive officers of the Company as a group and
(iv) each person who, to the knowledge of the Company, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock.
 Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all
shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.  

Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the persons named in the table below is c/o CleanSpark, Inc., 70 North Main Street,
Ste. 105 Bountiful, Utah 84010.  

(1)    
Includes 4,800,000 shares of common stock held in the S M Schultz IRRV TR to which Mr. Schultz is the beneficial owner, 1,241,352
shares of common stock held in his name and 409,956 shares of common stock held by his spouse.   

  (2)    
Includes 729,643 shares of common stock held in his name, 2,250,000 shares of common stock held by Jacque Lybbert, Mr. Lybbert s
spouse, and options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common stock.  

  (3)    
Includes 3,238,632 shares of common stock held in ZRB Holdings Inc. in which Mr. Bradford is the beneficial owner and 120,000
shares of common stock held in BlueChip Advisors LLC in which Mr. Bradford shares beneficial ownership.   

  (4)    
Includes 1,096,140 shares of common stock held in his name and options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common stock.   

  (5)    
Includes 420,000 shares of common stock held in his name and options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common stock.   

The
following table sets forth as of December 27, 2016 the number and percentage of the 1,000,000 shares of outstanding Series A Preferred
Stock which, according to the information supplied to the Company, were beneficially owned by (i) each person who is currently
a director of the Company, (ii) each executive officer, (iii) all current directors and executive officers of the Company as a
group and (iv) each person who, to the knowledge of the Company, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Strock.  Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive
power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.  

Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the persons named in the table below is c/o CleanSpark, Inc., 70 North Main Street,
Ste. 105 Bountiful, Utah 84010.  

Table of Contents     

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

Except
as provided below and in  Executive Compensation  set forth above, for the past two fiscal years there have not been,
and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a participant
in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of 5% or more of any
class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest.  

On
July 1, 2016 as part of the acquisition of the assets of Cleanspark, LLC, we agreed to assume certain trade payable not to exceed
$200,000 associated with the ongoing business. On the date of the acquisition we assumed 262,573 in liabilities and as a result
$62,573 became reimbursable by CleanSpark Holdings, LLC who is now a shareholder. During the quarter ending September 30, 2016,
we received net reimbursements of $9,533 related to this balance.  

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   

Below
is the table of Audit Fees billed by our auditors in connection with the audits of the Company s annual financial statements
for the years ended:  

Table of Contents     

PART
IV    

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules    

(a)   
       Financial
    Statements and Schedules    

The
following financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K.  

Financial
Statements (See Item 8)  

(b)   
       Exhibits    

1.      
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10 filed on November 11, 2008.  

  2.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on February 12, 2013.  

  3.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on December 1, 2014.  

  4.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on April 16, 2015.   

  5.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on May 13, 2015.  

  6.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on March 17, 2015.  

  7.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on January 6, 2015.   

  8.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on January 19, 2016.  

  9.      
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on May 2, 2016.  

  10.   
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on May 9, 2016.  

  11.   
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on July 7, 2016.  

  12.   
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on July 22, 2016.  

  13.   
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on August 22, 2016.  

  14.   
Incorporated by reference to the 8-K filed on November 14, 2016.  

Table of Contents     

SIGNATURES   

  In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  

CleanSpark
Inc.  

By:
      
       /s/
    S. Matthew Schultz    

S.
        Matthew Schultz  
          President,
        Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director    

December 30, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Zachary Bradford    

Zachary
        Bradford  
          Chief
        Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director     

December 30, 2016   

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:  

By:
      
       /s/
    S. Matthew Schultz    

S.
        Matthew Schultz  
          President,
        Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director    

December
    30, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Zachary Bradford    

Zachary
        Bradford  
          Chief
        Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director    

December 30, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Bryan Huber    

Bryan
        Huber  
          Chief
        Operations Officer and Director     

December 30, 2016   

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

I, S. Matthew Schultz, certify that; 

1.  
       
      I
    have reviewed this annual  report on Form 10-K for the  year ended  September 30, 2016 of CleanSpark, Inc. (the
     registrant );   

2.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
       
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
       
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
       
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
       
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
       
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
       
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 30, 2016 

/s/ S. Matthew Schultz  

 By: S. Matthew Schultz 

 Title: Chief  Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

I, Zachary Bradford, certify that; 

1.  
       
      I
    have reviewed this  annual report on Form 10-K for the  year ended  September 30, 2016 of CleanSpark, Inc. (the
     registrant );   

2.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
       
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
       
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
       
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
       
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
       
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
       
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 30, 2016 

/s/ Zachary Bradford  

 By: Zachary Bradford 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND   

  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the quarterly
Report of   CleanSpark, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the  year ended  September 30, 2016 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, S. Matthew Schultz, Chief Executive Office, and I, Zachary
Bradford, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented.    

By:  
       /s/ S. Matthew Schultz    
 
      Name:  
      S. Matthew Schultz   
 
      Title:  
      Principal Executive Officer, and Director   
 
      Date:  
      December 30, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Zachary Bradford    
 
      Name:  
      Zachary Bradford   
 
      Title:  
      Principal Financial Officer   
 
      Date:  
      December 30, 2016   

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 clsk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 clsk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 clsk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 clsk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 clsk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 clsk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

