<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_76605_0001628280-16-020758_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5560931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117675</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>302456</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1778023</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2369686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>899968</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020758.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020758
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRICK INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000076605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MILLWOOD, VENEER, PLYWOOD & STRUCTURAL WOOD MEMBERS [2430]
		IRS NUMBER:				351057796
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-03922
		FILM NUMBER:		161972024

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		107 WEST FRANKLIN STREET PO BOX 638
		CITY:			ELKHART
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		574-206-7515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		107 WEST FRANKLIN STREET PO BOX 638
		CITY:			ELKHART
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46515

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020758.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 patk2016q310-q.htm
 10-Q 2016 Q3

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
    
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  ( X ) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 25, 2016    
  OR 
  ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from        to        
    
  Commission file number 000-03922 
    
  PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 INDIANA 
    35-1057796 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(574) 294-7511 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
  Yes [X] No [ ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes [X] No [ ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                              
                     Large accelerated filer [ ] 
    Accelerated filer [X]  
    Non-accelerated filer [ ] 
    Smaller reporting company [ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes [ ] No [X] 

As of   October 21, 2016  , there were 15,333,993 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
    
   TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page No. 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position  
      September 25, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
      Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      Nine Months Ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 
    5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    6 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
                  OF OPERATIONS 
    21 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    32 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    32 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    33 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    33 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
    34 

SIGNATURES 
    35 

PART 1: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

1. 
    BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

In the opinion of Patrick Industries, Inc. ( Patrick  or the  Company ), the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and its results of operations and cash flows for the third quarter and nine months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 
    
  Patrick s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules or regulations. For a description of significant accounting policies used by the Company in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements, please refer to Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The   December 31, 2015   condensed consolidated statement of financial position data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. Operating results for the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  Certain amounts in the prior year s condensed consolidated financial statements and notes have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. See Notes 2 and 3 for additional details. 
    
  In preparation of Patrick s condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , management evaluated all material subsequent events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date of issuance of the Form 10-Q that required recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. See Note 7 for events that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date.  

2. 
    RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new accounting guidance which specifies how and when to recognize revenue as well as providing informative, relevant disclosures. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of this standard by one year, which would become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating both the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance and determining the appropriate method of transition it will use to apply the new standard. Based on an initial evaluation, the Company anticipates that the implementation of this guidance will not have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
       
  Debt Financing / Debt Issuance Costs    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the statement of financial position as a reduction in the carrying amount of debt, consistent with the presentation of debt issuance discounts. The Company adopted this new guidance, on a retrospective basis, in the first quarter of 2016 as required. Total assets and total liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2015 were reduced by the reclassification of   $0.6 million   of deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan (as defined herein) to the long-term debt, less current maturities, net line on the condensed consolidated statement of financial position. See Note 3 for a description of the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of financial position for the periods presented. 

6 

Income Taxes    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. Under the new guidance, deferred tax assets and liabilities are required to be classified, on a net basis, as noncurrent on the condensed consolidated statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company elected to adopt this guidance, thus reclassifying current deferred tax assets to noncurrent, net of deferred tax liabilities, on the condensed consolidated statements of financial position. The prior year reporting period was retrospectively adjusted. Current assets on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2015 were reduced by the reclassification of   $5.8 million   of current deferred tax assets to long-term deferred tax assets. Total assets and total liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2015 were reduced by the reclassification of   $3.8 million   of long-term deferred tax liabilities to long-term deferred tax assets. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Leases    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that will require that an entity recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet for leases in excess of one year that were previously classified as operating leases under U.S. GAAP. The guidance also requires companies to disclose in the footnotes to the financial statements information about the amount, timing, and uncertainty for the payments made for the lease agreements. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 on a retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance and has not yet determined the impact that the implementation of this guidance will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Stock Compensation    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for share-based payments, which simplifies (i) the income tax consequences related to exercised or vested share-based payment awards; (ii) the classification of awards as assets or liabilities; and (iii) the classification in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. This guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to adopt this new guidance in the first quarter of 2017 as required.  The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Cash Flow Statement Classifications    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The guidance may be applied on a retrospective basis and early adoption is permitted. The Company anticipates adopting the new guidance as of January 1, 2018 as required and has determined that the implementation of this guidance will have no impact on its condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
   
                 3. 
    DEFERRED FINANCING / DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS 

The condensed consolidated statements of financial position at   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   reflect the reclassification of assets related to deferred financing costs associated with the Term Loan outstanding under the Company s 2015 Credit Facility (as defined herein) that were reclassified and presented net of long-term debt outstanding. The reclassification is the result of the Company s adoption of new accounting guidance that requires debt issuance costs be presented in the statement of financial position as a reduction in the carrying amount of debt, consistent with the presentation of debt issuance discounts. The deferred financing costs related to the 2015 Revolver (as defined herein) were not reclassified to long-term debt and are reflected as a component of non-current assets on the condensed consolidated statements of financial position for the periods presented because the guidance does not apply to line-of-credit arrangements.  In the first quarter of 2016, the Company adopted this guidance as required on a retrospective basis.  
    
  At December 31, 2015, the total maximum borrowing limit under the Company s 2015 Credit Facility was   $300.0 million  , of which   $75.0 million   or   25%   represented the total commitment under the Term Loan and was the basis for allocating a portion of the deferred financing costs to the Term Loan. Unamortized total deferred financing costs were  
  
   7 

$2.4 million   and   $2.5 million   at   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The following tables illustrate the effect of the change on certain line items within the condensed consolidated statements of financial position for the periods presented. 

4. 
    INVENTORIES 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (First-In, First-Out (FIFO) Method) and net realizable value and consist of the following classes: 

5. 
    GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The Company acquired intangible assets in various acquisitions in 2015 and through the first   nine   months of 2016 that were determined to be business combinations. The goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes for each of the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions with the exception of the acquisition of BH Electronics, Inc. See Note 6 for further details. Goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to the Company s reporting units at the date they are initially recorded. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to an impairment test based on their estimated fair value performed annually in the fourth quarter (or under certain circumstances more frequently as warranted). Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level, one level below the business segment  . 
    
  Finite-lived intangible assets that meet certain criteria continue to be amortized over their useful lives and are also subject to an impairment test based on estimated undiscounted cash flows when impairment indicators exist. The Company assesses finite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may exceed the fair value. 
    
  No impairment was recognized during the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   related to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or finite-lived intangible assets. There have been no material  
  
   8 

changes to the method of evaluating impairment related to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or finite-lived intangible assets during the first   nine   months of 2016. 
    
  The Company acquired intangible assets in various acquisitions in the first   nine   months of   2016   that are shown in the table below on a preliminary basis pending the finalization of all required purchases accounting adjustments.  See Note 6 for additional details. 

Goodwill 
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   by segment are as follows:   

Other Intangible Assets 
  Other intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships, non-compete agreements and trademarks. Customer relationships and non-compete agreements represent finite-lived intangible assets that have been recorded in the Manufacturing and Distribution segments along with related amortization expense. As of   September 25, 2016  , the other intangible assets balance of   $150.8 million   is comprised of   $37.9 million   of trademarks which have an indefinite life, and therefore,   no   amortization expense has been recorded, and   $112.9 million   pertaining to customer relationships and non-compete agreements which are being amortized over periods ranging from   2   to   19   years.    
    
  For the finite-lived intangible assets attributable to the 2016 acquisitions of Parkland Plastics, Inc., The Progressive Group, Cana Holdings, Inc., Mishawaka Sheet Metal, LLC, Vacuplast, LLC d/b/a L.S. Manufacturing, Inc., and BH Electronics, Inc., the useful life pertaining to non-compete agreements and to customer relationships for all   six   of these acquisitions was   5 years   and   10   years, respectively. 
    
  Amortization expense for the Company s intangible assets in the aggregate was   $9.7 million   and $  6.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Other intangible assets, net consist of the following as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

9 

Changes in the carrying value of other intangible assets for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   by segment are as follows: 

6. 
    ACQUISITIONS 

General    
  The Company completed   six   acquisitions in the first nine months of 2016 and   three   acquisitions in   2015  , each of which occurred in the first nine months of 2015. Each of the acquisitions was funded through borrowings under the Company s credit facility in existence at the time of acquisition. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the individual acquisitions were recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of financial position at their estimated fair values as of the respective dates of acquisition. 
    
  For each acquisition, the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which represents the value of leveraging the Company s existing purchasing, manufacturing, sales, and systems resources with the organizational talent and expertise of the acquired companies  respective management teams to maximize efficiencies, revenue impact, market share growth, and net income. Intangible asset values were estimated using income based valuation methodologies. See Note 5 for information regarding the amortization periods assigned to finite-lived intangible assets. 
    
  For the   third   quarter ended   September 25, 2016  , revenue and operating income of approximately   $32.9 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively, were included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income relating to the businesses acquired in   2016  . The first   nine   months of   2016   included revenue and operating income of approximately   $52.9 million   and   $5.8 million  , respectively, related to the businesses acquired in 2016. Acquisition-related costs associated with the businesses acquired in   2016   were immaterial. 
    
  For the   third   quarter ended   September 27, 2015  , revenue and operating income of approximately   $26.1 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, were included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income relating to the businesses acquired in   2015  . The first   nine   months of   2015   included revenue and operating income of approximately   $46.4 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively, related to the businesses acquired in 2015. Acquisition-related costs associated with the businesses acquired in   2015   were immaterial. 
    
  2016   Acquisitions 
  BH Electronics, Inc. ("BHE") 
  In July 2016, the Company acquired   100%   of the outstanding capital stock of BHE, a major designer, engineer and manufacturer of custom thermoformed dash panel assemblies, center consoles and trim panels, complete electrical systems, and related components and parts, primarily for recreational boat manufacturers in the U.S., for a net purchase price of   $35.0 million  .  
    
  The acquisition of BHE, with operating facilities located in Tennessee and Georgia, provides the opportunity for the Company to expand its product offerings to the marine industry and increase its market share and per unit content.  The results of operations for BHE are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 
  
   10 

Vacuplast, LLC d/b/a L.S. Manufacturing, Inc. ("LS Mfg.") 
  In July 2016, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Elkhart, Indiana-based LS Mfg., a manufacturer of a wide variety of thermoformed plastic parts and components, primarily serving the recreational vehicle ("RV") industry as well as certain industrial markets, for a net purchase price of   $10.3 million  .   
    
  The acquisition of LS Mfg. provides the opportunity for the Company to expand its product offerings in its existing thermoformed parts and components platform and increase its market share and per unit content. The results of operations for LS Mfg. are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 

Mishawaka Sheet Metal, LLC ("MSM") 
  In June 2016, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Elkhart, Indiana-based MSM, a fabricator of a wide variety of aluminum and steel products primarily serving the RV and industrial markets, for a net purchase price of   $13.9 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of MSM provides the opportunity for the Company to further expand its presence in the aluminum and steel products market and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content. The results of operations for MSM are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 
  
   11 

Cana Holdings Inc. ("Cana") 
  In May 2016, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Cana, a custom cabinetry manufacturer, primarily serving the manufactured housing ( MH ) industry and the residential, hospitality and institutional markets, for a net purchase price of   $16.5 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of Cana, with operating facilities located in Elkhart, Indiana and Americus, Georgia, provides the opportunity for the Company to capitalize on its existing cabinetry manufacturing expertise and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content. The results of operations for Cana are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 

Parkland Plastics, Inc. ("Parkland") 
  In February 2016, the Company acquired   100%   of the outstanding capital stock of Middlebury, Indiana-based Parkland, a fully integrated designer and manufacturer of innovative polymer-based products including wall panels, lay-in ceiling panels, coated and rolled floors, protective moulding, and adhesives and accessories, used in a wide range of applications primarily in the RV, architectural and industrial markets, for a net purchase price of   $25.4 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of Parkland provides the opportunity for the Company to establish a presence in the polymer-based products market and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content. The results of operations for Parkland are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 

12 

The Progressive Group ("Progressive") 
  In March 2016, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Progressive, a distributor and manufacturer's representative for major name brand electronics to small, mid-size and large retailers, distributors, and custom installers, primarily serving the auto and home electronics retail, custom integration, and commercial channels, for a net purchase price of   $11.0 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of Progressive, with   six   distribution facilities located in Arizona, Colorado, Indiana, Michigan and Utah, provides the opportunity for the Company to expand its product offerings in its existing electronics platform and increase its market share and per unit content. The results of operations for Progressive are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Distribution operating segment from the date of acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to final review and approval, and thus all required purchase accounting adjustments are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2017. The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 

2015   Acquisitions 
  Better Way Partners, LLC     d/b/a Better Way Products ( Better Way ) 
  In February 2015, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Better Way, a manufacturer of fiberglass front and rear caps, marine helms and related fiberglass components primarily used in the RV, marine and transit vehicle markets, for a net purchase price of   $40.5 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of Better Way, with operating facilities located in New Paris, Bremen and Syracuse, Indiana, provided the opportunity for the Company to further expand its presence in the fiberglass components market and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content. The results of operations for Better Way are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The following summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 
  
   13 

Structural Composites of Indiana, Inc.     ( SCI ) 
  In May 2015, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Ligonier, Indiana-based SCI, a manufacturer of large, custom molded fiberglass front and rear caps and roofs, primarily used in the RV market, and specialty fiberglass components for the transportation, marine and other industrial markets, for a net purchase price of   $20.0 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of SCI provided the opportunity for the Company to further expand its presence in the fiberglass components market and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content. The results of operations for SCI are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The following summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition:  

North American Forest Products, Inc. and North American Moulding, LLC     (collectively,  North American )    
  In September 2015, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of Edwardsburg, Michigan-based North American, a manufacturer primarily for the RV market, of profile wraps, custom mouldings, laminated panels and moulding products. North American is also a manufacturer and supplier of raw and processed softwoods products, including lumber, panels, trusses, bow trusses, and industrial packaging materials, primarily used in the RV and MH industries. The Company acquired North American for a net purchase price of   $79.7 million  . 
    
  The acquisition of North American provided the opportunity for the Company to further expand its existing presence in the manufacture of laminated panels and moulding products and increase its product offerings, market share and per unit content, and provided a new opportunity in the softwoods lumber market. The results of operations for North American are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and the Manufacturing operating segment from the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation and all required purchase accounting adjustments were finalized in the first quarter of 2016, with no material changes from previously reported estimated amounts. The following summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition: 
  
   14 

Pro Forma Information     
  The following pro forma information for the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , assumes the Parkland, Progressive, Cana, MSM, LS Mfg. and BHE acquisitions (which were acquired in 2016) and the Better Way, SCI and North American acquisitions (which were acquired in 2015) occurred as of the beginning of the year immediately preceding each such acquisition. The pro forma information contains the actual operating results of Parkland, Progressive, Cana, MSM, LS Mfg., BHE, Better Way, SCI, and North American, combined with the results prior to their respective acquisition dates, adjusted to reflect the pro forma impact of the acquisitions occurring as of the beginning of the year immediately preceding each such acquisition. 
    
  The pro forma information includes financing and interest expense charges based on the actual incremental borrowings incurred in connection with each transaction as if it occurred as of the beginning of the year immediately preceding each such acquisition. In addition, the pro forma information includes amortization expense, in the aggregate, related to intangible assets acquired in connection with the transactions of (i)   $0.1 million   and   $1.9 million   for the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , respectively, and (ii)   $1.6 million   and   $5.7 million   for the   third   quarter and   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 

The pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved had the acquisitions been consummated as of that time, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results. 

7. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with fair value recognition provisions. The Company recorded compensation expense of   $1.7 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   third   quarters ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively, for its stock-based compensation plans on the condensed consolidated statements of income. For the first   nine   months of 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded   $4.8 million   and   $3.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  The Company estimates the fair value of (i) all stock grants as of the grant date using the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on such date, and (ii) all stock option and stock appreciation rights awards as of the grant date by applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

15 

For the full year 2015, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) approved various share grants under the Company s 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) totaling   145,690   shares in the aggregate, of which grants of   140,440   shares were approved in the first nine months of 2015.  In addition, on March 30, 2015, the Board granted   22,001   restricted stock units ( RSUs ). 
    
  In the first nine months of 2016, the Board approved various share grants under the Plan totaling   154,981   shares in the aggregate. In addition, on February 23, 2016, the Board granted   22,000   RSUs.   
    
  As of   September 25, 2016  , there was approximately   $8.7 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock-based compensation arrangements granted under incentive plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   15.8   months 
    
  At the beginning of the Company's fiscal fourth quarter of 2016, the Board approved the issuance of   80,592   shares that may be issued upon the exercise of stock options that were granted on September 26, 2016, and the issuance of   80,592   shares that may be issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights that were granted on September 26, 2016. 

8. 
    NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, plus the dilutive effect of stock options, stock appreciation rights, and restricted stock units (collectively  Common Stock Equivalents ). The dilutive effect of Common Stock Equivalents is calculated under the treasury stock method using the average market price for the period. Certain Common Stock Equivalents were not included in the computation of diluted net income per common share because the exercise prices of those Common Stock Equivalents were greater than the average market price of the common shares. 
    
  Income per common share is calculated for the   third   quarter and   nine   months periods as follows: 

A summary of total debt outstanding at   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

16 

2015 Credit Facility    
  The Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2015 (the  2015 Credit Agreement ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender ( Wells Fargo ), and Fifth Third Bank ( Fifth Third ), Key Bank National Association ( Key Bank ), Bank of America, N.A. ( B of A ), and Lake City Bank as participants, to expand its senior secured credit facility to   $250.0 million   and extend its maturity to 2020 (the  2015 Credit Facility ). The 2015 Credit Facility initially was comprised of a   $175.0 million   revolving credit loan (the  2015 Revolver ) and a   $75.0 million   term loan (the  Term Loan ). 
    
  On August 31, 2015, the Company entered into a first amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement to expand the 2015 Credit Facility to   $300.0 million   from   $250.0 million   by expanding the 2015 Revolver to   $225.0 million  . 
    
  On July 26, 2016, the Company entered into a second amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement to expand the 2015 Credit Facility to   $360.0 million   from   $300.0 million   by expanding the 2015 Revolver to   $269.4 million   and the Term Loan to   $90.6 million  , and to add 1   st    Source Bank as an additional participant. 
    
  The 2015 Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all personal property assets of the Company and any domestic subsidiary guarantors. The 2015 Credit Agreement includes certain definitions, terms and reporting requirements and includes the following additional provisions: 
    
     The maturity date for the 2015 Credit Facility is April 28, 2020; 
     The initial Term Loan had repayment installments of approximately   $2.7 million   per quarter with the remaining balance due at maturity. Following the expansion of the Term Loan in July 2016 pursuant to the second amendment, the quarterly repayment installments were increased to approximately   $3.9 million   beginning on September 30, 2016 with the remaining balance due at maturity; 
     The interest rates for borrowings under the 2015 Revolver and the Term Loan are the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin, with a fee payable by the Company on unused but committed portions of the 2015 Revolver; 
     The 2015 Revolver includes a sub-limit up to   $10.0 million   for same day advances ( Swing Line ) which shall bear interest based upon the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin; 
     Up to   $10.0 million   of the 2015 Revolver will be available as a sub facility for the issuance of standby letters of credit, which are subject to certain expiration dates; 
     The financial covenants include requirements as to a consolidated total leverage ratio and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and other covenants include limitations and restrictions concerning permitted acquisitions, investments, sales of assets, liens on assets, dividends and other payments; and 
     Customary prepayment provisions, representations, warranties and covenants, and events of default. 
    
  At   September 25, 2016  , the Company had   $90.6 million   outstanding under the Term Loan under the LIBOR-based option, and borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Revolver of (i)   $190.0 million   under the LIBOR-based option and (ii)   $0.2 million   under the Prime Rate-based option. The interest rate for borrowings at   September 25, 2016   was the Prime Rate plus   0.75%   (or   4.25%  ), or LIBOR plus   1.75%   (or   2.31%  ). At   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $67.0 million   outstanding under the Term Loan under the LIBOR-based option, and borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Revolver of (i)   $133.0 million   under the LIBOR-based option and (ii)   $4.5 million   under the Prime Rate-based option. The interest rate for borrowings at   December 31, 2015   was the Prime Rate plus   1.00%   (or   4.50%  ), or LIBOR plus   2.00%   (or   2.4375%  ). The fee payable on committed but unused portions of the 2015 Revolver was   0.225%   at September 25, 2016 and   0.250%   at December 31, 2015. 
    
  Pursuant to the 2015 Credit Agreement, the financial covenants include: (a) a required maximum consolidated total leverage ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, not to exceed   3.00  :  1.00   for the   12  -month period ending on such quarter-end; and (b) a required minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least   1.50  :  1.00   for the   12  -month period ending on such quarter-end. 
    
  The consolidated total leverage ratio is the ratio for any period of consolidated total indebtedness (as measured as of the second day following the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter) to consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ). Consolidated total indebtedness for any period is the sum of: (i) total debt outstanding under the 2015 Revolver and the Term Loan; (ii) capital leases and letters of credit outstanding; and (iii) deferred payment obligations. The consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio for any period is the ratio of  
  
   17 

consolidated EBITDA less restricted payments, taxes paid and capital expenditures as defined under the 2015 Credit Agreement to consolidated fixed charges. Consolidated fixed charges for any period is the sum of interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan. 
    
  As of and for the   September 25, 2016   reporting date, the Company was in compliance with both of these financial debt covenants as required under the terms of the 2015 Credit Agreement. The required maximum consolidated total leverage ratio and the required minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio compared to the actual amounts as of   September 25, 2016   and for the fiscal period then ended are as follows:   

Interest paid for the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of 2016 was   $2.0 million   and   $4.9 million  , respectively. For the comparable 2015 periods, interest paid was   $0.9 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively. 

10. 
    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and accounts payable approximated fair value as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   because of the relatively short maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amount of debt approximated fair value as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   based upon terms and conditions available to the Company at those dates in comparison to the terms and conditions of its outstanding debt. 

The Company recorded income taxes at an estimated effective rate of   33.9%   and   35.9%   in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively. For the comparable   2015   periods, the estimated effective tax rate was   36.3%   and   37.5%  , respectively. 
    
  The Company had various state net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) of approximately   $0.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  , of which approximately   $0.4 million   were remaining to be utilized as of   September 25, 2016  . The Company estimates that it will utilize a majority of the remaining state NOLs by the end of 2016. 
    
  In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , the Company realized approximately   $1.3 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, of excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation, which had not been recorded as deferred tax assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014. These tax benefits were recorded to shareholders  equity upon realization in 2016 and 2015. 
    
  The Company paid income taxes of   $6.7 million   and   $23.2 million   in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively. For the comparable periods in   2015  , the Company paid income taxes of   $6.3 million   and   $18.3 million  , respectively. 

12  . 
    SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The Company has determined that its reportable segments are those based on its method of internal reporting, which segregates its businesses by product category and production/distribution process. 
    
  A description of the Company s reportable segments is as follows: 
    
  Manufacturing     This segment includes the following divisions: laminated products that are utilized to produce furniture, shelving, walls, countertops, and cabinet products, cabinet doors, fiberglass bath fixtures, hardwood furniture, vinyl printing, solid surface, granite, and quartz countertop fabrication, RV painting, fabricated aluminum products, simulated wood and stone products, fiberglass and plastic components, softwoods lumber, custom cabinetry, polymer- 
  
   18 

based flooring and other products. Patrick s major manufactured products also include wrapped vinyl, paper and hardwood profile mouldings, interior passage doors, slide-out trim and fascia, and slotwall panels and components. The Manufacturing segment contributed approximately   82%   and   77%   of the Company s net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Distribution     The Company distributes pre-finished wall and ceiling panels, drywall and drywall finishing products, electronics and audio systems components, wiring, electrical and plumbing products, fiber reinforced polyester products, cement siding, interior passage doors, roofing products, laminate and ceramic flooring, shower doors, furniture, fireplaces and surrounds, interior and exterior lighting products, and other miscellaneous products. The Distribution segment contributed approximately   18%   and   23%   of the Company s net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  The tables below present unaudited information about the sales and operating income of those segments. 

The table below presents a reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated operating income: 
  
   19 

Unallocated corporate expenses include corporate general and administrative expenses comprised of wages, insurance, taxes, supplies, travel and entertainment, professional fees and other. 

13. 
    STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAMS    

2013 Repurchase Plan 
  In February 2013, the Board approved a stock repurchase program which was subsequently expanded in February 2014 and February 2015 (the  2013 Repurchase Plan ). 
    
  Repurchases of the Company s common stock made under the 2013 Repurchase Plan for the years ended December 2015, 2014 and 2013 and during the first quarter of 2016 are as follows: 

2016 Repurchase Plan    
  In January 2016, the Company fully utilized the authorization under the 2013 Repurchase Plan and announced that the Board approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to   $50 million   of the Company s common stock over a   24  -month period (the  2016 Repurchase Plan ). In the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company repurchased   40,102   shares at an average price of   $44.93   for a total cost of   $1.8 million   under the 2016 Repurchase Plan. There were   no   stock repurchases in the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
    
  Together under both stock repurchase plans, the Company repurchased, in the aggregate,   110,738   shares of its common stock at an average price of   $42.14   for a total cost of   $4.7 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016  . In the first   nine   months of   2015  , the Company repurchased   195,750   shares at an average price of   $28.86   per share for a total cost of approximately   $5.7 million  . 
    
  Common Stock 
  The Company s common stock does not have a stated par value. As a result, repurchases of common stock have been reflected, using an average cost method, as a reduction of common stock, additional paid-in-capital, and retained earnings on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of financial position. 

14. 
    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

In the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company entered into transactions with companies affiliated with   two   of its independent Board members. The Company purchased approximately   $0.5 million   of corrugated packaging materials from Welch Packaging Group, an independently owned company established by M. Scott Welch who serves as its  
  
   20 

President and CEO. In addition, the Company sold approximately   $2.9 million   of various fiberglass and plastic components and wood products to Utilimaster Corporation, a subsidiary of Spartan Motors, Inc. John A. Forbes serves as the President of Utilimaster.    

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  OVERVIEW 
    
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Report. In addition, this MD A contains certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See  Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  on page 32 of this Report. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 
    
  The MD A is divided into seven major sections: 
    
  OVERVIEW OF MARKETS AND RELATED INDUSTRY PERFORMANCE 
    
  REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED     OPERATING     RESULTS 
  Third   Quarter and   Nine   Months Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared to   2015    
    
  REVIEW BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 
  Third   Quarter and   Nine   Months Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared to   2015    
  Unallocated Corporate Expenses 
    
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Cash Flows 
  Capital Resources 
  Summary of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  OTHER 
  Seasonality 
    
  INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

OVERVIEW OF MARKETS AND RELATED INDUSTRY PERFORMANCE 
    
  Summary     
  The first   nine   months of   2016   reflected a continuation of steady growth in the recreational vehicle ( RV ) market, which includes growth in both towables and motorized units, and improving conditions in the industrial markets, as evidenced by year-to-date growth in new housing starts.  
    
  The third quarter of 2016 reflected shipment levels that exceeded expected seasonal demand patterns in the RV market coupled with the expected changing production patterns resulting from the introduction of new RV units for the 2017 model year at the annual dealer shows held in September by the major original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"). We expect that the positive sentiment exhibited by both RV dealers and manufacturers during the September shows will be reflected in industry order levels consistent with recent seasonal trends as we move through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of 2017.  In addition, we are seeing balance related to dealer inventory levels when compared to OEM production levels.  

21 

The manufactured housing ( MH ) industry reflected modest improvement in the quarter based on the estimated increase in wholesale industry shipments compared to the prior year quarter.  Additionally, MH industry growth continued to outpace new housing starts. Our industrial businesses grew at a significant pace as we introduced products into adjacent markets and penetrated new markets.  Overall, we have continued to capture market share through strategic acquisitions, line extensions, and the introduction of new and innovative products.  We expect the three primary markets that we serve to experience continued growth in the remainder of   2016   with full year seasonal pattern tracking trends consistent with the prior year. 
    
  RV Industry    
  The RV industry, which is our primary market and comprised 75% of the Company s   nine   months   2016   sales, continued to strengthen as evidenced by higher OEM production levels and wholesale unit shipments versus the prior year. According to the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association ( RVIA ), wholesale shipment levels reached 98,000 units in the   third   quarter of   2016  , representing an increase of approximately 19% versus the prior year period, in addition to representing the largest quarter-over-quarter increase since the fourth quarter of 2012. In the first   nine   months of   2016  , wholesale unit shipment levels reached 324,286 units, an increase of approximately 14% over   2015  . Recent acquisitions, new product offerings, and the ongoing strength of retail RV sales in both the towables and motorized sectors have led to a significant increase in our net sales in the first   nine   months of   2016  . 
    
  The RV industry also experienced wholesale shipment levels that exceeded expected seasonal demand patterns, beginning late in the second quarter of 2016 and continuing through the third quarter of 2016.  While the ongoing trend involving a shift in buying patterns towards smaller and more moderately priced towables and motorized units continues to moderately impact our overall dollar content per unit growth in the short-term, we view this as a positive indicator of a broadening consumer base and an opportunity for long-term industry growth. Additionally, we believe our commitment to quality customer service and our large complement of innovative product lines at various price points position us to address our customers  changing needs and buying patterns. 
  As it relates to the correlation between retail inventories and overall production levels, industry reports and dealer surveys continue to indicate RV dealer inventory levels are in line with anticipated retail demand, representing continued balance within the industry. Recent acquisitions, new products, market share gains, and the ongoing strength of retail RV sales, as evidenced by an approximate 8% combined increase in industry-wide retail sales of towables and motorized units in the first eight months of 2016, based on the most recent available survey data, have led to a significant increase in our net sales in both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2016. Despite the RV industry approaching prior peak levels of wholesale production, we continue to believe the future looks promising for the RV industry based on a number of factors including: positive industry demographic trends with younger buyers and an increasing number of baby boomers reaching retirement age, readily available financing, new and innovative products coming to market, increasing strength in the overall economic environment, and the value of the RV lifestyle related to spending quality time with families. The strong demographic indicators mentioned above point to a generally positive long-term outlook in the RV market, notwithstanding any major global events. 
    
  MH Industry    
  The MH industry represented approximately 13% of the Company s   nine   months   2016   sales. As estimated by the Company, wholesale unit shipments in the MH industry increased by approximately 5% in the   third   quarter of   2016   and 14% in the first   nine   months of   2016   from the comparable prior year periods. While we believe the MH industry has several hurdles to overcome related to the lack of financing alternatives, current credit standards and requirements, slow job growth, and limited access to the asset backed securities market, we are optimistic about the long-term potential in this industry as pent up demand continues based on improving consumer credit, rising rents, and capacity constraints in multi-family housing. 
    
  In addition, we also expect to see continued year-over-year improvement with limited risk in the near term and believe the long-term market outlook remains positive, especially given historical trends when compared to residential housing starts. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the upside potential of the MH market, especially given the combination of our nationwide geographic footprint, available capacity in our current MH focused locations, and our current content per unit levels. 
  Industrial Market 
  The industrial market, which accounted for 12% of our   nine   months   2016   sales, and is comprised primarily of the kitchen cabinet industry, retail and commercial fixtures market, office and household furniture market and regional  
  
   22 

distributors, is primarily impacted by macroeconomic conditions and more specifically, conditions in the residential housing market. The Company s industrial sales have increased over the last several years, reflecting both acquisition and organic growth, increased penetration in the markets we serve, and a focus on opportunities in the commercial markets.  In addition, our regional kitchen cabinet business grew during the third quarter primarily due to growth in residential construction and in the remodeling markets.  We estimate approximately 50% of our industrial revenue base was directly tied to the residential housing market in the first   nine   months of   2016   where new housing starts increased approximately 4% compared to the prior year period (as reported by the U.S. Department of Commerce). The remaining 50% of our industrial business is directly tied to the commercial markets, mainly in the commercial and institutional fixtures market. Our sales to the industrial market generally lag new residential housing starts by six to nine months. 
    
  We continue to diversify our industrial business and have targeted certain sales efforts towards: (1) market segments that are less directly tied to new single and multi-family home construction, including the marine, retail fixture, commercial, hospitality, office and furniture markets; (2) introducing new product lines via acquisition; and (3) new product development and penetration of adjacent markets and new geographic regions. In particular, in the first   nine   months of   2016  , we saw an approximate 7% growth in our commercial and institutional fixtures sales year over year. As a result, we have seen a shift in our product mix, which has had a positive impact on revenue from the industrial markets. In addition, we believe that projected continued low interest rates and a stable economic environment will continue to positively impact the housing industry for the next several years.     
    
  Outlook    
  In general, we expect the three primary markets that we serve to continue to experience quarter-over-quarter growth for the remainder of   2016   with full year seasonal patterns tracking recent trends. As the RV lifestyle continues to attract new buyers to the market, the RVIA currently forecasts that RV unit shipment levels in 2016 will increase approximately 8% over prior year levels, and market conditions, retail sentiment and demand, and dealer inventory levels point towards slow and steady growth for the 2017 fiscal year. In addition, as of September 29, 2016, the National Association of Home Builders ("NAHB") is forecasting an approximate 5% year-over-year increase in new housing starts for the full year 2016 compared to 2015. Consistent with the improvement in single-family residential housing starts, we anticipate a further increase in production levels in the MH industry in 2016, reflecting improvement in the overall economy. Based on the industry s current annualized run rates, the Company projects wholesale MH unit shipments for full year 2016 to increase by approximately 14% compared to 2015.  
    
  We will continue to review our operations on a regular basis, balance appropriate risks and opportunities, and maximize efficiencies to support the Company s long-term strategic growth goals. Our team remains focused on strategic acquisitions in our existing businesses and similar markets, expanding operations in targeted regional territories, capturing market share, increasing our per unit content, keeping costs aligned with revenue, maximizing operating efficiencies, talent management, and the execution of our organizational strategic agenda. Key focus areas for the remainder of 2016 include strategic revenue growth, driving improved manufacturing and operating efficiencies, reducing material costs due to improved strategic sourcing, and improving operating income, net income, earnings per share, and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ). 
    
  In conjunction with our overall organizational strategic agenda, we will continue to make targeted capital investments to support new business and leverage our operating platform. In anticipation of continued strong demand in the fourth quarter and in preparation for continued growth into 2017, we launched a strategic capital expenditure program in the third quarter of 2016 centered around investment in facility improvements, increased capacity, and more advanced manufacturing automation.  This initiative, which involves an incremental $4.5 million of capital spending that started in the third quarter of 2016 and will continue into 2017, will help ensure we have adequate capacity to meet demand, improve operating efficiencies, and address our customers  changing needs and buying patterns as they look for new, innovative products in the marketplace. Approximately $1.5 million of the $4.5 million was spent in the third quarter of 2016 with the remaining $3.0 million projected to be incurred in the next two quarters. The current capital plan for full year 2016 includes expenditures of up to approximately $15.0 million, including the strategic capital expenditure program noted above, facility expansion costs outside of our core Midwest market, strategic replacement and upgrading of production equipment to improve efficiencies and increase capacity, and maintenance capital expenditures at certain of our facilities. 

23 

REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS 
    
  Third   Quarter and   Nine   Months     Ended   September 25, 2016     Compared to   2015       
  The following table sets forth the percentage relationship to net sales of certain items on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Net Sales  . Net sales in the   third   quarter of   2016   increased   $89.4 million   or   42%  , to   $304.2 million   from   $214.8 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase was attributable to a   43%   increase in the Company s revenue from the RV industry, a   26%   increase in revenue from the MH industry, and a   50%   increase in revenue from the industrial markets. 
    
  Net sales in the first   nine   months of   2016   increased   $226.3 million   or   34%  , to   $898.0 million   from   $671.7 million   in the prior year period. The increase was attributable to a   33%   increase in the Company s revenue from the RV industry, a   25%   increase in revenue from the MH industry, and a   46%   increase in revenue from the industrial markets. 
    
  The revenue increase largely reflected the revenue contribution of the acquisitions completed in   2016  : Parkland Plastics, Inc. ( Parkland ), The Progressive Group ( Progressive ), Cana Holdings, Inc. ( Cana ), Mishawaka Sheet Metal, LLC ( MSM ), Vacuplast, LLC d/b/a L.S. Manufacturing, Inc. ( LS Mfg. ), BH Electronics, Inc. ( BHE ) and the incremental revenue contributions of the 2015 acquisitions: Better Way Partners, LLC d/b/a Better Way Products ( Better Way ), Structural Composites of Indiana, Inc. ( SCI ), and North American Forest Products, Inc. and North American Moulding, LLC (collectively,  North American ). The sales improvement in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   is also attributable to: (i) increased RV, MH, and industrial market penetration; (ii) improved commercial and institutional fixtures sales in the industrial market; (iii) an increase in wholesale unit shipments in the RV and MH industries; and (iv) improved residential housing starts. 
    
  Revenue in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015   included   $32.9 million   and   $26.1 million  , respectively, related to the acquisitions completed in each of those periods. For the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , revenue attributable to acquisitions completed in each of those periods was   $52.9 million   and   $46.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  Partially offsetting this revenue growth, particularly in the RV industry, in both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , was the continued mix shift towards a larger concentration of entry level and lower priced units, particularly related to travel trailers in the towables sector of the industry, which negatively impacted our content per unit growth.  
    
  The Company s RV content per unit (on a trailing twelve-month basis) for the   third   quarter of   2016   increased approximately 20% to $2,085 from $1,739 for the   third   quarter of   2015  . The MH content per unit (on a trailing twelve-month basis) for the   third   quarter of   2016   increased approximately 5% to an estimated $1,911 from $1,820 for the   third   quarter of   2015  . In the third quarter of 2016, we began to see improvement in the organic growth of our RV content per unit, reflecting the anniversary of the mix shift toward smaller, less expensive units that the RV industry started to experience in the second quarter of 2015, as well as strong growth in shipments during the quarter of fifth wheels which have higher per unit content. 

24 

The RV industry, which represented   73%   and   75%   of the Company s sales in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively, saw wholesale unit shipments increase by approximately 19% and 14%, respectively, in those periods  compared to   2015  . The Company estimates that the MH industry, which represented   14%   of the Company s sales in the   third   quarter and   13%   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , experienced an estimated 5% and 14% increase in wholesale unit shipments in those periods, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The industrial market sector accounted for approximately   13%   of the Company s sales in the   third   quarter and   12%   of sales in the first   nine   months of   2016  . We estimate that approximately 50% of our industrial revenue base is linked to the residential housing market, which experienced an increase in new housing starts of approximately 4% in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the prior year period (as reported by the U.S. Department of Commerce). 
    
  Cost of Goods Sold.   Cost of goods sold   increase  d   $75.5 million   or   42%  , to   $255.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $179.8 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold   increase  d during the   third   quarter of   2016   to   83.9%   from   83.7%   in   2015  . For the first   nine   months of   2016  , cost of goods sold   increase  d   $187.7 million   million or   33%  , to   $748.5 million   from   $560.8 million   in the prior year period. For the first   nine   months of   2016  , cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales   decrease  d to   83.4%   from   83.5%   in the prior year period. 
    
  Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was negatively impacted during the   third   quarter of 2016 by RV wholesale shipments in excess of expected seasonal demand patterns, which when combined with the operational complexities related to the model year changeovers that traditionally occur in the third quarter, generated certain internal capacity constraints and labor inefficiencies related to overtime and employee turnover, particularly in our Midwest facilities.  For the first   nine   months of   2016  , cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was positively impacted by increased revenue relative to our overall fixed overhead costs, the impact of the timing of acquisitions completed during 2015 and 2016, and the addition of new higher margin product lines. In addition, demand changes in certain market sectors can result in fluctuating costs of certain more commodity-oriented raw materials and other products that we utilize and distribute from quarter-to-quarter.   
    
  Gross Profit.   Gross profit   increase  d   $13.9 million   or   39%  , to   $48.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $35.0 million   in   2015  . For the   nine   months periods, gross profit increased   $38.7 million   or   35%  , to   $149.5 million   in   2016   from   $110.8 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of net sales, gross profit   decrease  d to   16.1%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   16.3%   in the same period in   2015  , and   increase  d to   16.6%   in the first   nine   months of   2016   from   16.5%   in the prior year period. The improvement in gross profit dollars and the impact to the percentage of net sales in both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   2015   reflected the impact of the factors discussed above under  Cost of Goods Sold.   
    
  Economic or industry-wide factors affecting the profitability of our RV, MH and industrial businesses include the costs of commodities used to manufacture our products and the competitive environment that can cause gross margins to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. 
    
  Exclusive of any commodity pricing fluctuations, competitive pricing dynamics, or other circumstances outside of our control, we anticipate full year gross margins to increase in   2016   from   2015   as a result of operating leverage from continued expected sales growth, as well as higher average gross margins on the acquisitions completed in 2015 and 2016 when compared to historical consolidated gross margins. 
    
  Warehouse and Delivery Expenses  . Warehouse and delivery expenses   increase  d   $2.5 million   or   37%  , to   $9.2 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $6.7 million   in   2015  . For the first   nine   months, warehouse and delivery expenses   increase  d   $6.0 million   or   30%  , to $26.2 million in   2016   from   $20.2 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of net sales, warehouse and delivery expenses were 3.0% and 3.1% in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine   months periods, warehouse and delivery expenses were 2.9% and 3.0% of net sales for   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  The decrease in warehouse and delivery expenses as a percentage of net sales in both the third quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   reflected the impact of increased direct ship business in our Distribution segment, a reduction in fuel costs, the impact of acquisitions completed in   2015   and   2016   with lower delivery expenses as a percentage of net sales when compared to the consolidated percentage, and more efficient utilization per delivery truckload. We expect the current reduced level of fuel costs, if sustained throughout the remainder of 2016, to positively impact our warehouse and delivery expense. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expenses  . SG A expenses   increase  d   $5.1 million   or   47%  , to   $15.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $10.8 million   in   2015  . For the first   nine   months, SG A expenses   increase  d  
  
   25 

$11.3 million   or   34%  , to   $44.9 million   in   2016   from $33.6 million in   2015  . The net increase in SG A expenses in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the prior year periods primarily reflected the impact of additional headcount and administrative expenses associated with recent acquisitions and increased stock-based and incentive compensation expense designed to attract and retain key employees. As a percentage of net sales, SG A expenses were   5.2%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   5.0%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the comparable   nine   months periods, SG A expenses were   5.0%   of net sales for both   2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Amortization of Intangible Assets.   Amortization of intangible assets   increase  d   $1.3 million   and   $3.7 million   in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily reflecting the impact of the acquisitions completed in 2015 (Better Way, SCI and North American) and in the first   nine   months of   2016   (Parkland, Progressive, Cana, MSM, LS Mfg. and BHE). In the aggregate, in conjunction with the   2015   and   2016   acquisitions, the Company recognized an estimated $91.4 million in certain finite-lived intangible assets that are being amortized over periods ranging from two to 10 years. 
    
  Operating     Income.   Operating income   increase  d   $4.9 million   or   32%  , to   $20.1 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $15.2 million   in   2015  . For the first   nine   months, operating income   increase  d   $17.6 million   or   34%  , to   $68.7 million   in   2016   from   $51.1 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of net sales, operating income   decrease  d to   6.6%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   7.1%   in the same period in   2015  . For the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , operating income was   7.7%   and   7.6%   of net sales, respectively. Operating income in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015   included   $3.5 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, attributable to the acquisitions completed in each of those periods. For the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , operating income attributable to acquisitions completed in each of those periods was   $5.8 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively. The change in operating income and operating margin is primarily attributable to the items discussed above. 
    
  Interest Expense, Net.   Interest expense   increase  d   $0.7 million   to   $1.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $1.2 million   in the prior year. For the first   nine   months, interest expense   increase  d   $2.3 million   to   $5.2 million   in   2016   from   $2.9 million   in   2015  . The change in interest expense reflects increased borrowings primarily to fund acquisitions and increased working capital needs in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  . 
    
  Income Taxes.   The Company recorded income taxes at an estimated effective rate of   33.9%   and   35.9%   in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively.  For the comparable   2015   periods, the estimated effective tax rate was   36.3%   and   37.5%  , respectively.  The reduction in the effective rate for the 2016 periods primarily reflected the use of higher tax credits. As we continue to refine our state income tax estimates, which are impacted by shifts in apportionment factors among states as a result of recent acquisition activity and other factors, we could experience fluctuations in our combined effective income tax rate from period to period and for the remainder of   2016  . 
    
  In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , the Company realized approximately   $1.3 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, of excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation, which had not been recorded as deferred tax assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These tax benefits were recorded to shareholders  equity upon realization in   2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Net Income.   Net income for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $12.0 million   or   $0.79   per diluted share compared to   $9.0 million   or   $0.58   per diluted share for   2015  . For the first   nine   months, net income was   $40.8 million   or   $2.68   per diluted share in   2016   compared to   $30.2 million   or   $1.95   per diluted share for   2015  . The changes in net income for both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   reflect the impact of the items previously discussed. 
    
  REVIEW BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 
    
  The Company has determined that its reportable segments are those based on its method of internal reporting, which segregates its businesses by product category and production/distribution process. 
    
  The Company s reportable business segments are as follows: 
    
  Manufacturing     This segment includes the following divisions: laminated products that are utilized to produce furniture, shelving, walls, countertops, and cabinet products, cabinet doors, fiberglass bath fixtures, hardwood furniture, vinyl printing, solid surface, granite, and quartz countertop fabrication, RV painting, fabricated aluminum products, simulated wood and stone products, fiberglass and plastic components, softwoods lumber, custom cabinetry, polymer- 
  
   26 

based flooring and other products. Patrick s major manufactured products also include wrapped vinyl, paper and hardwood profile mouldings, interior passage doors, and slotwall panels and components. 
    
  Distribution     The Company distributes pre-finished wall and ceiling panels, drywall and drywall finishing products, electronics and audio systems components, wiring, electrical and plumbing products, fiber reinforced polyester products, cement siding, interior passage doors, roofing products, laminate and ceramic flooring, shower doors, furniture, fireplaces and surrounds, interior and exterior lighting products, and other miscellaneous products. 
    
  Third   Quarter and   Nine   Months Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared to   2015    
    
  General 
    
  In the discussion that follows, sales attributable to the Company s operating segments include intersegment sales and gross profit includes the impact of intersegment operating activity. 
    
  The table below presents information about the sales, gross profit and operating income of the Company s operating segments. A reconciliation to consolidated operating income is presented in Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Manufacturing 
    
  Sales.   Sales increased   $82.0 million   or   47%  , to   $255.7 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $173.7 million   in   2015  . In the first   nine   months of   2016  , sales increased   $216.1 million   or   41%  , to   $749.2 million   from   $533.1 million   in the first   nine   months of   2015  . This segment accounted for approximately 82% of the Company s consolidated net sales for the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , and   79%   for the   third   quarter and   77%   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . In the   third   quarter of   2016  , the sales increase reflected a   51%   increase in the Company s revenue from the RV industry, a   44%   increase in revenue from the MH industry, and a   30%   increase in revenue from the industrial markets. On a year-to-date basis, the sales increase reflected a   42%  ,   42%   and   30%   increase in the Company s revenue from the RV industry, MH industry and industrial markets, respectively. 
    
  Revenue in the   third   quarter of   2016   and 2015 included   $27.7 million   and   $26.1 million  , respectively, attributable to the acquisitions completed in each of those periods. For the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , revenue attributable to acquisitions completed in each of those periods was   $40.9 million   and   $46.4 million  , respectively. The sales improvement was also attributable to: (i) increased RV, MH and industrial market penetration; (ii) an increase in wholesale unit shipments in the RV and MH industries; and (iii) improved commercial and institutional fixtures business in the industrial markets. Partially offsetting this revenue growth, particularly in the RV industry, in both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , was the continued mix shift towards a larger concentration of entry level and lower priced units, particularly related to travel trailers in the towables sector of the industry, which negatively impacted our content per unit growth. 
  
   27 

Gross Profit  . Gross profit increased $11.1 million to   $39.1 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $28.0 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . As a percentage of sales, gross profit decreased to   15.3%   in   third   quarter   2016   from   16.1%   in   2015  . For the   nine   months periods, gross profit increased $35.5 million to   $123.7 million   in   2016   from   $88.2 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of sales, gross profit was flat at   16.5%   in both the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  . The decline in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the   third   quarter of 2016 primarily reflected the impact of RV wholesale shipments in excess of expected seasonal demand patterns, which when combined with the operational complexities related to the model year changeovers, generated certain internal capacity constraints and labor inefficiencies related to overtime and employee turnover, particularly in our Midwest facilities. In addition, gross profit as a percentage of sales for both the third quarter and the first   nine   months of   2016   benefited from: (i) the addition of new, higher margin product lines; (ii) the impact of acquisitions completed during   2015   and   2016  ; and (iii) higher revenue relative to overall fixed overhead costs. 
    
  Operating Income.   Operating income increased $6.4 million to   $23.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $17.2 million   in the prior year. For the   nine   months periods, operating income increased   $24.2 million   to   $81.0 million   in   2016   from   $56.8 million   in   2015  . The improvement in operating income primarily reflects the changes in gross profit mentioned above. Operating income in the   third   quarter of   2016   and 2015 included   $3.4 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, attributable to the acquisitions completed in each of those periods. For the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , operating income attributable to acquisitions completed in each of those periods was   $5.3 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively. 
    
  Distribution 
    
  Sales.   Sales increased   $8.9 million   or   19%  , to   $55.0 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $46.1 million   in   2015  . In the first   nine   months of 2016, sales increased   $13.8 million   or   9%  , to   $168.3 million   from   $154.5 million   in the first   nine   months of   2015  . This segment accounted for approximately 18% of the Company s consolidated net sales for both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , and   21%   for the   third   quarter and   23%   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . The sales increase in both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   largely reflected an increase in the Company s revenue from the industrial markets. 
    
  The acquisition of Progressive, which was completed in the latter half of the first quarter of   2016  , contributed approximately $5.2 million and $12.0 million to total sales in the Distribution segment in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively. The acquisitions completed in 2015 were all related to the Manufacturing segment, and therefore there was no impact from these acquisitions on revenues in the Distribution segment. 
    
  Gross Profit.   Gross profit increased $2.4 million to   $9.5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $7.1 million   in the   third   quarter of 2015. As a percentage of sales, gross profit increased to   17.3%   in the   third   quarter of 2016 from   15.3%   in   2015  . For the   nine   months periods, gross profit increased   $4.5 million   to   $28.2 million   in   2016   from   $23.7 million   in   2015  . As a percentage of sales, gross profit increased to   16.8%   in the first   nine   months of 2016 from   15.4%   in the same period in   2015  . The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for both the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   is primarily attributable to the strategic exit of certain negative or lower margin product lines within several of our distribution businesses. 
    
  Operating Income.   Operating income increased   $1.3 million   to   $3.8 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $2.5 million   in the prior year. For the   nine   months periods, operating income increased   $1.9 million   to   $11.3 million   in   2016   from   $9.4 million   in   2015  . The acquisition of Progressive contributed approximately   $0.1 million   and   $0.5 million   to total operating income in the Distribution segment in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively. The acquisitions completed in   2015   were all related to the Manufacturing segment, and therefore there was no impact from these acquisitions on operating income in the Distribution segment. The change in operating income is primarily attributable to the items discussed above. 
    
  Unallocated Corporate Expenses 
  Unallocated corporate expenses in the   third   quarter of 2016 increased   $1.4 million   to   $3.6 million   from   $2.2 million   in the comparable prior year period. In the first   nine   months of   2016  , unallocated corporate expenses increased   $4.9 million   to   $13.9 million   from   $9.0 million   in the first   nine   months of   2015  . Unallocated corporate expenses in both the third quarter of 2016 and the first   nine   months of 2016 included the impact of an increase in administrative wages, incentives and payroll taxes, and additional headcount associated with the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions. 
  
   28 

LIQUIDITY     AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  Operating Activities 
  Cash flows from operations represent the net income earned in the reported periods adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Our primary sources of liquidity have been cash flows from operating activities and borrowings under our 2015 Credit Facility (as defined herein). Our principal uses of cash are to support working capital demands, meet debt service requirements and support our capital allocation strategy, which includes acquisitions, capital expenditures, and repurchases of the Company s common stock, among others. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $49.7 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $25.3 million   in   2015  . Net income was   $40.8 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $30.2 million   in   2015  . Net of acquisitions, trade receivables increased   $27.2 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   and   $17.6 million   in the same period of   2015  , reflecting increased sales levels and seasonal trends in each of those periods, including the post-acquisition sales increases of the acquisitions completed in 2016, 2015 and 2014, as well as the timing of certain customer payments. Due to the timing of the end of our fiscal quarters compared to the payment cycles of certain of our customers, cash flows from operating activities do not reflect the receipt of $17.7 million and $16.7 million in cash payments on trade receivables within two days following the end of our fiscal quarters ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively.    
    
  The   $23.4 million   net increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the first   nine   months of   2016   and the   $0.6 million   net increase in the comparable   2015   period, primarily reflected the increased level of business activity, the timing and impact of acquisitions, and ongoing operating cash management. 
    
  The Company paid income taxes of   $6.7 million   and   $23.2 million   in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively. For the comparable periods in   2015  , the Company paid income taxes of   $6.3 million   and   $18.3 million  , respectively. The Company had various state net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) of approximately   $0.7 million   at December 31, 2015, of which approximately   $0.4 million   were remaining to be utilized as of   September 25, 2016  . The Company estimates that it will utilize a majority of the remaining state NOLs by the end of 2016. In   2016   and   2015  , the Company made quarterly estimated tax payments consistent with its expected annual 2016 and 2015 federal and state income tax liability. 
    
  In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , the Company realized   $1.3 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, of additional taxable deductions related to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation, which had not been recorded as deferred tax assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These tax benefits were recorded to shareholders  equity upon realization in the first   nine   months of 2016 and 2015. 
    
  Investing Activities     
  Investing activities used cash of   $122.7 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   primarily to fund the Parkland, Progressive, Cana, MSM, LS Mfg. and BHE acquisitions for   $112.1 million   in the aggregate, and for capital expenditures of   $10.9 million  , of which $1.5 million was related to the strategic capital expenditure program the Company initiated in the third quarter of 2016. Investing activities used cash of   $143.1 million   in the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily to fund the Better Way, SCI and North American acquisitions for   $139.2 million   in the aggregate, and for capital expenditures of   $4.7 million  . 
    
  Our current operating model forecasts capital expenditures for fiscal   2016   of up to approximately $15.0 million, including the strategic capital expenditure program noted above, as well as facility expansion costs outside of our core Midwest market, strategic replacement and upgrading of production equipment to improve efficiencies and increase capacity, and maintenance capital expenditures at certain of our facilities. 
    
  Financing Activities    
  Net cash flows provided by financing activities were   $74.4 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $119.1 million   in the comparable   2015   period. As of   September 25, 2016  , availability under the 2015 Revolver (as defined herein), net of cash on hand, was   $76.3 million  . 

29 

Incremental borrowings related to the Term Loan (as defined herein) and net borrowings on the 2015 Revolver were   $81.7 million   in the aggregate in the first   nine   months of   2016  . These borrowings were primarily used to fund the Parkland, Progressive, Cana, MSM, LS Mfg. and BHE acquisitions, stock repurchases and capital expenditures, totaling $127.6 million in the aggregate.  
    
  Total borrowings related to the Term Loan and net borrowings on the 2015 Revolver were   $126.4 million   in the aggregate in the first   nine   months of   2015  . These borrowings were primarily used to fund the Better Way, SCI, and North American acquisitions, stock repurchases and capital expenditures, totaling $149.5 million in the aggregate. 
    
  In addition, the Company paid down $5.4 million and $2.7 million in principal on its Term Loan in the first nine months of 2016 and   2015  , respectively.  At the beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 and 2015, approximately $3.9 million and $2.7 million, respectively, was paid down on the Term Loan in accordance with the Company's scheduled debt service requirements.   
    
  In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for a total cost of $4.7 million and $5.7 million, respectively. See Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. In addition, cash flows from financing activities included $1.9 million of proceeds received from the exercise of stock options in both 2016 and 2015.   
    
  Cash flows related to financing activities in the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015   also included $1.3 million and $1.1 million, respectively, related to the realization of excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation. See the related discussion above under  Cash Flows   Operating Activities  for additional details. 
    
  Capital Resources 
    
  2015 Credit Facility    
  The Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2015 (the  2015 Credit Agreement ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender ( Wells Fargo ), and Fifth Third Bank ( Fifth Third ), Key Bank National Association ( Key Bank ), Bank of America, N.A. ( B of A ), and Lake City Bank as participants, to expand its senior secured credit facility to $250.0 million and extend its maturity to 2020 (the  2015 Credit Facility ). The 2015 Credit Facility initially was comprised of a $175.0 revolving credit loan (the  2015 Revolver ) and a $75.0 million term loan (the  Term Loan ). The 2015 Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all personal property assets of the Company and any domestic subsidiary guarantors. 
    
  On August 31, 2015, the Company entered into a first amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement to expand the 2015 Credit Facility to $300.0 million from $250.0 million by expanding the 2015 Revolver to $225.0 million. 
    
  On July 26, 2016, the Company entered into a second amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement to expand the 2015 Credit Facility to $360.0 million from $300.0 million by expanding the 2015 Revolver to $269.4 million and the Term Loan to $90.6 million, and to add 1   st    Source Bank as an additional participant. 
    
  At   September 25, 2016  , the Company had   $90.6 million   outstanding under the Term Loan and   $190.2 million   under the 2015 Revolver. 
    
  Pursuant to the 2015 Credit Agreement, the financial covenants include: (a) a required maximum consolidated total leverage ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, not to exceed 3.00:1.00 for the 12-month period ending on such quarter-end; and (b) a required minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis, of at least 1.50:1.00 for the 12-month period ending on such quarter-end. 
    
  As of and for the   September 25, 2016   reporting date, the Company was in compliance with both of these financial debt covenants as required under the terms of the 2015 Credit Agreement. The required maximum consolidated total leverage ratio and the required minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio compared to the actual amounts as of   September 25, 2016   and for the fiscal period then ended are as follows:   

30 

Additional information regarding (1) certain definitions, terms and reporting requirements included in the 2015 Credit Agreement; (2) the interest rates for borrowings at   September 25, 2016  ; and (3) the composition of the calculation of both the consolidated total leverage ratio and the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio is included in Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Summary of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flow from operations, which includes selling our products and collecting receivables, available cash reserves and borrowing capacity available under our 2015 Credit Facility. Our principal uses of cash are to support working capital demands, meet debt service requirements and support our capital allocation strategy, which includes acquisitions, capital expenditures, and repurchases of the Company s common stock, among others. 
    
  As of   September 25, 2016  , the availability under the 2015 Revolver, net of cash on hand, was    $76.3 million  . Borrowings under the 2015 Revolver and the Term Loan under the 2015 Credit Facility are subject to a maximum total borrowing limit of $360.0 million and are subject to variable rates of interest. For the first nine months of 2016 and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants under the terms of the credit agreement in effect at each reporting date. 
    
  We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available borrowings under our 2015 Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months, exclusive of any acquisitions, based on our current cash flow budgets and forecasts of our short-term and long-term liquidity needs. 
    
  Our ability to access unused borrowing capacity under the 2015 Credit Facility as a source of liquidity is dependent on our maintaining compliance with the financial covenants as specified under the terms of the 2015 Credit Agreement. In 2016, our management team is focused on increasing market share, maintaining margins, keeping costs aligned with revenue, further improving operating efficiencies, managing inventory levels and pricing, and acquiring businesses and product lines that meet established criteria. In addition, future liquidity and capital resources may be impacted as we continue to make targeted capital investments to support new business and leverage our operating platform and to repurchase common stock in conjunction with the Company s new stock repurchase program announced in January 2016. 
    
  Our working capital requirements vary from period to period depending on manufacturing volumes primarily related to the RV and MH industries, the timing of deliveries, and the payment cycles of our customers. In the event that our operating cash flow is inadequate and one or more of our capital resources were to become unavailable, we would seek to revise our operating strategies accordingly. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. 
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies which are summarized in the MD A and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    
  OTHER  
    
  Seasonality    
  Manufacturing operations in the RV and MH industries historically have been seasonal and generally have been at the highest levels when the climate is moderate. Accordingly, the Company s sales and profits had generally been the highest in the second and third quarters. Seasonal industry trends in the past several years have included the impact related to the addition of major RV manufacturer open houses for dealers to the September timeframe, whereby dealers are delaying purchases until new product lines are introduced at these shows. This has resulted in seasonal softening in the RV industry beginning in the third quarter and extending through October, and when combined with our increased concentration in the RV industry, led to a seasonal trend pattern in which the Company achieves its strongest sales and profit levels in the first half of the year. 
  
   31 

INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  The Company makes forward-looking statements with respect to financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive position, growth opportunities for existing products, plans and objectives of management, markets for the common stock of Patrick Industries, Inc. and other matters from time to time and desires to take advantage of the  safe harbor  which is afforded such statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 when they are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The statements contained in the foregoing  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as well as other statements contained in the quarterly report and statements contained in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), publicly disseminated press releases, quarterly earnings conference calls, and statements which may be made from time to time in the future by management of the Company in presentations to shareholders, prospective investors, and others interested in the business and financial affairs of the Company, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any projections of financial performance or statements concerning expectations as to future developments should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such results or developments will, in fact, occur. There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statement will be realized or that actual results will not be significantly different from that set forth in such forward-looking statement. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. Factors that may affect the Company s operations and prospects are contained in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in the Company's Form 10-Qs for subsequent quarterly periods, which are filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Debt Obligations    
  At   September 25, 2016  , our total debt obligations under our 2015 Credit Agreement were under either LIBOR-based or prime rate-based interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in the underlying LIBOR and prime rates would result in additional annual interest cost of approximately $2.8 million, assuming average borrowings, including the Term Loan, subject to variable rates of   $280.9 million  , which was the amount of such borrowings outstanding (excluding the reclassification of deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan) at   September 25, 2016   subject to variable rates. 
    
  Inflation    
  The prices of key raw materials, consisting primarily of lauan, gypsum, particleboard, fiberglass and aluminum, are influenced by demand and other factors specific to these commodities, such as the price of oil, rather than being directly affected by inflationary pressures. Prices of certain commodities have historically been volatile and continued to fluctuate in the first   nine   months of 2016. During periods of rising commodity prices, we have generally been able to pass the increased costs to our customers in the form of surcharges and price increases. However, there can be no assurance future cost increases, if any, can be partially or fully passed on to customers, or that the timing of such sales price increases will match raw material cost increases. We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on results of operations for the periods presented. 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company maintains  disclosure controls and procedures , as such term is defined under Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and the Company s management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
  
   32 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the  Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information relating to the Company, including consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the   third   quarter ended   September 25, 2016   or subsequent to the date the Company completed its evaluation, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.         

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  Items 1, 3, 4 and 5 of Part II are not applicable and have been omitted. 

ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

(a)  None. 
  (b)  None. 
  (c)  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

In January 2016, the Company fully utilized the authorization under its previous repurchase plan originally announced in 2013, and announced that the Board approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to $50 million of the Company s common stock over a 24-month period (the  2016 Repurchase Plan ). In the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company repurchased   40,102   shares at an average price of   $44.93   for a total cost of   $1.8 million   under the 2016 Repurchase Plan. There were no stock repurchases in the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
    
  In the period from September 26, 2016 through October 21, 2016, there were no additional repurchases made of the Company's common stock.  As of October 21, 2016, there was $48.2 million available to be repurchased under the authorized stock repurchase program.  

33 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 

Exhibits 
    Description 

31.1 
    Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer 
      31.2 
    Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer 
      32 
    Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
      101 
    Interactive Data Files. The following materials are filed electronically with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 
        
    101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document 
        
    101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
        
    101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
        
    101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
        
    101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

34 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC  . 

(Registrant) 

Date:   November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Todd M. Cleveland 

Todd M. Cleveland 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Joshua A. Boone 

Joshua A. Boone 

Vice President-Finance  
  and Chief Financial Officer 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 patk2016q3ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Todd M. Cleveland, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Patrick Industries, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Todd M. Cleveland 

Todd M. Cleveland 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 patk2016q3ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS           
    
  I, Joshua A. Boone, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Patrick Industries, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Joshua A. Boone 

Joshua A. Boone 

Vice President - Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 patk2016q3ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of Patrick Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 25, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

/s/ Todd M. Cleveland 
  Todd M. Cleveland 
  Chief Executive Officer 
    
  /s/ Joshua A. Boone 
  Joshua A. Boone  
  Vice President   Finance and 
  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  November 3, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 patk-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 patk-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 patk-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 patk-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 patk-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 patk-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

