<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_858470_0000858470-16-000066_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6156299</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87320</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>306387</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2213933</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2512317</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>906459</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000858470-16-000066.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028115235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000858470-16-000066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CABOT OIL & GAS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858470
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				043072771
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10447
		FILM NUMBER:		161957546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		840 GESSNER ROAD, SUITE 1400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2815894600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		840 GESSNER ROAD, SUITE 1400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000858470-16-000066.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 cog-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  o             TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
  Commission file number 1-10447 
                 
      CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE 
      
    04-3072771 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

Three Memorial City Plaza 
  840 Gessner Road, Suite 1400, Houston, Texas 77024 
  (Address of principal executive offices including ZIP code) 
  (281) 589-4600 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No     
  As of   October 24, 2016  , there were   465,149,507   shares of Common Stock, Par Value $.10 Per Share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
       Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    27 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    29 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    29 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    29 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    30 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    30 

Signatures  
    31 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    Financial Statements 
   
  CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Financial Statement Presentation 
  During interim periods, Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation (the Company) follows the same accounting policies disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (Form 10-K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements and information presented in the Form 10-K. In management s opinion, the accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement. The results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the expected results for the entire year. 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year statements to conform with the current year presentation. These reclassifications have no impact on previously reported stockholder's equity, net income (loss) or cash flows. 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  Debt Issuance Costs.   In March 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements. The update provides authoritative guidance for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, noting the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2015-03 as a change in accounting principle. The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of this guidance, resulting in a decrease of   $8.9 million   in both other assets and long term debt related to the debt issuance costs on our senior notes. There was   no   impact to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations or Statement of Cash Flows.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  Stock-based Compensation.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, as an amendment to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. Amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be applied using a modified retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is adopted. Amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares to meet the minimum statutory withholding requirement should be applied retrospectively. Amendments requiring recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement and the practical expedient for estimating expected term should be applied prospectively. An entity may elect to apply the amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows using either a prospective transition method or a retrospective transition method.  
  The Company expects to adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2017. The recognition of previously unrecognized windfall tax benefits is expected to result in a cumulative-effect adjustment of between   $45.0 million   and   $50.0 million   (net of tax), which would increase retained earnings and decrease net deferred tax liabilities by the same amount as of the beginning of 2017. The remaining provisions of this amendment are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

6 

     Table of Contents  

Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, as a new Topic, ASC Topic 842. The new lease guidance supersedes Topic 840. The core principle of the guidance is that a company should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases. This ASU does not apply to leases to explore for or use minerals, oil, natural gas and similar nonregenerative resources, including the intangible right to explore for those natural resources and rights to use the land in which those natural resources are contained. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. This ASU can be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company expects to adopt this standard effective January 1, 2019 and is currently evaluating the effect that adopting this guidance will have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as a new Topic, ASC Topic 606. The new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle of the guidance is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year, making the new standard effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. This ASU can be adopted either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.  
  Additionally, in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations on such matters. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying performance obligations and licensing, which clarifies guidance related to identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance contained in the new revenue recognition standard. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients, which addresses narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectibility, non-cash consideration, and completed contracts at transition. Additionally, the amendments in this update provide a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that adopting this guidance will have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Statement of Cash Flows.   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues for which current GAAP is either unclear or does not include specific guidance. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period. This guidance must be adopted using a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that adopting this guidance will have on its cash flows. 
   
  2. Properties and Equipment, Net 
  Properties and equipment, net are comprised of the following: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any projects that had exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of greater than   one year   after drilling. 
  In February 2016, the Company completed the divestiture of certain proved and unproved oil and gas properties in east Texas for approximately   $56.4 million   and recognized a   $0.5 million   gain on sale of assets. The purchase price included a   $6.3 million   deposit that was received in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

3. Equity Method Investments 
  The Company holds a   25%   equity interest in Constitution Pipeline Company, LLC (Constitution) and a   20%   equity interest in Meade Pipeline Co LLC (Meade). Activity related to   these equity method investments is as follows:    

During 2016, the Company expects to contribute approximately   $30.0 million   to its equity method investments. For further information regarding the Company s equity method investments, refer to   Note 4   of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Form 10-K. 
  Constitution 
  The following table represents summarized financial information for Constitution as derived from the respective unaudited financial statements of Constitution for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively:  

The Company records the activity for its equity method investments on a one month lag; however, the above summarized financial information represents Constitution's operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  On April 22, 2016, Constitution announced that the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) denied Constitution's application for a section 401 Water Quality Certification (Certification) for the New York State portion of its proposed 124-mile route. During second quarter of 2016, Constitution filed legal actions in the U.S Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the U.S District Court for the Northern District of New York challenging the legality and appropriateness of the NYSDEC s decision. Both courts have granted Constitution's motions to expedite the schedules for the legal actions.  
  Constitution stated that it remains committed to pursuing the project and that it intends to pursue all available options to challenge the NYSDEC s decision. In light of the denial of the Certification and ongoing litigation, Constitution has revised its target in-service date to the second half of 2018, assuming that the challenge process is satisfactorily and promptly concluded.  
  In light of the NYSDEC s denial and resulting litigation, the Company evaluated its investment in Constitution for other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) and as of September 30, 2016, does not believe there is an indication of an OTTI. The Company s evaluation considered various factors, including but not limited to prior Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval and the related economic viability of the project, legal actions filed by Constitution and the expected duration of the legal proceedings, which are at very early stages, and the other members  commitment to the project. To the extent that the legal and regulatory proceedings have unfavorable outcomes, or if Constitution concludes that the project is no longer viable or elects to not go forward as legal and regulatory actions progress, the Company will reevaluate the facts and circumstances relative to its conclusions with respect to OTTI. In the event that facts and circumstances change, the Company may be required to recognize an impairment charge up to its investment value at such time, net of any cash and working capital held by Constitution. The Company will continue to monitor the carrying value of its investment as required. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

At this time, the Company remains committed to funding the project in an amount in proportion to its ownership interest for the development and construction of the new pipeline. The Company's total contributions for this project are expected to be approximately   $240.0 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has made contributions of approximately   $87.9 million   since inception of the project.  
  Meade 
  In October 2016, Meade revised its expected in-service date to mid-2018; however, this estimate is contingent on the timely issuance of remaining outstanding permits. 
   
  4. Debt and Credit Agreements 
  The Company s debt and credit agreements consisted of the following: 

(1)   Includes   $20.0 million   of current portion of long-term debt at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The borrowing base under the terms of the Company's revolving credit facility is redetermined annually in April. In addition, either the Company or the banks may request an interim redetermination twice a year or in connection with certain acquisitions or divestitures of oil and gas properties. Effective   April 19, 2016  , the Company s borrowing base was reduced from   $3.4 billion   to   $3.2 billion  . The maximum credit amount under the revolving credit facility remained unchanged at   $1.8 billion  ; however, the available commitments were reduced to   $1.6 billion   at the time of the redetermination.  
  In May 2016, the Company repurchased   $64.0 million   principal amount of its   6.51%   weighted-average senior notes for approximately   $68.3 million  . A   $4.7 million   extinguishment loss was recognized in the second quarter of 2016   associated with the premium paid and the write-off of a portion of the associated deferred financing costs due to early repayment  . As a result of the repurchase of these senior notes, the available commitments under the revolving credit facility increased to   $1.7 billion   and remained at that level as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all restrictive financial covenants for both its revolving credit facility and senior notes. As of   September 30, 2016  , based on the Company's asset coverage and leverage ratios, there were no interest rate adjustments required for the Company's senior notes. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility and had unused commitments of   $1.7 billion  . There were   no   borrowings under the revolving credit facility during the second and   third   quarters of   2016  . The Company s weighted-average effective interest rate for the revolving credit facility for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   was approximately   2.1%   and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was approximately   2.3%   and   2.2%  , respectively.   
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

5. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had the following outstanding commodity derivatives: 

In the table above, natural gas prices are stated per Mcf and crude oil prices are stated per barrel.  
  Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 

Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 
                               (In thousands) 
      
    September 30,  2016 
      
    December 31,  2015 
      Derivative assets 

Gross amounts of recognized assets 
      
    $ 
    2,668 

$ 

Gross amounts offset in the statement of financial position 
      
    (1,006 
    ) 

Net amounts of assets presented in the statement of financial position 
      
    1,662 

Gross amounts of financial instruments not offset in the statement of financial position 

Net amount 
      
    $ 
    1,662 

$ 

Derivative liabilities  

Gross amounts of recognized liabilities 
      
    $ 
    7,159 

$ 

Gross amounts offset in the statement of financial position 
      
    (1,006 
    ) 

Net amounts of liabilities presented in the statement of financial position 
      
    6,153 

Gross amounts of financial instruments not offset in the statement of financial position 

Net amount 
      
    $ 
    6,153 

$ 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 

6. Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company follows the authoritative guidance for measuring fair value of assets and liabilities in its financial statements. For further information regarding the fair value hierarchy, refer to   Note 1   of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Form 10-K. 
  Financial Assets and Liabilities 
  The following fair value hierarchy table presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The Company s investments associated with its deferred compensation plan consist of mutual funds and deferred shares of the Company s common stock that are publicly traded and for which market prices are readily available. 
  The derivative instruments were measured based on quotes from the Company s counterparties. Such quotes have been derived using an income approach that considers various inputs including current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, quoted forward prices for natural gas and crude oil, basis differentials, volatility factors and interest rates, such as a LIBOR curve for a similar length of time as the derivative contract term as applicable. Estimates are verified using relevant NYMEX futures contracts and/or are compared to multiple quotes obtained from counterparties for reasonableness. The determination of the fair values presented above also incorporates a credit adjustment for non-performance risk. The Company measured the non-performance risk of its counterparties by reviewing credit default swap spreads for the various financial institutions with which it has derivative transactions, while non-performance risk of the Company is evaluated  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

using a market credit spread provided by the Company s bank. The Company has not incurred any losses related to non-performance risk of its counterparties and does not anticipate any material impact on its financial results due to non-performance by third parties.  
  The most significant unobservable inputs relative to the Company s Level 3 derivative contracts are basis differentials and volatility factors. An increase (decrease) in these unobservable inputs would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value, respectively. The Company does not have access to the specific assumptions used in its counterparties  valuation models. Consequently, additional disclosures regarding significant Level 3 unobservable inputs were not provided. 
  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of financial assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities 
  The Company discloses or recognizes its non-financial assets and liabilities, such as impairments, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. As   none   of the Company s non-financial assets and liabilities were measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , additional disclosures were not required. 
  The estimated fair value of the Company s asset retirement obligation at inception is determined by utilizing the income approach by applying a credit-adjusted risk-free rate, which takes into account the Company s credit risk, the time value of money, and the current economic state to the undiscounted expected abandonment cash flows. Given the unobservable nature of the inputs, the measurement of the asset retirement obligations was classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
  The estimated fair value of other financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged currently between willing parties. The carrying amount reported in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. Cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy and the remaining financial instruments are classified as Level 2. 
  The Company uses available market data and valuation methodologies to estimate the fair value of debt. The fair value of debt is the estimated amount the Company would have to pay a third party to assume the debt, including a credit spread for the difference between the issue rate and the period end market rate. The credit spread is the Company s default or repayment risk. The credit spread (premium or discount) is determined by comparing the Company s senior notes and revolving credit facility to new issuances (secured and unsecured) and secondary trades of similar size and credit statistics for both public and private debt. The fair value of all senior notes and the revolving credit facility is based on interest rates currently available to the Company. The Company s debt is valued using an income approach and classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying amount and fair value of debt is as follows: 

7. Asset Retirement Obligations 
  Activity related to the Company s asset retirement obligations is as follows: 

8. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Contractual Obligations  
  The Company has various contractual obligations in the normal course of its operations. There have been no material changes to the Company s contractual obligations described under  Transportation and Gathering Agreements,   Drilling Rig Commitments  and  Lease Commitments  as disclosed in   Note 9   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Form 10-K. 
  Legal Matters  
  The Company is a defendant in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. All known liabilities are accrued when management determines they are probable based on its best estimate of the potential loss. While the outcome and impact of these legal proceedings on the Company cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the resolution of these proceedings will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Contingency Reserves 
  When deemed necessary, the Company establishes reserves for certain legal proceedings. The establishment of a reserve is based on an estimation process that includes the advice of legal counsel and subjective judgment of management. While management believes these reserves to be adequate, it is reasonably possible that the Company could incur additional losses with respect to those matters in which reserves have been established. The Company believes that any such amount above the amounts accrued would not be material to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Future changes in facts and circumstances not currently foreseeable could result in the actual liability exceeding the estimated ranges of loss and amounts accrued. 
   
  9. Capital Stock 
  On   February 22, 2016  , the Company entered into an underwriting agreement, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of   44,000,000   shares of common stock at a price to the Company of   $19.675   per share. On   February 26, 2016  , the Company received   $865.7 million   in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. On   March 2, 2016  , the Company sold an additional   6,600,000   shares of common stock as a result of the exercise of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares and received   $129.9 million   in net proceeds. These net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repaying indebtedness under the Company s revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes and funding a portion of our capital program. 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

10. Stock-based Compensation 
  General 
  From time to time the Company grants certain stock-based compensation awards, including restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance share awards. Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) associated with these awards was   $5.1 million   and   $(2.9) million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $23.0 million   and   $11.6 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Stock-based compensation expense is included in general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company recorded a tax shortfall of   $2.1 million  , resulting in a reduction of the Company's windfall tax benefit that is recorded in additional paid in capital in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  There was   no   tax benefit recognized from stock-based compensation during the first   nine   months of   2015  . The tax shortfall is a result of book compensation cost for employee stock-based compensation exceeding the federal and state tax deductions for certain awards that vested during the period. The Company is able to recognize a tax benefit only to the extent it reduces the Company s income taxes payable.  
  Refer to   Note 13   of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Form 10-K for further description of the various types of stock-based compensation awards and the applicable award terms. 
  Restricted Stock Units 
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  ,   67,000   restricted stock units were granted to non-employee directors of the Company with a weighted-average grant date value of   $20.55   per unit. The fair value of these units is measured based on the closing stock price on grant date and compensation expense is recorded immediately. These units immediately vest and are issued when the director ceases to be a director of the Company. 
  Performance Share Awards  
  The performance period for the awards granted in   2016   commenced on   January 1, 2016   and ends on   December 31, 2018  . The Company used an annual forfeiture rate assumption ranging from   0%   to   6%   for purposes of recognizing stock-based compensation expense for its performance share awards.  
  Performance Share Awards Based on Internal Performance Metrics 
  The fair value of performance share award grants based on internal performance metrics is based on the closing stock price on the grant date. Each performance share award represents the right to receive up to   100%   of the award in shares of common stock. Based on the Company s probability assessment at   September 30, 2016  , it is considered probable that the criteria for all performance awards based on internal metrics awards will be met. 
  Employee Performance Share Awards.   During the first   nine   months of   2016  ,   435,990   Employee Performance Share Awards were granted at a grant date value of   $20.49   per share. The performance metrics are set by the Company s compensation committee and are based on the Company s average production, average finding costs and average reserve replacement over a   three  -year performance period.  
  Hybrid Performance Share Awards.   During the first   nine   months of   2016  ,   271,938   Hybrid Performance Share Awards were granted at a grant date value of   $20.49   per share.   The 2016 awards vest 25% on each of the first and second anniversary dates and 50% on the third anniversary  , provided that the Company has   $100 million   or more of operating cash flow for the year preceding the vesting date, as set by the Company s compensation committee. If the Company does not meet the performance metric for the applicable period, then the portion of the performance shares that would have been issued on that anniversary date will be forfeited. 
  Performance Share Awards Based on Market Conditions 
  These awards have both an equity and liability component, with the right to receive up to the first   100%   of the award in shares of common stock and the right to receive up to an additional   100%   of the value of the award in excess of the equity component in cash. The equity portion of these awards is valued on the grant date and is not marked to market, while the liability portion of the awards is valued as of the end of each reporting period on a mark-to-market basis. The Company calculates the fair value of the equity and liability portions of the awards using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

TSR Performance Share Awards.    During the first   nine   months of   2016  ,   407,907   TSR Performance Share Awards were granted and are earned, or not earned, based on the comparative performance of the Company s common stock measured against a predetermined group of companies in the Company s peer group over a   three  -year performance period. 
  The following assumptions were used to determine the grant date fair value of the equity component (February 17, 2016) and the period-end fair value of the liability component of the TSR Performance Share Awards: 

11. Earnings per Common Share 
  Basic earnings per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated except that the common shares outstanding for the period is increased using the treasury stock method to reflect the potential dilution that could occur if outstanding stock appreciation rights were exercised and stock awards were vested at the end of the applicable period. Anti-dilutive shares represent potentially dilutive securities that which are excluded from the computation of diluted income or loss per share as their impact would be anti-dilutive. 
  The following is a calculation of basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding: 

The following is a calculation of weighted-average shares excluded from diluted EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect: 

15 

Table of Contents  

12. Additional Balance Sheet Information 
  Certain balance sheet amounts are comprised of the following:   

16 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.         Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following review of operations for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes included in this Form 10-Q and with the Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis included in the Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (Form 10-K). 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  Financial and Operating Overview 
  Financial and operating results for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   are as follows:  
                
    Average realized natural gas price was   $1.62   per Mcf,   27%     lower   than the   $2.23   per Mcf realized in the comparable period of the prior year.  
                
    Average realized crude oil price was   $35.85   per Bbl,   25%     lower   than the   $48.00   per Bbl realized in the comparable period of the prior year.  
                 
    Total capital expenditures were   $262.1 million   compared to   $676.9 million   in the comparable period of the prior year. 
                
    Average rig count during 2016 was approximately 1.1 rigs in the Marcellus Shale and approximately 0.3 rigs in the Eagle Ford Shale, compared to an average rig count in the Marcellus Shale of approximately 3.7 rigs and approximately 2.1 rigs in the Eagle Ford Shale in   2015  . 
                
    In the first quarter of 2016, we completed a public offering of our common stock and received net proceeds of   $995.6 million  , after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions.  
                
    In the first   nine   months of   2016  , we received proceeds of   $49.1 million   primarily related to the divestiture of certain proved and unproved oil and gas properties in east Texas.  
      Market Conditions and Commodity Prices 
  Our financial results depend on many factors, particularly the price of natural gas and crude oil and our ability to market our production on economically attractive terms. Commodity prices are affected by many factors outside of our control, including changes in market supply and demand, which are impacted by pipeline capacity constraints, inventory storage levels, basis differentials, weather conditions and other factors. In addition, our realized prices are further impacted by our hedging activities. As a result, we cannot accurately predict future commodity prices and, therefore, we cannot determine with any degree of certainty what effect increases or decreases in these prices will have on our capital program, production volumes or revenues. Location differentials have increased in certain regions, such as in the Appalachian region, resulting in further declines in natural gas prices. We expect natural gas and crude oil prices to remain volatile. In addition to production volumes and commodity prices, finding and developing sufficient amounts of natural gas and crude oil reserves at economical costs are critical to our long-term success. For information about the impact of realized commodity prices on our natural gas and crude oil and condensate revenues, refer to  Results of Operations  below.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

We account for our derivative instruments on a mark-to-market basis with changes in fair value recognized in operating revenues in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. As a result of these mark-to-market adjustments associated with our derivative instruments, we will likely experience volatility in our earnings due to commodity price volatility. Refer to  Impact of Derivative Instruments on Operating Revenues  below and   Note 5   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
  Commodity prices have remained volatile but have improved during 2016 compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. In the event that commodity prices significantly decline, management would test the recoverability of the carrying value of its oil and gas properties and, if necessary, record an impairment charge. Following the $771.0 million and $114.9 million impairments recorded in the fourth quarter of 2014 and 2015, respectively, and the improvement in commodity prices since the fourth quarter of 2015, we do not believe that further impairment of our oil and gas properties is reasonably likely to occur in the near future; however, in the event that commodity prices significantly decline from current levels, additional impairments of our oil and gas properties may be required. 
  We believe that we are well-positioned to manage the challenges presented in the current commodity pricing environment, and that we can endure the current cyclical downturn in the oil and gas industry and the continued volatility in current and future commodity prices by: 
             
    Continuing to exercise discipline in our capital program by reducing our capital expenditures and number of wells drilled compared to the prior year.   
                
    Continuing to optimize our drilling, completion and operational efficiencies, resulting in lower operating costs per unit of production. 
                
    Continuing to manage our balance sheet, including the issuance of common stock in February 2016 which allowed us to pay down the outstanding balance under our revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes, leaving us with sufficient availability under our revolving credit facility and existing cash balances to meet our capital requirements and maintain compliance with our debt covenants. 
                
    Continuing to manage price risk by strategically hedging our natural gas and crude oil production. 
     Outlook 
  As a result of lower natural gas and crude oil prices expected in   2016  , we reduced our budgeted capital expenditures compared to   2015  . Our full year   2016   capital spending program includes approximately   $380.0 million   in capital expenditures related to our drilling and completion program and contributions of approximately   $30.0 million   to our equity method investments. All such expenditures are expected to be funded by existing cash, operating cash flow and if required, borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  
  In   2016  , we plan to drill approximately   42   gross wells (  40.0   net) compared to 142 gross wells (132.8 net) in   2015  . In   2016  , we plan to operate an average of approximately 1.4 rigs, a decrease from an average of approximately 5.4 rigs in   2015  . We allocate our planned program for capital expenditures among our various operating areas based on market conditions, return expectations, availability of services and human resources. We will continue to assess the natural gas and crude oil price environment along with our liquidity position and may increase or decrease our capital expenditures accordingly.  
   
  Financial Condition 
  Capital Resources and Liquidity 
  Our primary sources of cash for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were from funds generated from the sale of common stock, the sale of natural gas and crude oil production and proceeds from the sale of assets. These cash flows were primarily used to fund our capital expenditures (including contributions to our equity method investments), repayment of indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes, interest payments and payment of dividends. See below for additional discussion and analysis of cash flow. 
  In the first quarter of 2016, we sold an aggregate of   50.6 million   shares of common stock at a price of   $19.675   per share and received   $995.6 million   in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. These net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repaying indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes and funding a portion of our capital program. 
  The borrowing base under the terms of our revolving credit facility is redetermined annually in April. In addition, either we or the banks may request an interim redetermination twice a year or in connection with certain acquisitions or  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

divestitures of oil and gas properties. Effective   April 19, 2016  , our borrowing base was reduced from   $3.4 billion   to   $3.2 billion  . The maximum credit amount under the revolving credit facility remain unchanged at   $1.8 billion  ; however, the available commitments were reduced to   $1.6 billion   at the time of redetermination. We do not believe these reductions will have a significant impact on our ability to service our debt and fund our drilling program and related operations. 
  In May 2016, we repurchased   $64.0 million   principal amount of our 6.51% weighted-average senior notes for approximately   $68.3 million  . A   $4.7 million   extinguishment loss was recognized in the second quarter of 2016   associated with the premium paid and the write-off of a portion of the associated deferred financing costs due to early repayment  . As a result of the repurchase of these senior notes, the available commitments under the revolving credit facility increased to   $1.7 billion   and remained at that level as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  We strive to manage our debt at a level below the available credit line in order to maintain borrowing capacity. Our revolving credit facility includes a covenant limiting our total debt. We believe that, with the proceeds received from our equity offering in February 2016, internally generated cash flow and availability under our revolving credit facility, we have the capacity to finance our spending plans. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all restrictive financial covenants for both the revolving credit facility and senior notes. As of   September 30, 2016  , based on our asset coverage and leverage ratios, there were no interest rate adjustments required for our senior notes. See our Form 10-K for further discussion of our restrictive financial covenants. 
  Cash Flows 
    Our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities are as follows: 

Operating Activities  .    Operating cash flow fluctuations are substantially driven by commodity prices and changes in our production volumes and operating expenses. Prices for natural gas and crude oil have historically been volatile, primarily as a result of supply and demand for natural gas and crude oil, pipeline infrastructure constraints and seasonal influences. In addition, fluctuations in cash flow may result in an increase or decrease in our capital expenditures. See  Results of Operations  for a review of the impact of prices and volumes on revenues. 
  Our working capital is substantially influenced by the variables discussed above and fluctuates based on the timing and the amount of borrowings and repayments under our revolving credit facility, the timing of cash collections and payments on our trade accounts receivable and payable, respectively, the issuance of common stock and changes in the fair value of our commodity derivative activity. From time to time, our working capital will reflect a deficit, while at other times it will reflect a surplus. This fluctuation is not unusual. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had a working capital surplus (deficit) of   $458.9 million   and   $(90.8) million  , respectively. We believe we have adequate liquidity and availability under our revolving credit facility to meet our working capital requirements. 
  Net cash provided by operating activities in the first   nine   months of   2016     decrease  d by   $332.3 million   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . This   decrease   was primarily due to unfavorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities and   lower   operating revenues, partially offset by   lower   operating expenses (excluding non-cash expenses). The   decrease   in operating revenues was primarily due to a   decrease   in realized natural gas and crude oil prices, partially offset by an   increase   in equivalent production. Average realized natural gas and crude oil prices   decrease  d by   27%   and   25%  , respectively, for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . Equivalent production   increase  d by   3%   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   due to   higher   natural gas production in the Marcellus Shale, partially offset by   lower   oil production in the Eagle Ford Shale.  
  See  Results of Operations  for additional information relative to commodity price, production and operating expense fluctuations. We are unable to predict future commodity prices and, as a result, cannot provide any assurance about future levels of net cash provided by operating activities.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities  .   Cash flows used in investing activities   decrease  d by   $629.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . The   decrease   was due to   $591.1 million     lower   capital expenditures,   $41.7 million     higher   proceeds from the sale of assets, partially offset by   $3.4 million     higher   capital contributions associated with our equity method investments. 
  Financing Activities  .   Cash flows provided by financing activities   increase  d by   $215.7 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . This   increase   was primarily due to   $995.3 million   of net proceeds related to the issuance of common stock and   lower   capitalized debt issuance costs of   $4.6 million   related to the amendment of our revolving credit facility and senior notes in December 2015, partially offset by   $782.0 million   of   higher   net repayments of debt due to the repayment of the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes with the proceeds from the issuance of common stock and   $2.1 million   of   higher   dividend payments.  
  Capitalization 
  Information about our capitalization is as follows: 

Capital and Exploration Expenditures 
  On an annual basis, we generally fund most of our capital expenditures, excluding any significant property acquisitions, with cash generated from operations, and if required, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We budget these expenditures based on our projected cash flows for the year. In   2016  , our budgeted capital expenditures are expected to slightly exceed cash flows from operations, requiring us to fund a portion of our capital expenditures through cash on hand, and if required, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
  The following table presents major components of our capital and exploration expenditures: 

For the full year of   2016  , we plan to drill approximately   42   gross wells (  40.0   net). In   2016  , our drilling program includes approximately   $380.0 million   in total capital expenditures compared to $773.5 million in 2015. See  Financial and Operating Overview  for additional information regarding the current year drilling program. We will continue to assess the natural gas and crude oil price environment along with our liquidity position and may increase or decrease our capital expenditures accordingly.  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Contractual Obligations 
  We have various contractual obligations in the normal course of our operations. There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations described under  Transportation and Gathering Agreements,   Drilling Rig Commitments  and  Lease Commitments  as disclosed in   Note 9   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the obligations described under  Contractual Obligations  in Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Form 10-K. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. See our Form 10-K for further discussion of our critical accounting policies. 
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  Refer to Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,  Financial Statement Presentation,  for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect us. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Third Quarter  s of   2016   and   2015   Compared 
  We reported a net loss in the   third   quarter of   2016   of   $10.3 million  , or   $0.02   per share, compared to net loss of   $15.5 million  , or   $0.04   per share, in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The   decrease   in net loss was primarily due to   higher   operating revenues and   lower   operating expenses and interest expense, partially offset by   lower   income tax benefit. 
  Revenue, Price and Volume Variances 
  Our revenues vary from year to year as a result of changes in commodity prices and production volumes. Below is a discussion of revenue, price and volume variances. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Natural Gas Revenues 
    
  The   increase   in natural gas revenues of   $37.2 million   was due to   higher   production and natural gas prices. The increase in production was a result of our drilling and completion activities in Pennsylvania, partially offset by the divestiture of certain oil and gas properties in east Texas in February 2016. 
  Crude Oil and Condensate Revenues 
  The   decrease   in crude oil and condensate revenues of   $21.2 million   was due to   lower   production and crude oil prices. The   decrease   in production was a result of a decrease in drilling and completion activities in south Texas. 
  Impact of Derivative Instruments on Operating Revenues 

Brokered Natural Gas  

The   $0.3 million     decrease   in brokered natural gas margin is a result of a   decrease   in sales price and an   increase   in purchase price. The   decrease   was also impacted by   lower   brokered volumes.  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Operating and Other Expenses 

Total costs and expenses from operations   decrease  d by   $7.5 million  , or   2%  , in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the same period of   2015  . The primary reasons for this fluctuation are as follows: 
             
    Direct operations   decrease  d   $10.2 million   largely due to improved operational efficiencies, cost reductions from service providers and suppliers in   2016   compared to   2015   and the divestiture of certain oil and gas properties in east Texas in February 2016.  
                
    Transportation and gathering   increase  d   $3.6 million   due to higher throughput as a result of higher Marcellus Shale production and the commencement of various transportation and gathering agreements in the Marcellus Shale throughout 2015. 
                
    Brokered natural gas   decrease  d   $0.1 million  . See the preceding table titled    Brokered Natural Gas    for further analysis. 
                
    Taxes other than income   decrease  d   $2.6 million   primarily due to $2.0 million lower ad valorem taxes   as a result of lower property values primarily in south Texas   and $1.3 million lower production taxes resulting from   lower   crude oil prices and production in south Texas. The remaining changes in taxes other than income were not individually significant. 
                
    Exploration   decrease  d   $1.9 million   as a result of a $1.5 million reduction of estimated expenses associated with the release of certain drilling rig contracts in south Texas in the first quarter of 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, one of the rigs previously released was redeployed. The remaining changes in exploration expense were not individually significant. 
                
    Depreciation, depletion and amortization   decrease  d   $4.8 million  , primarily due to lower amortization of unproved properties of $5.7 million in the   third   quarter of   2016   as a result of lower lease acquisition costs and lower amortization rates. Offsetting the decrease in amortization of unproved properties was a $1.3 million increase in DD A, of which $7.8 million was due to higher equivalent production volumes partially offset by $6.5 million resulting from a lower DD A rate of $0.85 per Mcfe for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to $0.89 per Mcfe for the   third   quarter of   2015  . The lower DD A rate was primarily due to lower cost reserve additions and the impairment charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 associated with higher DD A rate fields.  
                
    General and administrative   increase  d   $8.7 million   due to $8.0 million of higher stock-based compensation expense associated with certain of our market-based performance awards and $2.0 million higher professional services. The remaining changes in other general and administrative expenses were not individually significant. 
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets 
  An aggregate gain of   $3.8 million   was recognized in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to the sale of certain of our oil and gas properties in east Texas. There were no individually significant gains or losses on the sale of assets recognized in the   third   quarter of   2016  .  
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense   decrease  d   $3.0 million   due to lower interest charges of $2.1 million associated with the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility in March 2016, which remained undrawn through September 30, 2016. Interest expense also decreased $1.1 million as a result of the repurchase of a portion of our 6.51% weighted-average senior notes in May 2016. These decreases were offset by a $0.4 million increase in commitment fees as a result of an increase in the unused portion of the commitments under our revolving credit facility.  
  Income Tax Expense (Benefit)  
  Income tax benefit   decrease  d   $2.0 million   primarily due to a   lower   pretax loss, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. The effective tax rates for the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015   were   43.9%   and   39.2%  , respectively. The   increase   in the effective tax rate is primarily due to an increase in the blended state statutory tax rate as a result of changes in our state apportionment factors in the states in which we operate. 
  First   Nine   Months of   2016   and   2015   Compared 
  We reported a net loss in the first   nine   months of   2016   of   $124.4 million  , or   $0.27   per share, compared to net loss of   $2.8   million, or   $0.01   per share, in the first   nine   months of   2015  . The   increase   in net loss was primarily due to   lower   operating revenues, partially offset by   lower   operating expenses and interest expense and a higher income tax benefit. 
  Revenue, Price and Volume Variances 
  Our revenues vary from year to year as a result of changes in commodity prices and production volumes. Below is a discussion of revenue, price and volume variances. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

Natural Gas Revenues 
  The   decrease   in natural gas revenues of   $97.0 million   was due to   lower   natural gas prices, partially offset by   higher   production. The increase in production was a result of our drilling and completion activities in Pennsylvania, partially offset by the divestiture of certain oil and gas properties in east Texas in February 2016. 
  Crude Oil and Condensate Revenues 
  The   decrease   in crude oil and condensate revenues of   $88.2 million   was due to   lower   production and crude oil prices. The   decrease   in production was   a result of a decrease in drilling and completion activities in south Texas. 
  Impact of Derivative Instruments on Operating Revenues 

Brokered Natural Gas 

The   $1.1 million     decrease   in brokered natural gas margin is a result of a   decrease   in sales price that outpaced the   decrease   in purchase price and   lower   brokered volumes. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Operating and Other Expenses 

Total costs and expenses from operations   decrease  d by   $55.7 million  , or   5%  , in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period of   2015  . The primary reasons for this fluctuation are as follows: 
             
    Direct operations   decrease  d   $29.8 million   largely due to improved operational efficiencies, cost reductions from service providers and suppliers in 2016 compared to 2015 and the divestiture of certain oil and gas properties in east Texas in February 2016.   
                
    Transportation and gathering   increase  d   $1.2 million   due to   higher   throughput as a result of   higher   Marcellus Shale production and the commencement of various transportation and gathering agreements in the Marcellus Shale throughout 2015. 
                
    Brokered natural gas   decrease  d   $2.1 million  . See the preceding table titled    Brokered Natural Gas    for further analysis. 
                
    Taxes other than income   decrease  d   $10.6 million   due to $6.6 million lower production taxes primarily resulting from lower crude oil prices and production in south Texas and the receipt of a production tax refund of $1.9 million in February 2016. Additionally, drilling impact fees decreased $2.3 million as a result of drilling fewer wells in Pennsylvania during   2016   compared to   2015   and ad valorem taxes decreased $1.7 million   as a result of lower property values primarily in south Texas  . The remaining changes in taxes other than income were not individually significant. 
                
    Exploration   decrease  d   $5.9 million   as a result of charges related to the release of certain drilling rig contracts in south Texas and $2.4 million lower geophysical and geological costs and other exploration expenses. In the first   nine   months of 2016, we recorded rig termination charges of   $1.7 million  , compared to   $5.1 million   in the first   nine   months of 2015.  
                
    Depreciation, depletion and amortization   decrease  d   $23.4 million  , of which $28.5 million was due to a lower DD A rate of $0.89 per Mcfe for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to $0.96 per Mcfe for the first   nine   months of   2015  , partially offset by an $11.0 million increase due to   higher   equivalent production volumes. The lower DD A rate was primarily due to lower cost reserve additions and the impairment charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 associated with higher DD A rate fields. In addition, amortization of unproved properties decreased $5.5 million in the first   nine   months of   2016   as a result of lower lease acquisition costs and lower amortization rates. 
                
    General and administrative   increase  d   $14.8 million   due to higher stock-based compensation expense of $11.4 million primarily due to an increase in the Company's stock price during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared  
     
   26 

     Table of Contents  

to the first   nine   months of   2015  , $5.1 million higher legal expenses and $1.8 million higher professional services. These increases were offset by a $2.9 million decrease in employee-related expenses. The remaining changes in other general and administrative expenses were not individually significant. 
  Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
  A   $4.7 million   extinguishment   loss   was recognized in the second quarter of   2016   related to the premium paid for the repurchase of a portion of the our 6.51% weighted-average senior notes in May 2016 and the write-off of a portion of the associated deferred financing costs due to early repayment.  
  Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets 
  An aggregate gain of   $3.8 million   was recognized in the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to the sale of certain of our oil and gas properties in east Texas. There were no individually significant gains or losses on the sale of assets recognized during the first   nine   months of   2016  .  
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense   decrease  d   $4.4 million   due to a $3.2 million decrease resulting from the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility in March 2016, which remained undrawn through September 30, 2016. Interest expense also decreased $1.7 million resulting from the repurchase of a portion of our 6.51% weighted-average senior notes in May 2016. These decreases were offset by a $0.7 million increase in commitment fees as a result of an increase in the unused portion of the commitments under our revolving credit facility.  
  Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
  Income tax benefit   increase  d   $69.1 million   due to a   higher   pretax loss, partially offset by a   lower   effective tax rate. The effective tax rates for the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015   were   36.4%   and   43.9%  , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the impact of non-recurring discrete items recorded during the first   nine   months of   2016   versus the first   nine   months of   2015  . 
   
  Forward-Looking Information 
  The statements regarding future financial and operating performance and results, strategic pursuits and goals, market prices, future hedging and risk management activities, and other statements that are not historical facts contained in this report are forward-looking statements. The words  expect,   project,   estimate,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   budget,   plan,   forecast,   predict,   may,   should,   could,   will  and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, market factors, market prices (including geographic basis differentials) of natural gas and crude oil, results of future drilling and marketing activity, future production and costs, legislative and regulatory initiatives, electronic, cyber or physical security breaches and other factors detailed herein and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. See  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the Form 10-K for additional information about these risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. 
   
  ITEM 3.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Market Risk 
  Our primary market risk is exposure to natural gas and crude oil prices. Realized prices are mainly driven by worldwide prices for crude oil and spot market prices for North American natural gas production. Commodity prices are volatile and unpredictable. 
  Derivative Instruments and Risk Management Activities 
  Our risk management strategy is designed to reduce the risk of price volatility for our production in the natural gas and crude oil markets through the use of commodity derivatives. A committee that consists of members of senior management oversees our hedging activities. Our commodity derivatives generally cover a portion of our production and provide only partial price protection by limiting the benefit to us of increases in prices, while protecting us in the event of price declines. Further, if any of our counterparties defaulted, this protection might be limited as we might not receive the full benefit of our commodity derivatives. Please read the discussion below as well as   Note 6   of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of our derivative and risk management activities. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Periodically, we enter into commodity derivatives, including collar and swap agreements, to protect against exposure to price declines related to our natural gas and crude oil production. Our credit agreement restricts our ability to enter into commodity derivatives other than to hedge or mitigate risks to which we have actual or projected exposure or as permitted under our risk management policies and not subjecting us to material speculative risks. All of our derivatives are used for risk management purposes and are not held for trading purposes. Under the collar agreements, if the index price rises above the ceiling price, we pay the counterparty. If the index price falls below the floor price, the counterparty pays us. Under the swap agreements, we receive a fixed price on a notional quantity of natural gas or crude oil in exchange for paying a variable price based on a market-based index, such as the NYMEX gas and crude oil futures. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following outstanding commodity derivatives: 

In the table above, natural gas prices are stated per Mcf and crude oil prices are stated per barrel. 
  The amounts set forth in the table above represent our derivative position at   September 30, 2016   and exclude the impact of non-performance risk. Non-performance risk is considered in the fair value of our derivative instruments that are recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and is primarily evaluated by reviewing credit default swap spreads for the various financial institutions in which we have derivative transactions, while our non-performance risk is evaluated using a market credit spread provided by one of our banks. 
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , natural gas swaps covered   44.4   Mcf, or   10%  , of natural gas production at an average price of   $2.51   per Mcf. Crude oil collars with floor prices of   $38.00   per Bbl and ceiling prices ranging from   $47.10   to   $47.50   per Bbl covered   0.9   Mmbbl, or   29%  , of crude oil production at an average price of   $45.01   per Bbl.  
  We are exposed to market risk on commodity derivative instruments to the extent of changes in market prices of natural gas and crude oil. However, the market risk exposure on these derivative contracts is generally offset by the gain or loss recognized upon the ultimate sale of the commodity. Although notional contract amounts are used to express the volume of natural gas agreements, the amounts that can be subject to credit risk in the event of non-performance by third parties are substantially smaller. Our counterparties are primarily commercial banks and financial service institutions that management believes present minimal credit risk and our derivative contracts are with multiple counterparties to minimize our exposure to any individual counterparty. We perform both quantitative and qualitative assessments of these counterparties based on their credit ratings and credit default swap rates where applicable. We have not incurred any losses related to non-performance risk of our counterparties and we do not anticipate any material impact on our financial results due to non-performance by third parties. However, we cannot be certain that we will not experience such losses in the future.  
  The preceding paragraphs contain forward-looking information concerning future production and projected gains and losses, which may be impacted both by production and by changes in the future commodity prices. See  Forward-Looking Information  for further details. 
  Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
  The estimated fair value of other financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged currently between willing parties. The carrying amount reported in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.  
  We use available market data and valuation methodologies to estimate the fair value of debt. The fair value of debt is the estimated amount we would have to pay a third party to assume the debt, including a credit spread for the difference between the issue rate and the period end market rate. The credit spread is our default or repayment risk. The credit spread (premium or discount) is determined by comparing our senior notes and revolving credit facility to new issuances (secured and unsecured) and secondary trades of similar size and credit statistics for both public and private debt. The fair value of all senior notes and the revolving credit facility is based on interest rates currently available to us.  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying amount and fair value of debt is as follows: 

ITEM 4.        Controls and Procedures 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective, in all material respects, with respect to the recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, of information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act. 
  There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the   third   quarter of   2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially effect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.          Legal Proceedings 
  Legal Matters 
  The information set forth under the heading  Legal Matters  in   Note 8   of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this quarterly report is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 
  Environmental Matters 
  On November 12, 2015, we received a proposed Consent Order and Agreement from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PaDEP) relating to gas migration allegations in an area surrounding several wells owned and operated by us in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. The allegations relating to these wells were initially raised by residents in the area     in August 2011. We received a Notice of Violation from the PaDEP     in September 2011 for failure to prevent the migration of gas into fresh groundwater sources in the area surrounding these wells. Since then, we have been engaged with the PaDEP in investigating the incident and have performed appropriate remediation efforts, including the provision of alternative sources of drinking water to affected residents. We believe the source of methane has been remediated and are working with the PaDEP to reach agreement on the disposition of this matter. The proposed Consent Order and Agreement is the culmination of this effort and  ,   if finalized  ,   would result in the payment of a civil monetary penalty in an amount likely to exceed $100,000, up to approximately $300,000. We will continue to work with the PaDEP to finalize the Consent Order and Agreement and bring this matter to a close. 
  From time to time we receive notices of violation from governmental and regulatory authorities in areas in which we operate relating to alleged violations of environmental statutes or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. While we cannot predict with certainty whether these notices of violation will result in fines and/or penalties, if fines and/or penalties are imposed, they may result in monetary sanctions individually or in the aggregate in excess of $100,000. 
   
  ITEM 1A.        Risk Factors 
  For additional information about the risk factors that affect us, see Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

29 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  Our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program under which we may purchase shares of common stock in the open market or in negotiated transactions. There is no expiration date associated with the authorization. The maximum number of remaining shares that may be purchased under the plan as of   September 30, 2016   was   10.1 million   shares. 
   
  ITEM 6.        Exhibits 
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

3.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation (Form 8-K dated July 29, 2016). 

31.1 
      
    302 Certification   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
      
    302 Certification   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
      
    906 Certification. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

30 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                     
    CABOT OIL   GAS CORPORATION 
        
    (Registrant) 

October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ DAN O. DINGES 

Dan O. Dinges 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ SCOTT C. SCHROEDER 

Scott C. Schroeder 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer) 

October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ TODD M. ROEMER 

Todd M. Roemer 

Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cog9302016ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  I, Dan O. Dinges, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 28, 2016    
                   
    /s/ DAN O. DINGES 
        
    Dan O. Dinges 
        
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cog9302016ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  I, Scott C. Schroeder, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 28, 2016    
                   
    /s/ SCOTT C. SCHROEDER 
        
    Scott C. Schroeder 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cog9302016ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
    
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) (the  Act ), each of the undersigned, Dan O. Dinges, Chief Executive Officer of Cabot Oil   Gas Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Scott C. Schroeder, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to his knowledge: 

(2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Dated:   October 28, 2016    

/s/ DAN O. DINGES 
        
    Dan O. Dinges 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ SCOTT C. SCHROEDER 
        
    Scott C. Schroeder 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cog-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cog-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cog-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cog-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cog-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cog-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

