<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1392091_0001392091-16-000192_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8123978</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>402666</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>362317</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3335241</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2801894</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1017499</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001392091-16-000192.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102165417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001392091-16-000192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392091
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PIPE LINES (NO NATURAL GAS) [4610]
		IRS NUMBER:				208536826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0914

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33503
		FILM NUMBER:		161968730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 NW 10TH, SUITE 200
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(405) 278-6400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 NW 10TH, SUITE 200
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SemGroup Energy Partners, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001392091-16-000192.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 bkep-09x30x16x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR  

For the transition period from __________ to _________ 
    
  Commission File Number 001-33503 
    
  BLUEKNIGHT ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      x      No     o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     x     No     o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer          o 
      
    Accelerated filer        x    

Non-accelerated filer          o     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company          o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    o    No   x    
     
  As of   October 28, 2016  , there were   35,125,202   Series A Preferred Units and   37,993,177   common units outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
       PART I  
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    1 
       Item 1.  
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    1 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 
    1 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 
    2 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners  Capital for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    3 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 
    4 
        
    Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    5 
       Item 2.  
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    21 
       Item 3.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    34 
       Item 4.  
    Controls and Procedures 
    35 

PART II  
    OTHER INFORMATION 
    35 
       Item 1.  
    Legal Proceedings 
    35 
       Item 1A.  
    Risk Factors 
    35 
       Item 5.  
    Other Information 
    35 
       Item 6.  
    Exhibits 
    37 

i 

PART I.    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this unaudited condensed consolidated financial statement. 
  
   3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  
   4 

BLUEKNIGHT ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.    ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 
    
  Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. and subsidiaries (collectively, the  Partnership ) is a publicly traded master limited partnership with operations in   twenty-seven   states. The Partnership provides integrated terminalling, storage, processing, gathering, transportation and marketing services for companies engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of crude oil and asphalt products. The Partnership manages its operations through   four   operating segments: (i) asphalt terminalling services, (ii) crude oil terminalling and storage services, (iii) crude oil pipeline services and (iv) crude oil trucking and producer field services. The Partnership s common units and preferred units, which represent limited partnership interests in the Partnership, are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbols  BKEP  and  BKEPP,  respectively.  The Partnership was formed in   February     2007   as a Delaware master limited partnership initially to own, operate and develop a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets. 
    
  On July 19, 2016, the Partnership announced that Ergon, Inc. (together with its affiliates,  Ergon ) agreed to purchase   100%   of the outstanding voting stock of Blueknight GP Holding, L.L.C., which owns   100%   of the capital stock of Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C. (the  General Partner ), pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2016 among CB-Blueknight, LLC ( CBB ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Charlesbank, Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. ( BEHI ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Vitol, and Ergon Asphalt Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ergon.  This transaction was consummated on October 5, 2016.  See    Note 17    for further description of the Ergon transactions. 

2.    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION AND PRESENTATION 
    
  The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  The condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the condensed consolidated statement of changes in partners  capital for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , and the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , are unaudited.  In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and include all adjustments necessary to state fairly the financial position and results of operations for the respective interim periods.  All adjustments are of a recurring nature unless otherwise disclosed herein.  The 2015 year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Partnership s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on   March 9, 2016   (the  2015 Form 10-K ).  Interim financial results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for an annual period.  The Partnership s significant accounting policies are consistent with those disclosed in    Note 3    of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in its 2015 Form 10-K.  
    
  The Partnership s investment in Advantage Pipeline, L.L.C. ( Advantage Pipeline ), over which the Partnership has significant influence but not control, is accounted for by the equity method. The Partnership does not consolidate any part of the assets or liabilities of its equity investee. The Partnership s share of net income or loss is reflected as one line item on the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations entitled  Equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliate  and will increase or decrease, as applicable, the carrying value of the Partnership s  Investment in unconsolidated affiliate  on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Distributions to the Partnership reduce the carrying value of its investment and are reflected in the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows in the line item  Distributions from unconsolidated affiliate.  Contributions will increase the carrying value of the Partnership s investment and will be reflected in the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows in investing activities.  

3.     RESTRUCTURING CHARGES 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Partnership recognized certain restructuring charges in our crude oil trucking and producer field services segment pursuant to an approved plan to exit the trucking market in West Texas.  

5 

Changes in the accrued amounts pertaining to the restructuring charges are summarized as follows: 

The remaining accrual relates to lease payments that will be paid over the remaining lease terms, which extend through July 2019. 

4.    EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT 
    
  The Partnership s investment in Advantage Pipeline, over which the Partnership has significant influence but not control, is accounted for by the equity method.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership s investment represents a   30%   ownership interest in Advantage Pipeline. 
  Summarized financial information for Advantage Pipeline is set forth in the tables below for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

6 

5.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Depreciation expense for the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $6.7 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively, and depreciation expense for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $20.1 million   and   $21.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  The Partnership recorded   no   asset impairment expense for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  . For the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the Partnership recorded asset impairment expense of   $22.8 million  .  The year-to-date impairment is primarily due to an impairment recognized on the Knight Warrior pipeline project, a previously announced East Texas Eaglebine/Woodbine crude oil pipeline project.  The Knight Warrior pipeline project was canceled due to continued low rig counts in the Eaglebine/Woodbine area coupled with lower production volumes, competing projects and the overall impact of the decreased market price of crude oil.  Consequently, shipper commitments related to the project have been canceled. In connection with the cancellation of the shipper commitments, the Partnership evaluated the Knight Warrior project for impairment and recognized an impairment expense of   $22.6 million   during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 

6.    DEBT 
    
  On June 28, 2013, the Partnership entered into an amended and restated credit agreement that consists of a   $400.0 million   revolving loan facility.  On September 15, 2014, the Partnership amended its credit facility to, among other things, amend the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio and to increase the limit on material project adjustments to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement). On July 19, 2016, the Partnership entered into a second amendment to the credit agreement which, among other things, amended the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio as discussed below. 
    
  As of   October 28, 2016  , approximately   $315.0 million   of revolver borrowings and   $1.4 million   of letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility, leaving the Partnership with approximately   $83.6 million   available capacity for additional revolver borrowings and letters of credit under the credit facility, although the Partnership s ability to borrow such funds may be limited by the financial covenants in the credit facility. The proceeds of loans made under the amended and restated credit agreement may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Partnership.  All references herein to the credit agreement on or after June 28, 2013, refer to the second amended and restated credit agreement, as amended on July 19, 2016. 
    
  The credit agreement is guaranteed by all of the Partnership s existing subsidiaries. Obligations under the credit agreement are secured by first priority liens on substantially all of the Partnership s assets and those of the guarantors. 
    
  The credit agreement includes procedures for additional financial institutions to become revolving lenders, or for any existing lender to increase its revolving commitment thereunder, subject to an aggregate maximum of   $500.0 million   for all revolving loan commitments under the credit agreement. 
    
  The credit agreement will mature on   June 28, 2018  , and all amounts outstanding under the credit agreement will become due and payable on such date.  The Partnership may prepay all loans under the credit agreement at any time without premium  
  
   7 

or penalty (other than customary LIBOR breakage costs), subject to certain notice requirements. The credit agreement requires mandatory prepayments of amounts outstanding thereunder with the net proceeds of certain asset sales, property or casualty insurance claims, and condemnation proceedings, unless the Partnership reinvests such proceeds in accordance with the credit agreement, but these mandatory prepayments will not require any reduction of the lenders  commitments under the credit agreement. 
    
  Borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest, at the Partnership s option, at either the reserve-adjusted eurodollar rate (as defined in the credit agreement) plus an applicable margin that ranges from   2.0%   to   3.0%   or the alternate base rate (the highest of the agent bank s prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus   0.5%  , and the 30-day eurodollar rate plus   1.0%  ) plus an applicable margin that ranges from   1.0%   to   2.0%  .  The Partnership pays a per annum fee on all letters of credit issued under the credit agreement, which fee equals the applicable margin for loans accruing interest based on the eurodollar rate, and the Partnership pays a commitment fee ranging from   0.375%   to   0.5%   on the unused commitments under the credit agreement.  The credit agreement does not have a floor for the alternate base rate or the eurodollar rate. The applicable margins for the Partnership s interest rate, the letter of credit fee and the commitment fee vary quarterly based on the Partnership s consolidated total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement, being generally computed as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other non-cash charges). 
    
  The credit agreement includes financial covenants that are tested on a quarterly basis, based on the rolling four-quarter period that ends on the last day of each fiscal quarter. 
    
  Prior to the date on which the Partnership issues qualified senior notes in an aggregate principal amount (when combined with all other qualified senior notes previously or concurrently issued) that equals or exceeds   $200.0 million   , the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio is   5.00   to 1.00; provided that: 
             
    the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio is   5.00   to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, and   4.75   to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter; provided that the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be   5.25   to 1.00 for certain quarters based on the occurrence of a specified acquisition (as defined in the Partnership s credit agreement, but generally being an acquisition for which the aggregate consideration is   $15.0 million   or more, which will include the acquisition of the nine asphalt terminals from Ergon); and 
       
         From and after the date on which the Partnership issues qualified senior notes in an aggregate principal amount (when combined with all other qualified senior notes previously or concurrently issued) that equals or exceeds   $200.0 million  , the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio is   5.00   to 1.00; provided that from and after the fiscal quarter ending immediately preceding the fiscal quarter in which a specified acquisition occurs to and including the last day of the second full fiscal quarter following the fiscal quarter in which such acquisition occurred, the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be   5.50   to 1.00. 
    
  The maximum permitted consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement, but generally computed as the ratio of consolidated total secured debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other non-cash charges) is   3.50   to 1.00, but this covenant is only tested from and after the date on which the Partnership issues qualified senior notes in an aggregate principal amount (when combined with all other qualified senior notes previously or concurrently issued) that equals or exceeds   $200.0 million  . 
    
  The minimum permitted consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement, but generally computed as the ratio of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other non-cash charges to consolidated interest expense) is   2.50   to 1.00. 
  Furthermore, the credit agreement: 
             
    requires the Partnership and its subsidiaries execute certain account control agreements; 
                
    requires that, to the extent (i) the Partnership s consolidated total leverage ratio as of the end of the prior fiscal quarter was greater than   4.75   to 1.00 and (ii) the Partnership and its subsidiaries have cash and cash equivalents (subject to certain exceptions) exceeding   $20.0 million   for four consecutive business days, the Partnership prepay the Partnership s outstanding obligations under the Partnership s credit agreement in the amount of such excess; and 
                
    restricts the Partnership from borrowing funds under the Partnership s credit agreement if, after giving effect to such borrowing and the prompt use of the proceeds thereof, the Partnership and its subsidiaries would have cash and cash equivalents (subject to certain exceptions) exceeding   $20.0 million  . 
     
   8 

In addition, the credit agreement contains various covenants that, among other restrictions, limit the Partnership s ability to:  
             
    create, issue, incur or assume indebtedness; 
                
    create, incur or assume liens;  
                
    engage in mergers or acquisitions; 
                
    sell, transfer, assign or convey assets;  
                
    repurchase the Partnership s equity, make distributions to unitholders and make certain other restricted payments; 
                
    make investments; 
                
    modify the terms of certain indebtedness, or prepay certain indebtedness; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates;  
                
    enter into certain hedging contracts; 
                
    enter into certain burdensome agreements; 
                
    change the nature of the Partnership s business; 
                
    enter into operating leases; and 
                
    make certain amendments to the Partnership s partnership agreement. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership s consolidated total leverage ratio was   3.94   to 1.00 and the consolidated interest coverage ratio was   5.51   to 1.00.  The Partnership was in compliance with all covenants of its credit agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The credit agreement permits the Partnership to make quarterly distributions of available cash (as defined in the Partnership s partnership agreement) to unitholders so long as no default or event of default exists under the credit agreement on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such distribution. The Partnership is currently allowed to make distributions to its unitholders in accordance with this covenant; however, the Partnership will only make distributions to the extent it has sufficient cash from operations after establishment of cash reserves as determined by the Board of Directors (the  Board ) of the General Partner in accordance with the Partnership s cash distribution policy, including the establishment of any reserves for the proper conduct of the Partnership s business.  See    Note 8    for additional information regarding distributions. 
    
  In addition to other customary events of default, the credit agreement includes an event of default if (i) the General Partner ceases to own   100%   of the Partnership s general partner interest or ceases to control the Partnership or (ii) Ergon ceases to own and control   50.0%   or more of the membership interests of the General Partner. 
    
  If an event of default relating to bankruptcy or other insolvency events occurs with respect to the General Partner or the Partnership, all indebtedness under the credit agreement will immediately become due and payable.  If any other event of default exists under the credit agreement, the lenders may accelerate the maturity of the obligations outstanding under the credit agreement and exercise other rights and remedies.  In addition, if any event of default exists under the credit agreement, the lenders may commence foreclosure or other actions against the collateral. 
    
  If any default occurs under the credit agreement, or if the Partnership is unable to make any of the representations and warranties in the credit agreement, the Partnership will be unable to borrow funds or to have letters of credit issued under the credit agreement.  
    
  The Partnership capitalized   no   debt issuance costs during either of the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  . The Partnership capitalized   $0.9 million   and   $1.0 million   of debt issuance costs during the   three and nine months ended September 30,      2016  , respectively. Debt issuance costs are being amortized over the term of the amended and restated credit agreement.  Interest expense related to debt issuance cost amortization for the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $0.2 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively.  Interest expense related to debt issuance cost amortization for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $0.7 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively. 
     
  During the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the weighted average interest rate under the Partnership s credit agreement was   3.31%   and   4.27%  , respectively, resulting in interest expense of approximately   $2.0 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the weighted average interest rate under the Partnership s credit agreement was   3.37%   and   3.92%  , respectively, resulting in interest expense of approximately   $5.9 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , borrowings under the Partnership s amended and restated credit agreement bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of   4.35%  .   

9 

During the   three months ended September 30,     2015  , the Partnership capitalized interest of less than   $0.1 million  . The Partnership capitalized   no   interest during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  . During the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership capitalized interest of   $0.2 million   and less than   $0.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  The Partnership is exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates related to its credit facility. Interest rate swap agreements are used to manage a portion of the exposure related to changing interest rates by converting floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. In March 2014, the Partnership entered into two interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of   $200.0 million  .  The first agreement has a notional amount of   $100.0 million  , became effective June 28, 2014, and matures on June 28, 2018. Under the terms of the first interest rate swap agreement, the Partnership pays a fixed rate of   1.45%   and receives one-month LIBOR with monthly settlement.  The second agreement has a notional amount of   $100.0 million  , became effective January 28, 2015, and matures on January 28, 2019.  Under the terms of the second interest rate swap agreement, the Partnership pays a fixed rate of   1.97%   and receives one-month LIBOR with monthly settlement. During the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership recorded swap interest expense of   $0.8 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership recorded swap interest expense of   $2.2 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively. The fair market value of the interest rate swaps at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   is a liability of   $3.1 million   and   $4.0 million  , respectively, and is recorded in long-term interest rate swap liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The interest rate swaps do not receive hedge accounting treatment under   ASC 815 - Derivatives and Hedging  . Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

7.    NET INCOME PER LIMITED PARTNER UNIT 
    
  For purposes of calculating earnings per unit, the excess of distributions over earnings or excess of earnings over distributions for each period are allocated to the Partnership s General Partner based on the General Partner s ownership interest at the time. The following sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per common unit (in thousands, except per unit data):  

8.    PARTNERS  CAPITAL AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
    
  On July 26, 2016, the Partnership issued and sold   3,795,000   common units for a public offering price of   $5.90   per unit, resulting in proceeds of approximately   $21.2 million  , net of underwriters  discount and offering expenses of   $1.4 million  . 
    
  On   October 20, 2016  , the Board approved a distribution of   $0.17875   per preferred unit, or a total distribution of   $6.3 million  , for the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  .  The Partnership will pay this distribution on the preferred units on   November 14, 2016  , to unitholders of record as of   November 4, 2016  . 
    
   In addition, on   October 20, 2016  , the Board declared a cash distribution of   $0.1450   per unit on its outstanding common units.  The distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016  , to unitholders of record on   November 4, 2016  .  The distribution is for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  .  The total distribution will be approximately   $6.0 million  , with approximately  
  
   10 

$5.5 million   and   $0.4 million   to be paid to the Partnership s common unitholders and general partner, respectively, and   $0.1 million   to be paid to holders of phantom and restricted units pursuant to awards granted under the Partnership s long-term incentive plan. 

9.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
    
  The Partnership provides crude oil gathering, transportation, terminalling and storage services to Vitol Holding B.V. ( Vitol ). For the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership recognized revenues of   $10.5 million   and   $5.4 million  , respectively, for services provided to Vitol. For the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership recognized revenues of   $30.3 million   and   $17.6 million  , respectively, for services provided to Vitol. As of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had receivables from Vitol of   $1.8 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. As of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had unearned revenues from Vitol of   $0.8 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively.  As a result of the change of control of the Partnership s General Partner, Vitol is no longer a related party as of October 5, 2016.  See    Note 17    for further description of the Ergon transactions.  
    
  The Partnership also provides operating and administrative services to Advantage Pipeline. For the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership earned revenues of   $0.4 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, for services provided to Advantage Pipeline. For each of the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , the Partnership earned revenues of   $1.0 million   for services provided to Advantage Pipeline. As of both   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had receivables from Advantage Pipeline of   $0.1 million  .  

10.    LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
    
  In July 2007, the General Partner adopted the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ). The compensation committee of the Board administers the LTIP.  Effective April 29, 2014, the Partnership s unitholders approved an amendment to the LTIP to increase the number of common units reserved for issuance under the incentive plan by   1,500,000   common units from   2,600,000   common units to   4,100,000   common units.  The common units are deliverable upon vesting.  Although other types of awards are contemplated under the LTIP, currently outstanding awards include  phantom  units, which convey the right to receive common units upon vesting, and  restricted  units, which are grants of common units restricted until the time of vesting. Certain of the phantom unit awards also include distribution equivalent rights ( DERs ). 
    
  Subject to applicable earning criteria, a DER entitles the grantee to a cash payment equal to the cash distribution paid on an outstanding common unit prior to the vesting date of the underlying award. Recipients of restricted units are entitled to receive cash distributions paid on common units during the vesting period which distributions are reflected initially as a reduction of partners  capital. Distributions paid on units which ultimately do not vest are reclassified as compensation expense.  Awards granted to date are equity awards and, accordingly, the fair value of the awards as of the grant date is expensed over the vesting period.   
    
  In connection with each anniversary of joining the Board, restricted common units are granted to the independent directors. The units vest in one-third increments over   three   years. The following table includes information on grants made to the directors under the LTIP: 

_________________ 
  (1)    Fair value is the closing market price on the grant date of the awards. 
    
  The Partnership also grants phantom units to employees. These grants are equity awards under   ASC 718   Stock Compensation  , and, accordingly, the fair value of the awards as of the grant date is expensed over the vesting period. The following table includes information on the outstanding grants: 
  
   11 

_________________ 
  (1)    Fair value is the closing market price on the grant date of the awards. 
    
  The unrecognized estimated compensation cost of outstanding phantom units at   September 30, 2016   was   $2.3 million  , which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period.  
    
  In   September 2012  , Mr. Mark Hurley was granted   500,000   phantom units under the LTIP upon his employment as the Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner.  These grants are equity awards under   ASC 718   Stock Compensation  , and, accordingly, the fair value of the awards as of the grant date is expensed over the vesting period.  These units vest ratably over   five   years pursuant to the Employee Phantom Unit Agreement between Mr. Hurley and the General Partner and do not include DERs.  The weighted average grant date fair value for the units of   $5.62   was determined based on the closing market price of the Partnership s common units on the grant date of the award, less the present value of the estimated distributions to be paid to holders of an outstanding common unit prior to the vesting of the underlying award.  The value of this award grant was approximately   $2.8 million   on the grant date, and the unrecognized estimated compensation cost at   September 30, 2016   was   $0.5 million   and will be expensed over the remaining vesting period. 
    
  The Partnership s equity-based incentive compensation expense for each of the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $0.7 million  . The Partnership s equity-based incentive compensation expense for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016   was   $1.9 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively. 
    
  Activity pertaining to phantom common units and restricted common unit awards granted under the Plan is as follows:  

11.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  Under the Partnership s 401(k) Plan, which was instituted in   2009  , employees who meet specified service requirements may contribute a percentage of their total compensation, up to a specified maximum, to the 401(k) Plan. The Partnership may match each employee s contribution, up to a specified maximum, in full or on a partial basis. The Partnership recognized expense of   $0.4 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, for the   three months ended September 30,      2015   and   2016  , for discretionary contributions under the 401(k) Plan. The Partnership recognized expense of   $1.2 million   and   $0.9 million  , respectively, for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , for discretionary contributions under the 401(k) Plan.  
    
  The Partnership may also make annual lump-sum contributions to the 401(k) Plan irrespective of the employee s contribution match. The Partnership may make a discretionary annual contribution in the form of profit sharing calculated as a percentage of an employee s eligible compensation. This contribution is retirement income under the qualified 401(k) Plan. Annual profit sharing contributions to the 401(k) Plan are submitted to and approved by the Board. The Partnership recognized expense of   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively, for the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , for discretionary profit sharing contributions under the 401(k) Plan. The Partnership recognized expense of   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , for discretionary profit sharing contributions under the 401(k) Plan. 
    
  Under the Partnership s Employee Unit Purchase Plan (the  Unit Purchase Plan ), which was instituted in January 2015, employees have the opportunity to acquire or increase their ownership of common units representing limited partner interests in  
  
   12 

the Partnership. Eligible employees who enroll in the Unit Purchase Plan may elect to have a designated whole percentage, up to a specified maximum, of their eligible compensation for each pay period withheld for the purchase of common units at a discount to the then current market value.  A maximum of   1,000,000   common units may be delivered under the Unit Purchase Plan, subject to adjustment for a recapitalization, split, reorganization, or similar event pursuant to the terms of the Unit Purchase Plan. The Partnership recognized compensation expense of less than   $0.1 million   for both the   three months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , in connection with the Unit Purchase Plan. The Partnership recognized compensation expense of   $0.1 million   and less than   $0.1 million  , respectively, for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , in connection with the Unit Purchase Plan.  

12.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  The Partnership uses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost) to value assets and liabilities required to be measured at fair value, as appropriate. The Partnership uses an exit price when determining the fair value. The exit price represents amounts that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. 
    
  The Partnership utilizes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 
           Level 1 
    Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
              Level 2 
    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for these assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly.  These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
              Level 3 
    Unobservable inputs in which there is little market data, which requires the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
       
  This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data, when available, to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value.  In periods in which they occur, the Partnership recognizes transfers into and out of Level 3 as of the end of the reporting period. Transfers out of Level 3 represent existing assets and liabilities that were classified previously as Level 3 for which the observable inputs became a more significant portion of the fair value estimates. Determining the appropriate classification of the Partnership s fair value measurements within the fair value hierarchy requires management s judgment regarding the degree to which market data is observable or corroborated by observable market data. 
    
  The Partnership s recurring financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements and the necessary disclosures are as follows (in thousands):  

13 

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments        
    
  The following disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial instruments is made in accordance with accounting guidance for financial instruments. The Partnership has determined the estimated fair values by using available market information and valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The use of different market assumptions or valuation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  
     
  At   September 30, 2016  , the carrying values on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents (classified as Level 1), accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their fair value because of their short-term nature.  
    
  Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Partnership for credit agreement debt with similar terms and maturities and consideration of the Partnership s non-performance risk, long-term debt associated with the Partnership s credit agreement at   September 30, 2016   approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Partnership s long-term debt was calculated using observable inputs (LIBOR for the risk free component) and unobservable company-specific credit spread information.  As such, the Partnership considers this debt to be Level 3.  

13.    OPERATING SEGMENTS 
    
  The Partnership s operations consist of   four   operating segments: (i) asphalt terminalling services, (ii) crude oil terminalling and storage services, (iii) crude oil pipeline services, and (iv) crude oil trucking and producer field services.   
    
  ASPHALT TERMINALLING SERVICES    The Partnership provides asphalt product and residual fuel terminalling, storage and blending services at its   45   terminalling and storage facilities located in   23   states.  On October 5, 2016, the Partnership acquired nine additional terminalling and storage facilities, bringing the total to   54   terminalling and storage facilities located in   26   states (   see Note 17   ). 
    
  CRUDE OIL TERMINALLING AND STORAGE SERVICES  The Partnership provides crude oil terminalling and storage services at its terminalling and storage facilities located in Oklahoma and Texas. 
    
  CRUDE OIL PIPELINE SERVICES  The Partnership owns and operates   three   pipeline systems, the Mid-Continent system, the East Texas system and the Eagle North System, that gather crude oil purchased by its customers and transports it to refiners, to common carrier pipelines for ultimate delivery to refiners or to terminalling and storage facilities owned by the Partnership and others. The Partnership also engages in marketing crude oil that is purchased at production leases and transported on its pipelines.  The Partnership refers to its pipeline system located in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle as the Mid-Continent system. It refers to its second pipeline system, which is located in Texas, as the East Texas system.  The Partnership refers to its third system, originating in Cushing, Oklahoma, and terminating in Ardmore, Oklahoma, as the Eagle North system. 
    
  CRUDE OIL TRUCKING AND PRODUCER FIELD SERVICES   The Partnership uses its owned and leased tanker trucks to gather crude oil for its customers at remote wellhead locations generally not covered by pipeline and gathering systems and to transport the crude oil to aggregation points and storage facilities located along pipeline gathering and transportation systems.  Crude oil producer field services consist of a number of producer field services, ranging from gathering condensates from natural gas companies to hauling produced water to disposal wells. 
    
  The Partnership s management evaluates performance based upon segment operating margin, which includes revenues from related parties and external customers less operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization. The non-GAAP measure of operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, (in the aggregate and by segment) is presented in the following table. The Partnership computes the components of operating margin by using amounts that are determined in accordance with GAAP.  A reconciliation of operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, to income before income taxes, which is its nearest comparable GAAP financial measure, is included in the following table. The Partnership believes that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures being utilized by management. Operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, is an important measure of the economic performance of the Partnership s core operations. This measure forms the basis of the Partnership s internal financial reporting and is used by its management in deciding how to allocate capital resources among segments.  Income before income taxes, alternatively, includes expense items,  
  
   14 

such as depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses and interest expense, which management does not consider when evaluating the core profitability of the Partnership s operations. 
    
  The following table reflects certain financial data for each segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):  
  
   15 

16 

____________________ 
  (1)  The following table reconciles segment operating margin (excluding depreciation and amortization) to income before income taxes (in thousands):   

14.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  The Partnership is from time to time subject to various legal actions and claims incidental to its business. Management believes that these legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Partnership. Once management determines that information pertaining to a legal proceeding indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated, an accrual is established equal to its estimate of the likely exposure. 
    
  The Partnership may become the subject of additional private or government actions regarding these matters in the future.  Litigation may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations, and the outcome of litigation is difficult to predict.  The defense of these lawsuits may result in the incurrence of significant legal expense, both directly and as the result of the Partnership s indemnification obligations.  The litigation may also divert management s attention from the Partnership s operations which may cause its business to suffer.  An unfavorable outcome in any of these matters may have a material adverse effect on the Partnership s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to make distributions to its unitholders, the trading price of the Partnership s common units and its ability to conduct its business. All or a portion of the defense costs and any amount the Partnership may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment or settlement of these claims may or may not be covered by insurance. 
     
  The Partnership has contractual obligations to perform dismantlement and removal activities in the event that some of its asphalt product and residual fuel oil terminalling and storage assets are abandoned. These obligations include varying levels of activity including completely removing the assets and returning the land to its original state. The Partnership has determined that the settlement dates related to the retirement obligations are indeterminate. The assets with indeterminate settlement dates have been in existence for many years and with regular maintenance will continue to be in service for many years to come. Also, it is not possible to predict when demands for the Partnership s terminalling and storage services will cease, and the Partnership does not believe that such demand will cease for the foreseeable future.  Accordingly, the Partnership believes the date when these assets will be abandoned is indeterminate. With no reasonably determinable abandonment date, the Partnership cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the associated asset retirement obligations.  Management believes that if the Partnership s asset retirement obligations were settled in the foreseeable future the present value of potential cash flows that would be required to settle the obligations based on current costs are not material.  The Partnership will record asset retirement obligations for these assets in the period in which sufficient information becomes available for it to reasonably determine the settlement dates. 

15.    INCOME TAXES 
     
  The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in the Partnership s units depends largely on the Partnership being treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. If less than   90%   of the gross income of a publicly traded partnership, such as the Partnership, for any taxable year is  qualifying income  from sources such as the transportation, storage,  marketing (other than to end users), or processing of crude oil, natural gas or products thereof, rents from real property leased to unrelated parties, interest, dividends or certain other specified sources, that partnership will be taxable as a  
  
   17 

corporation under Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code for federal income tax purposes for that taxable year and all subsequent years.  
    
  If the Partnership were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, then it would pay federal income tax on its income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of   35%  , and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. Distributions would generally be taxed again to unitholders as corporate distributions and none of the Partnership s income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to its unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon the Partnership as an entity, cash available for distribution to its unitholders would be substantially reduced. Treatment of the Partnership as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to unitholders and thus would likely result in a substantial reduction in the value of the Partnership s units. 
    
  The Partnership has entered into storage contracts with third party customers and leases with third party lessees with respect to all of its asphalt facilities. In the   second quarter of 2009  , the Partnership submitted a request for a ruling from the IRS that rental income from the leases constitutes  qualifying income.  In   October 2009  , the Partnership received a favorable ruling from the IRS to the effect that rental income received under the leases with third party lessees constitutes qualifying income.  As part of this ruling, however, the Partnership agreed to transfer, and has transferred, certain of its asphalt processing assets and related fee income to a subsidiary taxed as a corporation. This transfer occurred in the first quarter of 2010.  Such subsidiary s income is subject to tax at the applicable federal, state and local income tax rates.  Distributions from this subsidiary generally are taxed again to the Partnership s unitholders as corporate distributions and none of the income, gains, losses, deductions or credits of this subsidiary will flow through to the Partnership s unitholders. 
    
  In relation to the Partnership s taxable subsidiary, the tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at   September 30, 2016  , are presented below (dollars in thousands): 
    
                     Deferred tax assets 
      
      Difference in bases of property, plant and equipment 
    $ 
    859 
      
      Deferred tax asset 
    859 

Less: valuation allowance 
    859 
      
      Net deferred tax asset 
    $ 

The Partnership has considered the taxable income projections in future years, whether the carryforward period is so brief that it would limit realization of tax benefits, whether future revenue and operating cost projections will produce enough taxable income to realize the deferred tax asset based on existing service rates and cost structures, and the Partnership s earnings history exclusive of the loss that created the future deductible amount for the Partnership s subsidiary that is taxed as a corporation for purposes of determining the likelihood of realizing the benefits of the deferred tax assets. As a result of the Partnership s consideration of these factors, the Partnership has provided a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax asset as of   September 30, 2016  . 

16.    RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
    
  Except as discussed below and in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, there have been no new accounting pronouncements that have become effective or have been issued during the   nine months ended September 30,   2016 that are of significance or potential significance to us. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The amendments in this update create Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, including most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition, the amendments supersede the cost guidance in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts, and create new Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs-Contracts with Customers. In summary, the core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The amendment in this update deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with  
  
   18 

Customers (Topic 606) Principal versus Agent Considerations.   This update offers guidance on principal versus agent considerations in relation to ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.   The effective date for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09.  In March 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.   This update offers guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing in relation to ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.   The effective date for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   This update is issued in relation to  ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  and is intended to reduce the potential for diversity if practice at initial application and also to reduce the cost and complexity of applying Topic 606 both at transition and on an ongoing basis.  The effective date for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09. The Partnership is evaluating the impact of this guidance, which will be adopted beginning with the Partnership s quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2018.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718).   This update is intended to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.   This update is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Partnership has evaluated the impact of this guidance, which will be adopted beginning with the Partnership s quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2017, and does not anticipate a material impact on the Partnership s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This update provides financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.  This update is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Partnership is evaluating the impact of this guidance, which will be adopted beginning with the Partnership s quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2020. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This update addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs) (including bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLIs)); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  This update is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Partnership is evaluating the impact of this guidance, which will be adopted beginning with the Partnership s quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2018. 

17.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  Ergon Transactions 
  Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 
  On July 19, 2016, the Partnership announced that Ergon agreed to purchase   100%   of the outstanding voting stock of Blueknight GP Holding, L.L.C., which owns   100%   of the capital stock of the Partnership s General Partner, pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2016 among CBB, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Charlesbank, BEHI, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Vitol, and Ergon Asphalt Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ergon.  This transaction was consummated on October 5, 2016. 
  Contribution Agreement 
  In addition, Ergon (i) contributed   nine   asphalt terminals plus   $22.1 million   in cash to the Partnership in return for total consideration of approximately   $130.9 million  , which consists of the issuance of   18,312,968   of the Partnership s Series A preferred units in a private placement, and (ii) acquired an aggregate of   $5.0 million   of common units for cash in a private placement, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement between the Partnership, Blueknight Terminal Holding, L.L.C., and three indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ergon. The asphalt terminals are located in (i) Wolcott, Kansas, (ii) Ennis, Texas, (iii)  
  
   19 

Chandler, Arizona, (iv) Mt. Pleasant, Texas, (v) Pleasanton, Texas, (vi) Birmingport, Alabama, (vii) Memphis, Tennessee, (viii) Nashville, Tennessee and (ix) Yellow Creek, Mississippi and include approximately   2.0 million   barrels of storage capacity. As of the closing of the transactions in the Contribution Agreement, the Partnership owns a network of   54   asphalt terminals in   26   states with a combined capacity of   9.6 million   barrels of asphalt and residual fuel oil storage. 
  As a result of this acquisition which was completed on October 5, 2016, the Partnership s consolidated results of operations will include the results of the acquired Ergon business beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016.  The Partnership has not completed the detailed valuation work necessary to arrive at the required estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed and the related allocation of purchase price.  The Partnership s preliminary allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be included in the Partnership s future filings. 
  Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement  
  In connection with the consummation of the transactions described above, the Partnership and Ergon entered that certain Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, dated October 5, 2016 (the  Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, the Partnership s subsidiaries operate certain asphalt terminals, storage tanks and related real property, contracts, permits, assets and other interests (the  Terminal Assets ) previously owned by Ergon, and store and terminal Ergon s asphalt products at the Terminal Assets, in exchange for the payment of certain fees by Ergon. The term of the related party agreement began on October 5, 2016, and will continue for a period of seven years. The related party agreement will then continue on a year-to-year basis unless cancelled by either party by delivering not less than 180 days  notice. Each party has agreed to indemnify the other party (and its affiliates) for any and all liabilities arising from (i) its breach of the Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, (ii) its negligence or willful misconduct, or the negligence or willful misconduct of an affiliate, or (iii) its failure to comply with law with respect to the sale, transportation, storage, handling or disposal of product.  
  Omnibus Agreement  
  In connection with the consummation of the transactions described above, the General Partner, the Partnership and certain of the Partnership s subsidiaries entered into the Omnibus Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2016 (the  Omnibus Agreement ) with Ergon pursuant to which Ergon was granted a right of first offer with respect to the (i) Wolcott, Kansas Asphalt Terminal; (ii) Ennis, Texas Asphalt Terminal; (iii) Chandler, Arizona Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal; (iv) Mt. Pleasant, Texas Emulsion Terminal; (v) Pleasanton, Texas Emulsion Terminal; (vi) Birmingport, Alabama Asphalt/Polymer/Emulsion Terminal; (vii) Memphis, Tennessee Asphalt/Polymer/Emulsion Terminal; (viii) Nashville, Tennessee Asphalt/Polymer Terminal; (ix) Yellow Creek, Mississippi Asphalt Terminal; (x) Fontana, California Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal; and (xi) Las Vegas, Nevada Asphalt/Emulsion/Polymer Terminal (collectively, the  ROFO Assets ) to the extent that the owner of the ROFO Assets proposes to transfer such ROFO Asset while the Omnibus Agreement is in effect. In addition, the Omnibus Agreement also granted Ergon a right of first refusal to purchase the (i) Fontana, California Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal and (ii) Las Vegas, Nevada Asphalt/Emulsion/Polymer Terminal (together, the  ROFR Assets ) if any owner of the ROFR Assets proposes or intends to sell any ROFR Asset to a third party through the period ending December 31, 2018.  
  Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement 
  Pursuant to a Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2016 among the Partnership, CBB and BEHI, on October 5, 2016, the Partnership purchased   6,667,695   Series A preferred units from each of Vitol and Charlesbank in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $95.3 million  . Vitol and Charlesbank each retained   2,488,789   (  4,977,578   in aggregate) Series A preferred units upon completion of these transactions.  

20 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  As used in this quarterly report, unless we indicate otherwise: (1)  Blueknight Energy Partners,   our,   we,   us  and similar terms refer to Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., together with its subsidiaries, (2) our  General Partner  refers to Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., (3) Vitol refers to Vitol Holding B.V., its affiliates and subsidiaries (other than our General Partner and us) and (4) Charlesbank refers to Charlesbank Capital Partners, LLC, its affiliates and subsidiaries (other than our General Partner and us).  The following discussion analyzes the historical financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on   March 9, 2016   (the  2015 Form 10-K ).  
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This report contains forward-looking statements.  Statements included in this quarterly report that are not historical facts (including any statements regarding plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto), including, without limitation, the information set forth in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including  may,   will,   should,   believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   continue,  or other similar words. These statements discuss future expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or state other  forward-looking  information. We and our representatives may from time to time make other oral or written statements that are also forward-looking statements. 
    
  Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of the filing of this report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements include, among other things, those set forth in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  All forward-looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this report. 

Overview 
    
  We are a publicly traded master limited partnership with operations in   twenty-seven   states. We provide integrated terminalling, storage, gathering and transportation services for companies engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of crude oil and liquid asphalt cement.  We manage our operations through four operating segments: (i) asphalt terminalling services, (ii) crude oil terminalling and storage services, (iii) crude oil pipeline services and (iv) crude oil trucking and producer field services.   
    
  Potential Impact of Recent Crude Oil Market Price Changes and Other Matters on Future Revenues  
    
  Since June of 2014, the market price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil has decreased by approximately 50%, from a peak of approximately $108 per barrel to approximately $50 per barrel in October of 2016. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2014, the West Texas Intermediate crude oil forward price curve changed from a backwardated curve (in which the current crude oil price per barrel is higher than the future price per barrel and a premium is placed on delivering product to market and selling as soon as possible) to a contango curve (in which future prices are higher than current prices and a premium is placed on storing product and selling at a later time). In addition to changes in the price of crude oil and changes in the forward pricing curve, there has been significant volatility in the overall energy industry and specifically in publicly traded midstream energy partnerships. As a result there are a number of trends that may impact our partnership in the near term. These include the market price for crude oil, decreased production in areas in which we serve, decreased demand for transportation capacity and an increased cost of capital. We expect these changes to have the following near-term impacts:  
    
  Asphalt Terminalling Services - Although there is no direct correlation between the price of crude oil and the price of asphalt, the asphalt industry tends to benefit from a lower crude oil price environment, strong economy and an increase in  
  
   21 

infrastructure spend. As a result, we do not expect the significant decrease in the price of crude oil to significantly impact our asphalt terminalling services operating segment.  
    
  Crude Oil Terminalling and Storage Services - A contango crude oil curve tends to favor the crude oil storage business as crude oil marketers are incentivized to store crude oil during the current month and sell into the future month. In September 2014, we had approximately 4.8 million barrels of storage with contracts that had expired or would expire between September 30, 2014 and May 31, 2015. As a result of the decrease in the crude oil price and change in the crude oil curve, we have been able to renew expiring contracts at average rates higher than those in place at September 30, 2014, and increase customer diversity by the addition of two new customers, as a result of which storage capacity leased by Vitol decreased from nearly two-thirds of our Cushing storage at September 30, 2014, to less than one-half beginning in the second quarter of 2015.  The percentage of storage capacity leased by Vitol has remained consistent since the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  Crude Oil Pipeline Services - We do not currently expect the recent crude oil price changes to have a significant impact on our Mid-Continent pipeline system as a portion of that capacity is contracted under a long-term throughput and deficiency agreement and volumes remained consistent throughout 2015. However, in late April 2016, as a precautionary measure we suspended service on our Mid-Continent pipeline system due to a discovery of a pipeline exposure caused by recent heavy rains and the erosion of a riverbed in southern Oklahoma.  There was no damage to the pipe and no loss of product.  In the second quarter of 2016, we took action to mitigate the service suspension and worked with customers to divert volumes, and, in certain circumstances, transported volumes to a third-party pipeline system via truck.  In addition, the term of the throughput and deficiency agreement on our Eagle North system expired at June 30, 2016, and, in July of 2016, we completed a connection of the southeastern most portion of our Mid-Continent pipeline system to our Eagle North system and concurrently reversed the Eagle North system.  This enabled us to begin to recapture diverted volumes and deliver those barrels to Cushing, Oklahoma starting in July of 2016.  As a result, we are currently operating one Oklahoma mainline system, which is a combination of both the Mid-Continent and Eagle Pipeline systems instead of two separate systems.  We continue to evaluate the timing of and long-term repair necessary to allow us to operate two separate Oklahoma pipeline systems as well as the overall potential financial impact.  The timing, cost and overall potential financial impact of re-establishing a second Oklahoma pipeline system is dependent on the overall scope of our condensate pipeline project, which we continue to evaluate and will be dependent on customer demand and/or volume commitments.   
    
  We have experienced a decrease in revenue on our East Texas pipeline system as a result of an overall decrease in production in the area and the expiration of an incentive tariff on a section of the system. As a result of the decrease in revenues and resulting decline in market values, we recognized non-cash impairment expenses of $12.6 million and $1.4 million related to our East Texas pipeline system and a portion of our Mid-Continent pipeline system, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2015. In addition, in West Texas a number of new pipelines have been or are expected to be put into service, which will increase the amount of takeaway capacity and competition for the same or declining volumes of crude oil and may impact margins and future equity earnings from the Advantage Pipeline, in which we have a 30% equity ownership interest.  
    
  We also evaluated the current prospects of Knight Warrior, a previously announced East Texas Eaglebine/Woodbine crude oil pipeline project, and have decided to not pursue development of the project.  The Knight Warrior project was canceled during the three months ended June 30, 2016, due to continued low rig counts in the Eaglebine/Woodbine area coupled with lower production volumes, competing projects and the overall impact of the decreased market price of crude oil.  Consequently, shipper commitments related to the project have been canceled. In connection with the cancellation of the shipper commitments, we evaluated the Knight Warrior project for impairment and recognized an impairment expense of   $22.6 million   during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  Crude Oil Trucking and Producer Field Services - A backwardated crude oil curve tends to favor the crude oil transportation services business as crude oil marketers are incentivized to deliver crude oil to market and sell as soon as possible. When the crude oil market curve changed from a backwardated curve to a contango curve in the fourth quarter of 2014, coupled with a decrease in the absolute price of crude oil, transported volumes started decreasing. Throughout 2015, we experienced downward rate pressure in our trucking and producer field services business as producers and marketers attempted to renegotiate service rates to preserve their operating margins in the changing market. In addition, during the second half of 2015, our West Texas operating margins and transported volumes were negatively impacted by increased competition from transporters moving equipment from crude oil shale areas to West Texas, where crude oil volumes have remained relatively consistent, and by producers and marketers quickly pipe-connecting transported barrels. As a result, we decided to cease trucking barrels in West Texas and refocus our efforts on transporting barrels around our owned crude oil pipelines and storage assets in Oklahoma and Kansas. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded a restructuring charge of $1.6 million associated with our exit from West Texas, in addition to a non-cash impairment expense of $0.5 million associated with a write-down of assets to their estimated net realizable value. See    Note 3    to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional detail regarding this restructuring expense.  
  
   22 

Organic Projects vs. Acquisitions - In addition to the impacts above, we anticipate that a prolonged period of lower crude oil prices, a decrease in drilling and production volumes and increases in the cost of capital may change our bias from organic projects toward acquisitions with faster positive cash flows as opposed to organic projects that do not generate positive cash flow during their development. We plan to continue to develop projects organically, but do so considering production volumes, pricing and drilling activities in areas in which we operate.  
    
  Recent Events 
    
  Ergon Transactions (the  Transactions ) 
  Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 
  On July 19, 2016, we announced that Ergon, Inc. ( Ergon ) agreed to purchase   100%   of the outstanding voting stock of Blueknight GP Holding, L.L.C., which owns   100%   of the capital stock of our General Partner, pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2016 among CB-Blueknight, LLC ( CBB ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Charlesbank, Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. ( BEHI ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Vitol, and Ergon Asphalt Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ergon.  This transaction was consummated on October 5, 2016. 
  Contribution Agreement 
  In addition, Ergon (i) contributed   nine   asphalt terminals plus   $22.1 million   in cash in return for total consideration of approximately   $130.9 million  , which consists of the issuance of   18,312,968   of Series A preferred units in a private placement, and (ii) acquired an aggregate of   $5.0 million   of common units for cash in a private placement, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement between us, Blueknight Terminal Holding, L.L.C., and three indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ergon. The asphalt terminals are located in (i) Wolcott, Kansas, (ii) Ennis, Texas, (iii) Chandler, Arizona, (iv) Mt. Pleasant, Texas, (v) Pleasanton, Texas, (vi) Birmingport, Alabama, (vii) Memphis, Tennessee, (viii) Nashville, Tennessee and (ix) Yellow Creek, Mississippi and include approximately   2.0 million   barrels of storage capacity. As of the closing of the transactions in the Contribution Agreement, we own a network of   54   asphalt terminals in   26   states with a combined capacity of   9.6 million   barrels of asphalt and residual fuel oil storage. 
  Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement  
  In connection with the consummation of the Transactions, we and Ergon entered that certain Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, dated October 5, 2016 (the  Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, we operate certain asphalt terminals, storage tanks and related real property, contracts, permits, assets and other interests (the  Terminal Assets ) previously owned by Ergon, and store and terminal Ergon s asphalt products at the Terminal Assets, in exchange for the payment of certain fees by Ergon. The term of the agreement began on October 5, 2016, and will continue for a period of seven years. The agreement will then continue on a year-to-year basis unless cancelled by either party by delivering not less than 180 days  notice. Each party has agreed to indemnify the other party (and its affiliates) for any and all liabilities arising from (i) its breach of the Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, (ii) its negligence or willful misconduct, or the negligence or willful misconduct of an affiliate, or (iii) its failure to comply with law with respect to the sale, transportation, storage, handling or disposal of product.  
  Omnibus Agreement  
  In connection with the consummation of the Transactions, we entered into the Omnibus Agreement, dated October 5, 2016, (the  Omnibus Agreement ) with Ergon pursuant to which Ergon was granted a right of first offer with respect to the (i) Wolcott, Kansas Asphalt Terminal; (ii) Ennis, Texas Asphalt Terminal; (iii) Chandler, Arizona Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal; (iv) Mt. Pleasant, Texas Emulsion Terminal; (v) Pleasanton, Texas Emulsion Terminal; (vi) Birmingport, Alabama Asphalt/Polymer/Emulsion Terminal; (vii) Memphis, Tennessee Asphalt/Polymer/Emulsion Terminal; (viii) Nashville, Tennessee Asphalt/Polymer Terminal; (ix) Yellow Creek, Mississippi Asphalt Terminal; (x) Fontana, California Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal; and (xi) Las Vegas, Nevada Asphalt/Emulsion/Polymer Terminal (collectively, the  ROFO Assets ) to the extent that the owner of the ROFO Assets proposes to transfer such ROFO Asset while the Omnibus Agreement is in effect. In addition, the Omnibus Agreement also granted Ergon a right of first refusal to purchase the (i) Fontana, California Asphalt/Emulsion Terminal and (ii) Las Vegas, Nevada Asphalt/Emulsion/Polymer Terminal (together, the  ROFR Assets ) if any owner of the ROFR Assets proposes or intends to sell any ROFR Asset to a third party through the period ending December 31, 2018.  
  Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement 
  Pursuant to a Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2016, among us, CBB and BEHI, on October 5, 2016, we purchased   6,667,695   Series A preferred units from each Vitol and Charlesbank in a private placement for an aggregate purchase  
  
   23 

price of approximately   $95.3 million  . Vitol and Charlesbank each retained   2,488,789   Series A preferred units upon completion of these transactions.  
  Credit Facility Amendment 
  On July 19, 2016, we entered into a Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement Amendment ), which amended the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2013, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent and the several lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended. 
  The Credit Agreement Amendment amends the credit agreement to, among other things: 
             
    permit the Transactions by amending (i) the definition of Change of Control (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to permit Ergon to purchase all of the membership interests of our general partner and, after such purchase, require Ergon to retain at least 50% of the issued and outstanding voting equity interests of our general partner and (ii) the negative covenant contained in the credit agreement that restricts us from repurchasing the Partnership s outstanding partnership interests, such that we may repurchase approximately 13,335,390 of the Partnership s outstanding Series A preferred units simultaneously with the closing of the Transactions; 
                
    amend the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio such that 
                
    prior to the date on which we issue qualified senior notes (as defined in the credit agreement, but generally being unsecured indebtedness with no required principal payments prior to June 28, 2019) in an aggregate principal amount (when combined with all other qualified senior notes previously or concurrently issued) that equals or exceeds $200.0 million (the  Qualified Senior Notes Date ), the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be 5.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, and 4.75 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter ending thereafter; provided, that, the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be 5.25 to 1.00 for certain quarters based on the occurrence of a specified acquisition (as defined in the credit agreement, but generally being an acquisition for which the aggregate consideration is $15.0 million or more, which will include the acquisition of the nine asphalt terminals from Ergon); 
                
    from and after the Qualified Senior Notes Date, the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be 5.00 to 1.00; provided, that, the maximum permitted consolidated total leverage ratio will be 5.50 to 1.00 for certain quarters based on the occurrence of a specified acquisition; 
                
    require that we and our subsidiaries execute certain account control agreements; 
                
    require that, to the extent (i) our consolidated total leverage ratio as of the end of the prior fiscal quarter was greater than 4.75 to 1.00 and (ii) we and our subsidiaries have cash and cash equivalents (subject to certain exceptions) exceeding $20.0 million for four consecutive business days, we prepay the outstanding obligations under the credit agreement in the amount of such excess; and 
                
    restrict us from borrowing funds under the credit agreement if, after giving effect to such borrowing and the prompt use of the proceeds thereof, we and our subsidiaries would have cash and cash equivalents (subject to certain exceptions) exceeding $20.0 million. 
     We were in compliance with all covenants of the credit agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Common Stock Issuance 
  On July 26, 2016, the Partnership issued and sold   3,795,000   common units for a public offering price of   $5.90   per unit, resulting in proceeds of approximately   $21.2 million  , net of underwriters  discount and offering expenses of   $1.4 million  . 
    
  Our Revenues    
    
  Our revenues consist of (i) terminalling and storage revenues, (ii) gathering, transportation and producer field services revenues, (iii) product sales revenues and (iv) fuel surcharge revenues.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the Partnership recognized revenues of   $5.4 million   and   $17.6 million  , respectively, for services provided to Vitol.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the Partnership earned revenues of   $0.3 million   and   $1.0 million   for services provided to Advantage Pipeline. The remainder of our services was provided to third parties. 
    
  Terminalling and storage revenues consist of (i) storage service fees from actual storage used on a month-to-month basis; (ii) storage service fees resulting from short-term and long-term contracts for committed space that may or may not be utilized by the customer in a given month; and (iii) terminal throughput service charges to pump crude oil to connecting carriers or to  
  
   24 

deliver asphalt product out of our terminals. Terminal throughput service charges are recognized as the crude oil exits the terminal and is delivered to the connecting crude oil carrier or third-party terminal and as the asphalt product is delivered out of our terminal. Storage service revenues are recognized as the services are provided on a monthly basis.  We earn terminalling and storage revenues in two of our segments: (i) asphalt terminalling services and (ii) crude oil terminalling and storage services. 
    
  We have leases and storage agreements with third party customers for all of our   54   asphalt facilities.  We operate the asphalt facilities pursuant to the storage agreements, while our contract counterparties operate the asphalt facilities that are subject to the lease agreements. 
    
  As of   October 28, 2016  , we had approximately   6.0 million   barrels of crude oil storage under service contracts with remaining terms ranging from 1 month to   60 months  , including   0.5 million   barrels of crude oil storage contracts that expire in 2016 and an additional   1.9 million   barrels of crude oil contracts that expire in 2017. Storage contracts with Vitol represent   2.4 million   barrels of crude oil storage capacity under contract. We are in negotiations to either extend contracts with existing customers or enter into new customer contracts for the storage capacity expiring in 2016; however, there is no certainty that we will have success in contracting available capacity or that extended or new contracts will be at the same or similar rates as the expiring contracts. If we are unable to renew the majority of the expiring storage contracts, we may experience lower utilization of our assets which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, ability to make distributions to our unitholders, the price of our common units, results of operations and ability to conduct our business. 
    
  Gathering and transportation services revenues consist of service fees recognized for the gathering of crude oil for our customers and the transportation of crude oil to refiners, to common carrier pipelines for ultimate delivery to refiners or to terminalling and storage facilities owned by us and others. Revenue for the gathering and transportation of crude oil is recognized when the service is performed and is based upon regulated and non-regulated tariff rates and the related transport volumes.  Producer field services revenue consists of a number of services ranging from gathering condensates from natural gas producers to hauling produced water to disposal wells.  Revenue for producer field services is recognized when the service is performed. We earn gathering and transportation revenues in two of our segments: (i) crude oil pipeline services and (ii) crude oil trucking and producer field services. 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , we transported approximately   28,000   barrels per day on our pipelines, which is a decrease of   50%   compared to the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , we transported approximately   40,000   barrels per day on our pipelines, which is a decrease of   22%   compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . Vitol accounted for   39%   and   32%   of volumes transported in our pipelines in the   three months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. Vitol accounted for   28%   and   31%   of volumes transported in our pipelines in the   nine months ended September 30,   2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  For the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , we transported approximately   25,000   barrels per day on our crude oil transport trucks, a decrease of   52%   as compared to the   three months ended September 30,     2015  .  Vitol accounted for approximately   32%   and   46%   of volumes transported by our crude oil transport trucks in the   three months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30,   2016, we transported approximately   28,000   barrels per day on our crude oil transport trucks, a decrease of   48%   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30,   2015. Vitol accounted for approximately   29%   and   44%   of volumes transported by our crude oil transport trucks in the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The year over year decrease in transported volumes is attributable to our exiting the West Texas trucking market in the fourth quarter of 2015 as previously noted. 
    
  Product sales revenues are comprised of (i) revenues recognized for the sale of crude oil to our customers that we purchase at production leases and (ii) revenue recognized in buy/sell transactions with our customers. Product sales revenue is recognized for products upon delivery and when the customer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership.  We earn product sales revenue in our crude oil pipeline services operating segment. 
    
  Fuel surcharge revenues are comprised of revenues recognized for the reimbursement of fuel and power consumed to operate our asphalt product storage tanks and terminals.  We recognize fuel surcharge revenues in the period in which the related fuel and power expenses are incurred. 
    
  Our Expenses  
    
  Operating expenses decreased by   18%   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . This is primarily a result of a decrease in compensation expense and fuel costs related to the restructuring of our trucking and field services operating segment initiated in the fourth quarter of 2015.  General and  
  
   25 

administrative expenses, inclusive of $1.4 million of Ergon transaction fees, remained consistent for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  Our interest expense increased by   $0.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . See   Interest expense   within our results of operations discussion for additional detail regarding the factors that contributed to the increase in interest expense in   2016  .  
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  As part of the process of preparing the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate the federal and state income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiary that is taxed as a corporation operates. This process involves estimating the actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess, using all available positive and negative evidence, the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. Unless we believe that recovery is more likely than not, we must establish a valuation allowance. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance or increase or decrease this allowance in a period, we must include an expense or reduction of expense within the tax provisions in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Under   ASC 740   Accounting for Income Taxes  , an enterprise must use judgment in considering the relative impact of negative and positive evidence. The weight given to the potential effect of negative and positive evidence should be commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists (a) the more positive evidence is necessary and (b) the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed for some portion or all of the deferred tax asset. Among the more significant types of evidence that we consider are: 

taxable income projections in future years; 
                
    whether the carryforward period is so brief that it would limit realization of tax benefits; 
                
    future revenue and operating cost projections that will produce more than enough taxable income to realize the deferred tax asset based on existing service rates and cost structures; and 
                
    our earnings history exclusive of the loss that created the future deductible amount coupled with evidence indicating that the loss is an aberration rather than a continuing condition. 
       
  Based on the consideration of the above factors for our subsidiary that is taxed as a corporation for purposes of determining the likelihood of realizing the benefits of the deferred tax assets, we have provided a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Distributions 
    
  The amount of distributions we pay and the decision to make any distribution is determined by the Board of Directors of our General Partner (the  Board ), which has broad discretion to establish cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business and for future distributions to our unitholders. In addition, our cash distribution policy is subject to restrictions on distributions under our credit facility.  
    
   On   October 20, 2016  , the Board approved a distribution of   $0.17875   per preferred unit, or a total distribution of   $6.3 million  , for the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  .  We will pay this distribution on the preferred units on   November 14, 2016  , to unitholders of record as of   November 4, 2016  . 
    
   In addition, on   October 20, 2016  , the Board approved a cash distribution of   $0.1450   per unit on our outstanding common units.  The distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016  , to unitholders of record on   November 4, 2016  .  The distribution is for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  .  The total distribution to be paid is approximately   $6.0 million  , with approximately   $5.5 million   and   $0.4 million   paid to our common unitholders and general partner, respectively, and   $0.1 million   paid to holders of phantom and restricted units pursuant to awards granted under our long-term incentive plan. 

26 

Results of Operations 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, management uses additional measures that are known as  non-GAAP financial measures  in its evaluation of past performance and prospects for the future.  The primary measure used by management is operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization. 
    
  Management believes that the presentation of such additional financial measures provides useful information to investors regarding our performance and results of operations because these measures, when used in conjunction with related GAAP financial measures, (i) provide additional information about our core operating performance and ability to generate and distribute cash flow, (ii) provide investors with the financial analytical framework upon which management bases financial, operational, compensation and planning decisions and (iii) present measurements that investors, rating agencies and debt holders have indicated are useful in assessing us and our results of operations.  These additional financial measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable measures as reported in accordance with GAAP, and should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes.  
    
  The table below summarizes our financial results for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  , reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measure:    

27 

For the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased in our asphalt terminalling and storage services and crude oil pipeline services segments.  Asphalt terminalling services margin increased primarily due to the acquisition of three asphalt terminals since May 2015.  Operating margin increased in our crude oil pipeline services segment during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , primarily as a result of crude oil sales arising from product loss allowances.  This was partially offset by a decrease in volume transported by our pipelines due to suspended service on our Mid-Continent pipeline system beginning in April 2016 due to a discovery of a pipeline exposure caused by recent heavy rains and erosion of a river in southern Oklahoma.  Crude oil terminalling and storage services margin decreased as a result of the cancellation of an operating and maintenance agreement related to Vitol s crude oil terminal located in Midland, Texas in the third quarter of 2015.  Crude oil trucking and producer field services margin decreased primarily due to our exiting the West Texas trucking transportation market in the fourth quarter of 2015, continued pressure on trucking and producer field service rates due to the decline in crude oil prices and a decrease in transported volumes.  
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased in our asphalt and crude oil terminalling and storage services segm  ents as a result of acquisitions of three asphalt terminals, annual contract escalations, and new crude oil storage and terminalling contracts.  These increases were offset by lower operating margins in our crude oil pipeline services and crude oil trucking and producer field services segments. The decrease in crude oil pipeline services margin resulted from the expiration of an increased tariff that was being charged from June 2014 through May 2015 on certain barrels transported on our East Texas pipeline system under a throughput and deficiency agreement. The tariff returned to a lower rate in June of 2015, which decreased the service revenues generated on the East Texas pipeline system by $4.6 million when comparing the     nine months ended September 30,     2016     to the same period in 2015.  This was partially offset by $3.2 million in sales of crude oil arising from product loss allowances in the     nine months ended September 30,     2016  . Crude oil trucking and producer field services operating margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased due to continued pressure on trucking and producer field service rates resulting fro  m the decline in crude oil prices and a decrease in transported volumes.    
    
       A more detailed analysis of changes in operating margin by segment follows. 
    
  Analysis of Operating Segments 
    
  Asphalt terminalling services segment 
    
  Our asphalt terminalling services segment operations generally consist of fee-based activities associated with providing storage, terminalling and throughput services for asphalt product and residual fuel oil.  Revenue is generated through short- and long-term storage contracts.   
    
  The following table sets forth our operating results from our asphalt terminalling services segment for the periods indicated: 

The following is a discussion of items impacting asphalt terminalling services segment operating margin for the periods indicated: 

Third party revenues increased for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  , primarily as a result of the acquisition of one asphalt terminalling facility in May 2015 and two asphalt terminalling facilities in February 2016 as well as annual contract fee escalations and increased throughput at our terminals. 
     
   28 

Related party revenues decreased for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , primarily due to an additional storage tank that was utilized by Vitol on a short-term basis beginning in the second quarter of 2015 through the second quarter of 2016. 
       
  Crude oil terminalling and storage services segment 
    
  Our crude oil terminalling and storage segment operations generally consist of fee-based activities associated with providing storage, terminalling and throughput services for crude oil.  Revenue is generated through short- and long-term storage contracts.   
    
  The following table sets forth our operating results from our crude oil terminalling and storage segment for the periods indicated: 

The following is a discussion of items impacting crude oil terminalling and storage segment operating margin for the periods indicated: 

Third party revenues increased for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to the same period in   2015   in connection with storage contract renewals.  As contracts were expiring early in 2014, the rates at which we recontracted storage at the Cushing Interchange were impacted by a backwardated market for West Texas Intermediate crude which led to a decrease in average rates.  However, in the fourth quarter of 2014, the market for West Texas Intermediate crude oil returned to contango in which future prices are higher than current prices. This has increased demand for storage services at the Cushing Interchange, resulting in an upward trend in storage rates.  Due to the timing of the expiration of historical contracts and the execution of new storage contracts, the overall impact of the increase in storage rates began in the second quarter of 2015, and, as a result, third party revenues for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   have increased.  

Related party revenues decreased for both periods due to the cancellation of the Operating and Maintenance agreement related to Vitol s crude oil terminal located in Midland, Texas in the third quarter of 2015 and due to a reduction in the total storage capacity leased by Vitol in the comparative periods. 

As of   October 28, 2016  , we had approximately   6.0 million   barrels of crude oil storage under service contracts with remaining terms of up to   60 months  , including   0.5 million   barrels of crude oil storage contracts that expire in 2016 and an additional   1.9 million   barrels of crude oil contracts that expire in 2017. Storage contracts with Vitol represent   2.4 million   barrels of crude oil storage capacity under contract.  
     
   29 

Operating expenses for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , decreased as compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  , primarily as a result of decreases in utilities expense, as well as a decrease in compensation expense due to our no longer operating the Vitol Midland terminal. 
       
  Crude oil pipeline services segment 
    
  Our crude oil pipeline services segment operations include both service and product sales revenue.  Service revenue generally consists of tariffs and other fees associated with transporting crude oil products on pipelines.  Product sales revenue is comprised of (i) revenues recognized for the sale of crude oil to our customers that we purchase at production leases and (ii) revenue recognized in buy/sell transactions with our customers. Product sales revenue is recognized for products upon delivery and when the customer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership.  
    
  The following table sets forth our operating results from our crude oil pipeline services segment for the periods indicated: 

The following is a discussion of items impacting crude oil pipeline services segment operating margin for the periods indicated: 

Service revenues decreased for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to the same period in   2015   due to the expiration of an increased tariff that was being charged from June 2014 through May 2015 on certain barrels transported on our East Texas pipeline system under a throughput and deficiency agreement. The tariff returned to a lower rate in June of 2015, which decreased the service revenues generated on the East Texas pipeline system by $4.6 million when comparing the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , to the same period in 2015. 

In addition, in late April 2016, as a precautionary measure we suspended service on our Mid-Continent pipeline system due to a discovery of a pipeline exposure caused by recent heavy rains and the erosion of a riverbed in southern Oklahoma.  There was no damage to the pipe and no loss of product.  In the second quarter of 2016, we took action to mitigate the service suspension and worked with customers to divert volumes, and, in certain circumstances, transported volumes to a third-party pipeline system via truck.  In addition, the term of the throughput and deficiency agreement on our Eagle North system expired at June 30, 2016, and in July of 2016 we completed a connection of the southeastern most portion of our Mid-Continent pipeline system to our Eagle North system and concurrently reversed the Eagle North system.  This enabled us to recapture diverted volumes and deliver those barrels to Cushing, Oklahoma.  As a result, we are currently operating one Oklahoma mainline system, which is a combination of both the  
     
   30 

Mid-Continent and Eagle Pipeline systems instead of two separate systems.  We continue to evaluate the timing of and long-term repair necessary to allow us to operate two separate Oklahoma pipeline systems as well as the overall potential financial impact.  The timing, cost and overall potential financial impact of re-establishing a second Oklahoma pipeline system is dependent on the overall scope of our condensate pipeline project, which we continue to evaluate and will be dependent on customer demand and/or volume commitments.  

Product sales revenues increased for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to the same period in   2015   due to our acquisition of the Red River pipeline in November 2015.  In conjunction with our acquisition of the Red River pipeline, we began marketing crude oil that we purchase at production leases.  Revenue from this activity is reflected in product sales revenue.  In addition to the marketing revenue, we also had $1.6 million  and $3.2 million in sales of crude oil arising from product loss allowances in the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  .  There were no such sales of crude oil arising from product loss allowances in the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  . 

Cost of product sales incurred for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , represent the cost of the marketed crude oil barrels transported on the Red River pipeline that was acquired in November 2015. 

Operating expenses have decreased primarily as a result of decreases in maintenance and repair and compensation expenses. 
       
  Crude oil trucking and producer field services segment 
    
  Our crude oil trucking and producer field services segment operations generally consist of fee-based activity associated with transporting crude oil products on trucks.  Revenues are generated primarily through transportation fees. 
    
  The following table sets forth our operating results from our crude oil trucking and producer field services segment for the periods indicated: 

The following is a discussion of items impacting crude oil trucking and producer field services segment operating margin for the periods indicated: 

Operating margin (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   primarily as a result of declining crude oil prices and production volumes in the areas we serve.  We continue to experience downward rate pressure in our trucking and producer field services business as producers and marketers attempt to renegotiate service rates to preserve their operating margins in the changing market. In addition, during the second half of 2015, our West Texas operating margins and transported volumes were negatively impacted by increased competition from transporters  
     
   31 

moving equipment from crude oil shale areas to West Texas, where crude oil volumes have remained relatively consistent, and by producers and marketers quickly pipe-connecting transported barrels. As a result, we decided to cease trucking barrels in West Texas and refocus our efforts on transporting barrels around our owned crude oil pipelines and storage assets in Oklahoma and Kansas.  
    
  Other Income and Expenses 
    
  Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation and amortization increased by   $0.9 million   to   $7.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $6.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Depreciation and amortization increased by   $2.3 million   to   $22.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $20.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . This increase is primarily due to depreciation of the asphalt terminal acquired in the second quarter of 2015 as well as the two asphalt terminals acquired in the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  General and administrative expenses  .  General and administrative expenses increased to   $4.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $4.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  .  This increase is primarily due to $0.9 million of transaction fees related to the Ergon transaction, offset by decreases in compensation expense and insurance premiums due to decreases in headcount.  General and administrative expenses were consistent at   $14.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  A decrease in compensation expense related to reduced headcount and a reduction in insurance premiums was offset by approximately $1.4 million of transaction fees related to the Ergon transactions during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  .  
    
  Asset impairment expense.   We evaluated the current prospects of Knight Warrior, a previously announced East Texas Eaglebine/Woodbine crude oil pipeline project, and decided to not pursue development of the project.  The Knight Warrior project is being canceled due to continued low rig counts in the Eaglebine/Woodbine area coupled with lower production volumes, competing projects and the overall impact of the decreased market price of crude oil.  Consequently, shipper commitments related to the project have been canceled. In connection with the cancellation of the shipper commitments, we evaluated the Knight Warrior project for impairment and recognized an impairment expense of $22.6 million during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  Gain on sale of assets.    The gain on sale of assets for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   includes a $6.0 million gain on the sale of crude oil pipeline linefill and storage tank bottoms realized in relation to the settlement of litigation with SemCorp in September 2015. Gains in the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   primarily comprised of sales of surplus, used property and equipment.  
    
  Equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliate.    The equity earnings are attributed to our investment in Advantage Pipeline.  Earnings have decreased in the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  , as a result of a decreased tariff that became effective in March 2016 as well as decreased volumes transported by Advantage Pipeline. 
    
  Interest expense.    Interest expense represents interest on borrowings under our credit facility as well as amortization of debt issuance costs and unrealized gains and losses related to the change in fair value of interest rate swaps.  
    
  Total interest expense for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   decreased by   $2.2 million   compared to the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . During the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , we recorded unrealized gains of   $1.3 million   due to the change in the fair value of interest rate swaps compared to unrealized losses of   $1.6 million   during the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . We also incurred interest expense in connection with settlement payments under our interest rate swap agreements of   $0.6 million   during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  . During the   three months ended September 30,     2015  , we incurred interest expense in connection with settlement payments under our interest rate swap agreements of   $0.8 million  . In addition, interest on our credit facility increased by   $0.7 million   due to increases in our average debt outstanding and increases in the weighted average interest rate under our credit agreement. 
    
  Total interest expense for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   increased by   $0.2 million   compared to the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , we recorded unrealized losses of   $0.9 million   due to the change in fair value of interest rate swaps  compared to unrealized losses of   $2.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . We also incurred interest expense in connection with settlement payments under our interest rate swap agreements of   $1.9 million   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  .  During the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  , we incurred interest expense in connection with settlement payments under our interest rate swap agreements of   $2.2 million  . In addition, interest on our credit facility increased by   $1.9 million   due to increases in our average debt outstanding and increases in the weighted average interest rate under our credit agreement. 
  
   32 

Effects of Inflation 
    
  In recent years, inflation has been modest and has not had a material impact upon the results of our operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash Flows and Capital Expenditures 
    
  The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   and   2016  :  

Operating Activities  .  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $39.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared to   $43.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  The   nine months ended September 30,     2015   includes $3.7 million in distributions received from Advantage Pipeline classified as a return on capital. 
    
  Investing Activities  .  Net cash used in investing activities was   $33.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared to   $27.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  We acquired two asphalt terminalling facilities for   $19.0 million   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  .  Capital expenditures for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   included gross maintenance capital expenditures of   $7.5 million   and   $6.0 million  , respectively, and expansion capital expenditures of   $8.1 million   and   $24.1 million  , respectively.  The   nine months ended September 30,   2015 also included   $0.3 million   in distributions received from Advantage Pipeline classified as a return of capital and   $2.3 million   in proceeds related to the sale of 30,393 Class A Common Units of SemCorp we received in connection with the settlement of two unsecured claims we filed in connection with SemCorp s predecessor s bankruptcy filing in 2008.  
    
  Financing Activities  .  Net cash used in financing activities was   $5.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared to   $17.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  Cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   consisted primarily of   $32.5 million   in distributions to our unitholders, partially offset by   $21.3 million   in net proceeds from equity issuances and net borrowings on long-term debt of   $9.0 million  . Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   consisted primarily of   $31.0 million   in distributions to our unitholders, partially offset by net borrowings on long-term debt of   $16.0 million  . 
    
  Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash flows from operations and our credit facility are our primary sources of liquidity.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a working capital surplus of   $3.3 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $144.7 million   of availability under our credit facility, although our ability to borrow such funds may be limited by the financial covenants in our credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we could borrow up to   $323.8 million  , or an additional   $68.4 million  , under our credit facility within our covenant restrictions.  As of   October 28, 2016  , we have aggregate unused commitments under our revolving credit facility of approximately   $83.6 million   and cash on hand of approximately   $0.9 million  .  The credit agreement will mature on June 28, 2018, and all amounts will become due and payable on such date.  See the caption  Debt  in    Note 6    to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further details. 
    
  Capital Requirements  . Our capital requirements consist of the following: 

maintenance capital expenditures, which are capital expenditures made to maintain the existing integrity and operating capacity of our assets and related cash flows, further extending the useful lives of the assets; and 
     
   33 

expansion capital expenditures, which are capital expenditures made to expand or to replace partially or fully depreciated assets or to expand the operating capacity or revenue of existing or new assets, whether through construction, acquisition or modification. 
       
  Expansion capital expenditures for organic growth projects, net of reimbursable expenditures of less than   $0.1 million  , totaled   $8.0 million   in the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $24.1 million   in the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  We currently expect our expansion capital expenditures for organic growth projects to be approximately   $8.5 million   to   $9.5 million   for all of   2016  .  Maintenance capital expenditures totaled   $5.9 million  , net of reimbursable expenditures of   $1.7 million  , in the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $5.7 million   in the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  .  We currently expect maintenance capital expenditures to be approximately   $7.0 million   to   $8.0 million  , net of reimbursable expenditures, for all of   2016  . 
    
  Our Ability to Grow Depends on Our Ability to Access External Expansion Capital  . Our partnership agreement requires that we distribute all of our available cash to our unitholders. Available cash is reduced by cash reserves established by our General Partner to provide for the proper conduct of our business (including for future capital expenditures) and to comply with the provisions of our credit facility.  We may not grow as quickly as businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations because we distribute all of our available cash.  
    
  Contractual Obligations  . A summary of our contractual cash obligations over the next several years as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows:  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents required future principal repayments of borrowings of   $254.0 million   and variable rate interest payments of   $17.1 million  .  All amounts outstanding under our credit agreement mature in June 2018.  For our variable-rate debt, we calculated interest obligations assuming the weighted-average interest rate of our variable-rate debt at September 30, 2016 on amounts outstanding through the assumed repayment date.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For information regarding recent accounting developments that may affect our future financial statements, see    Note 16    to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

I  tem 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  We are exposed to market risk due to variable interest rates under our credit facility. 
    
  As of   October 28, 2016  , we had   $315.0 million   outstanding under our credit facility that was subject to a variable interest rate.  Borrowings under our credit agreement bear interest, at our option, at either the reserve adjusted eurodollar rate (as defined in the credit agreement) plus an applicable margin or the alternate base rate (the highest of the agent bank s prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, and the 30-day eurodollar rate plus 1%) plus an applicable margin.  Interest rate swap agreements are used to manage a portion of the exposure related to changing interest rates by converting floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt.  In March 2014, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional value of   $200.0 million  .  The first agreement became effective June 28, 2014, and matures on June 28, 2018. Under the terms of the first interest rate swap agreement, we pay a fixed rate of   1.45%   and receive one-month LIBOR with monthly settlement.  The second agreement became effective January 28, 2015, and matures on January 28, 2019.  Under the terms of the second interest rate swap agreement, we pay a fixed rate of   1.97%   and receive one-month LIBOR with monthly settlement.  The fair market value of the interest rate swaps at   September 30, 2016   is a liability of   $4.0 million   and is recorded in long-term interest rate swap liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The interest rate swaps do not receive hedge accounting treatment under   ASC 815 - Derivatives and Hedging  . Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the weighted average interest rate under our credit agreement was   3.92%  .  
  
   34 

Changes in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and reducing our funds available for capital investment, operations or distributions to our unitholders.  Based on borrowings as of   September 30, 2016  , the terms of our credit agreement, current interest rates and the effect of our interest rate swaps, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the interest rate would result in increased annual interest expense of approximately   $0.5 million   and decreased annual interest expense of   $0.3 million  , respectively.  

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures  .  Our General Partner s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of   September 30, 2016  , were effective. 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting  .  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings. 
    
  The information required by this item is included under the caption  Commitments and Contingencies  in    Note 14    to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
    
  See the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, together with the additional risk factors set forth below.  
  We may fail to realize the benefits anticipated as a result of the Transactions. 
  There can be no assurances that the expected benefits of such acquisition will be realized. If this risk or other expected costs and liabilities were to materialize, any desired benefits of the Transactions may not be fully realized, if at all, and our future financial performance and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
  Ergon may compete with us, which could adversely affect our existing business and limit our ability to acquire additional assets or businesses. 
  As a result of the consummation of the Transactions, Ergon indirectly owns our general partner. Neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement with Ergon prohibits Ergon from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. In addition, Ergon may acquire, construct or dispose of additional midstream or other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or construct any of those assets. Ergon is privately owned company with a presence in over 12 countries worldwide, and is one of the largest asphalt emulsion marketers in the United States. Ergon has significantly greater resources and experience than we have, which factors may make it more difficult for us to compete with Ergon with respect to commercial activities as well as for acquisition candidates. As a result, competition from Ergon could adversely impact our results of operations and cash available for distribution. 

Item 5.    Other Information 
    
  Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act Disclosure 
    
  Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which amended the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether, during the reporting period, it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or  
  
   35 

with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
    
  The Partnership s affiliates include members of the Vitol Group of companies ( Vitol ). Vitol is one of the world s largest traders of oil and oil products. Following the relaxation of Iran related sanctions on January 16, 2016 an affiliate of the Partnership, Vitol Bahrain ( VBA ), has undertaken transactions with Iranian state controlled companies. During the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 September 2016, VBA bought fuel oil  and naphtha from the National Iranian Oil Company ( NIOC ) for a total cost of Emirati Dirham (AED) 742,467,963.49. During the same period, VBA also bought naphthas from the Persian Gulf Petrochemical Industry Trading Co ( PGPI ) for a cost of AED 149,413,345.86. VBA does not calculate net profits on a per-customer transactional basis; however, Vitol estimates that the net profits attributable to the disclosed activity would not exceed 0.5% of Vitol s annual profit. VBA anticipates that it will continue to do business with NIOC and PGPI provided that such activity continues to be permitted by applicable sanctions regimes. 
    
  Facilities Lease Agreements 
    
  In addition, affiliates of the Partnership have previously entered into the following three material agreements with affiliates of Ergon, each as described more fully below: (i) Facilities Lease Agreement, dated May 18, 2009, by and among BKEP Materials, L.L.C. ( BKEP Materials ) and BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C. ( BKEP Asphalt ), and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. ( Ergon A E ) (the  2009 Facilities Lease Agreement  (ii) Master Facilities Lease Agreement, dated November 11, 2010, by and among BKEP Materials, BKEP Asphalt and Ergon A E (the  2010 Master Facilities Lease Agreement  and (iii) Second Amendment to Master Facilities Lease Agreement, dated July 2, 2012, by and among BKEP Materials, BKEP Asphalt and Ergon A E (the  2012 Master Facilities Lease Amendment ).  
    
  Pursuant to the 2009 Facilities Lease Agreement, as amended, Ergon A E, as lessee, may use certain asphalt facilities owned by BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt, as lessors, for the receipt, storage, manufacturing, blending and shipping of asphalt products and associated raw materials.  These asphalt facilities are located in Austin, Texas; Dodge City, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Halstead, Kansas; Lawton, Oklahoma; Little Rock, Arkansas; Memphis, Tennessee; Reading, Pennsylvania; Salina, Kansas; North Salt Lake City, Utah; Woods Cross, Utah; Northumberland, Pennsylvania; and Garden City, Georgia.  In addition, the 2009 Facilities Lease Agreement provided for certain rail leases in Dodge City, Kansas; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Memphis, Tennessee. The lease terminated on December 31, 2011, but was extended and modified as described below. Ergon A E agreed to indemnify BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt for any and all losses and suits arising from (i) operation of the premises or (ii) any violation of environmental or health and safety laws, unless such violations are caused by the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt or their affiliates.  BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt agreed to indemnify Ergon A E for any and all damages arising out of acts or omissions of BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt or their affiliates while on the premises, except to the extent the damages were caused by the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of Ergon A E. 
    
  Pursuant to the 2010 Master Facilities Lease Agreement, the 2009 Facilities Lease Agreement was amended, restated and consolidated to provide that BKEP Materials and BKEP Asphalt would act as lessor of the asphalt facilities and rail leases covered by the 2009 Facilities Lease Agreement, plus the Northumberland, Pennsylvania asphalt facility, and the parties would continue to perform their respective obligations as provided under the 2009 Facilities Lease Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the 2012 Master Facilities Lease Amendment, the term of the 2010 Master Facilities Lease Agreement was extended to December 31, 2018. 

36 

Item 6.    Exhibits 
    
  The information required by this Item 6 is set forth in the Index to Exhibits accompanying this quarterly report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

37 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BLUEKNIGHT ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 

By: 
    Blueknight Energy Partners, G.P., L.L.C 

its General Partner 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Alex G. Stallings 

Alex G. Stallings 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ James R. Griffin 

James R. Griffin 

Chief Accounting Officer 

38 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Exhibit Name 
      2.1 
      
    Contribution Agreement, dated July 19, 2016 among Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Blueknight Terminal Holding, L.L.C., Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., Ergon Terminaling, Inc. and Ergon Asphalt Holdings, LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      3.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated November 19, 2009 but effective as of December 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      3.2 
      
    Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated September 14, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 14, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      3.3 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of the General Partner, dated November 20, 2009 but effective as of December 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      3.4 
      
    Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the General Partner, dated December 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.1 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 5, 2016 by and among Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., Ergon Terminaling, Inc. and Ergon Asphalt Holdings, LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 5, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      10.1 
      
    Preferred Unit Repurchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2016 among Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., CB-Blueknight, LLC and Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).  
      10.2 
      
    Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 19, 2016 among Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent and the several lenders from time to time thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).  
      10.3 
      
    Third Amendment to Crude Oil Storage Services Agreement, dated August 12, 2016 but effective as of May 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 19, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      10.4 
      
    Storage, Throughput and Handling Agreement, dated October 5, 2016 by and among BKEP Materials, L.L.C., BKEP Terminalling, L.L.C., BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C., and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 5, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      10.5 
      
    Omnibus Agreement, dated October 5, 2016 by and among Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Blueknight Terminalling, L.L.C., BKEP Materials, L.L.C. and BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 5, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      10.6* 
      
    Facilities Lease Agreement, dated May 18, 2009 by and between BKEP Materials, L.L.C, BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. 
      10.7* 
      
    Master Facilities Lease Agreement, dated November 11, 2010 by and between BKEP Materials, L.L.C, BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. 
    
      10.8 
      
    Second Amendment to Master Facilities Lease Agreement, dated July 2, 2012 by and between BKEP Materials, L.L.C, BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. 
      31.1* 
      
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2* 
      
    Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1# 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551, this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.  

39 

101* 
      
    The following financial information from Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Document and Entity Information; (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016; (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016; (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners  Capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016; (v) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016; and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

____________________ 
  *     Application has been made to the Securities and Exchange Commission for confidential treatment of certain provisions of this exhibit. Omitted material for which confidential treatment has been requested has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  #     Furnished herewith 

40 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 a106facilitiesleaseagreeme.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.6 
    
  *** Where this marking appears throughout this Exhibit 10.6, information has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and such information has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission separately. 
    
  FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT 
    
  This FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT (this "  Agreement  ") is entered into on May 18, 2009 (the "  Effective Date  ") by and among SemMaterials Energy Partners, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("  SMEP  "), SGLP Asphalt, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company ("  SGLP Asphalt  " and together with SMEP, "  Lessor  "), and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., a Mississippi corporation ("  Lessee  "). The parties agree that in consideration of and reliance upon the promises made herein, and performances due hereunder, the parties contract and agree as follows: 
    
  Section 1.         Leased Premises and Use  . 
    
  Lessor owns the asphalt facilities described on   Exhibit A-1   (each a "  Facility  " and collectively the "  Facilities  "). For the rentals and upon and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Lessor hereby leases the Facilities to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases the Facilities from Lessor, subject to the Permitted Encumbrances (as defined herein). The Facilities include the land, buildings, improvements, asphalt storage and processing assets (collectively, the "  Leased Premises  ") along with the associated: (i)  storage, use, and occupancy rights to, of, or in any buildings, fixtures, equipment, or other physical assets on the Leased Premises or hereinafter constructed on the Leased Premises, (ii) necessary rights of ingress, egress, storage, and transportation (including all existing rights to rail service to the extent such rights are assignable) to, on, or over the Leased Premises for Lessee and Lessee's agents, invitees, customers, or representatives, as reasonably necessary to further Lessee's operations at the Leased Premises, and (iii) right to receive, use, and enjoy public and private utility services at the Leased Premises, such including by the way of example but not being limited to, sewer, water, electricity, fuel, waste disposal, and telephone all at Lessee's sole expense. The Leased Premises may be used by Lessee for the receipt, storage, manufacturing, blending and shipping of asphalt products and associated raw materials, and all purposes reasonably related thereto, and for no other purpose without Lessor's written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Lessee accepts the Leased Premises on the commencement date of the Term (as defined below) of this Agreement "AS IS'', "WHERE IS" without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranty of habitability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose, except to the extent specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
    
  The Leased Premises shall include the rights of Lessor under the leases set forth in   Exhibit A-2   (collectively, the "  Rail Leases  "). Lessee shall be subject to the terms of the Rail Leases and perform all obligations of Lessor as lessee under each of the Rail Leases which accrue during the Term of this Agreement (but not any obligations which survive the termination of any Rail Lease which is terminated prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement), except that Lessor shall be obligated to timely pay rents or other sums due thereunder so long as Lessee pays all rent due under the terms of this Agreement. Lessee agrees to indemnify Lessor, and hold it harmless, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred as a result of Lessee's non-performance or non-observance of any of Lessor's obligations as lessee under the Rail Leases which, as a result of this Agreement, became an obligation of Lessee. If Lessee makes any payment to Lessor pursuant to this indemnity, Lessee shall be subrogated to the rights of Lessor concerning such payment. Lessee shall not do, nor permit to be done, any act or thing which is, or with notice or the passage of time would be, a default under this Agreement or the Rail Leases. Lessee shall look solely to the lessors under each of the Rail Leases for all services to be  
  
   1 

provided by such lessors thereunder and shall not, under any circumstances, seek nor require Lessor to perform any of such services, nor shall Lessee make any claim upon Lessor for any damages which may arise by reason of any such lessor's default under the Rail Leases. However, Lessor shall reasonably cooperate with Lessee to exercise or enable Lessee to exercise any rights or remedies available to enforce each Rail Lease for Lessee's benefit in the event of a default by the lessor under each Rail Lease. Lessor agrees to indemnify Lessee, and hold it harmless, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred as a result of Lessor's non-performance of its obligations with respect to the Rail Leases as set forth in this paragraph, so long as Lessee has paid all rent due under the terms of this Agreement. Lessor shall not do, nor permit to be done, any act or thing which is, or with notice or the passage of time would be, a default under the Rail Leases. If for any reason the term of any Rail Lease shall terminate prior to the expiration or termination of the Term of this Agreement, the Leased Premises shall automatically exclude the rights of Lessor under such Rail Lease, and Lessor shall not be liable to Lessee by reason thereof unless said termination shall have been caused by the default of Lessor under the applicable Rail Lease, and said Lessor's default was not as a result of a Lessee default hereunder. 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Leased Premises shall not include inventories of off-spec product, obsolete raw materials inventories in tanks, bags, totes, drums and boxes, and miscellaneous equipment and incomplete capital improvements unrelated to ordinary operations at the Facilities; such miscellaneous equipment and incomplete capital improvements unrelated to ordinary operations at the Facilities are listed on   Exhibit A-3   hereto (the "  Excluded Assets  "). Lessee assumes no responsibility for the Excluded Assets. Lessor shall use reasonable commercial efforts to remove the Excluded Assets from the Leased Premises within sixty (60) days following the Effective Date; provided, that Lessee acknowledges that SemMaterials, L.P. owns products located on the Leased Premises and has the right to store such products on the Leased Premises until October 31, 2009 or as otherwise set forth in the Access and Use Agreement (as defined herein) and the Terminalling and Storage Agreement (as defined herein). Any Excluded Assets remaining at that time may be secured and stored by Lessee, at Lessor's expense.  In addition, the Leased Premises shall not include (i) finished asphalt product owned by SemMaterials, L.P. or its affiliates and not purchased by Lessee and (ii) any rail cars owned or leased by SemMaterials, L.P. or its affiliates. 
    
  Section 2.        Term. 
    
  This Agreement shall commence on May 18, 2009, and shall terminate on December 31, 2011 (the "  Term  "). 
    
  Section 3.         Compensation. 
    
  Except as provided elsewhere herein, during the Term of this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the rent and other charges set forth on   Exhibit B   attached hereto.  
    
  Section 4.         Asphalt Product and Raw Materials. 
    
  Lessee shall be solely responsible to furnish all asphalt and related raw materials used to manufacture any and all finished asphalt products at the Leased Premises. 
    
  Section 5.         Contract Limited to Available Capacity. 
    
  Lessee will only process those qualities and grades of finished asphalt products that are compatible with the current processing capabilities of the Leased Premises unless agreed to otherwise by the parties. 

2 

Section 6.         Title and Risk of Loss.    
    
  Title to asphalt, raw materials and finished asphalt products received, unloaded, stored, or otherwise handled at the Leased Premises shall be in the name of Lessee and shall be the sole responsibility of Lessee. 
    
  Section 7.        Improvements. 
    
  Subject to Lessor's written approval, which approval may relate to design, location, construction methods, and installation procedures but shall not in any event be unreasonably withheld, and subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions of this Agreement, Lessee may construct or place upon the Leased Premises, at Lessee's sole expense, improvements required by Lessee for the purpose of furthering Lessee's permitted use of the Leased Premises. Absent agreement of Lessor and Lessee to the contrary, all permanent improvements shall be the property of Lessor, while all temporary improvements, trade fixtures, and movable equipment made or installed by Lessee shall remain the property of Lessee.   
    
  Lessee shall have the right to install and maintain signage at the Leased Premises at Lessee's sole cost and expense (including but not limited to construction costs, permits and licensing fees) and in conformity with all applicable laws, restrictive covenants, ordinances, rules and regulations; provided that such signage shall only relate to Lessee's occupancy of and operations on the Leased Premises.  Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Lessee shall remove all signage and repair any damage caused therefrom at Lessee's sole cost and expense. 
    
  Section 8.         Confidential Disclosures. 
    
  All confidential information, technical information, trade or business secrets, or the like (the "  Confidential Information  ") which is disclosed by one party to the other, or is learned by one party from the other, in carrying out the terms and purpose of this Agreement shall remain the property of the party from whom it originates. The party receiving such Confidential Information shall maintain in confidence the Confidential Information so received and will not use such information to the detriment of the originating party, until such time as the Confidential Information so received enters the public domain other than by the act or omission of the recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose such Confidential Information (i) to its counsel, accountants, investors, lenders or other representatives if necessary for such party's business operations and so long as such persons are aware of and agree to comply with the provisions of this   Section 8   or (ii) as may be required by law. Any Confidential Information which can be shown by the recipient to have been in the public domain, or known to the recipient at the time of disclosure, shall not be deemed "Confidential Information" pursuant to this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Lessor acknowledges and agrees that all Volumes Reports and the contents thereof submitted pursuant to   Section 23   hereof constitute Confidential Information of Lessee and may not be shared with or disclosed to third parties without Lessee's prior written consent. The parties consent to (i) the provision of this Agreement to Lessor's lenders in connection with the acquisition of the non-disturbance agreements in accordance with   Section 22.1   and (ii) the issuance of a press release by Lessee or Lessor relating to the leasing of the Facilities pursuant to this Agreement. The obligations set forth in this   Section 8   shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
    
  Section 9.         Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security. 
    
  9.1        Lessee shall use the Leased Premises only for the purpose contemplated by this Agreement and related purposes associated with asphalt facility operations. Lessee shall not permit the Leased Premises to be used for any unlawful purpose.  
  
   3 

9.2         For purposes of this Agreement: 
    
  (a)        the term "  Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws  " shall mean and include all applicable federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, regulations, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental authority, relating to (i) the control of any pollutant, or protection of health or the air, water or land, (ii) waste generation, handling, treatment, storage, disposal, discharge, release, emission or transportation, (iii) exposure to hazardous, toxic or other substances alleged to be harmful, (iv) the protection of any endangered or at-risk plant or animal life, (v) occupational or public health and safety, (vi) transportation, including transportation of materials, or (vi) site or homeland security, including prevention and disruption of terrorist attacks, the protection of the public, resources, and infrastructure, or response to terrorist attacks. "Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws" shall include, but not be limited to, the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.   7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.   1251 et seq., the Resource Conservation Recovery Act ("  RCRA  "), 42 U.S.C.   6901 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.   2601 et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C.   300f et seq., the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("  CERCLA  "), 42 U.S.C.   9601 et seq., the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C.   2011 et seq., the Occupational Health and Safety Act ("  OSHA  "), 29 U.S.C.   651 et seq., the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, 33 U.S.C.   1221 et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.   1801 et seq., the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C.   101 et seq. and the Critical Infrastructure Information Act, 6 U.S.C.   131 et seq. The term "Environmental Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws" shall also include all applicable executive orders and state, local and municipal laws, rules, regulations, statutes, ordinances and orders dealing with the subject matter of the above federal statutes; and 
    
  (b)        the term "  Hazardous Materials  " shall mean any (i) petroleum or petroleum products, (ii) asbestos or asbestos containing materials, (iii) hazardous substances as defined by   101(14) of CERCLA, (iv) radioactive substances and (v) any other chemical, substance or waste that is regulated by any governmental authority under any Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Law. 
    
  9.3        Lessee shall conduct operations on the Leased Premises in compliance with all applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws and manage any Hazardous Materials on the Leased Premises in compliance with all such laws. Lessee shall promptly, and in any event within twenty-four hours of the occurrence, notify Lessor of any release or spill of a Hazardous Material at the Leased Premises that is reportable or requires a response action, including remediation, under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws and shall promptly and completely implement any response action for with respect to such release or spill required under such laws or by a governmental authority. Lessee shall provide Lessor with copies of any reports or monitoring results provided to a governmental authority with respect to any such release, spill or response action no later than five (5) business days of the submittal to the governmental authority. Furthermore, Lessee also shall provide to Lessor copies of any and all correspondence to or from the governmental authority relating to the release, spill or response action within five (5) business days of the day the correspondence is sent to or received by the Lessee, as applicable.  
    
  9.4         Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
    
  (a)         Lessee shall be responsible for complying with any and all notification or reporting requirements under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws arising out of Lessee's use of the Leased Premises; provided, however, that Lessor retains the right but not the obligation to make, after prior written notice to Lessee, any environmental notification or report required by law and involving the Leased Premises which has not been completely performed or provided by Lessee. Lessee shall keep Lessor fully informed and provide Lessor with documentation pertaining to any notification or reporting  
  
   4 

under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws applicable to the Leased Premises or Lessee's operations thereon. 
    
  (b)        Lessee shall, at Lessee's own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement such environmental health, safety, transportation and security permits, licenses, plans, approvals, or other such authorizations under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws as are necessary for Lessee to comply with Lessee's duties and obligations under this Agreement and as are necessary for Lessee to conduct its operations on the Leased Premises. By way of example, but not limitation, such necessary environmental permits or plans may include, but will not be limited to, Title V and applicable state Air Operating Permits, Spill Prevention Control, Countermeasure Plan, and Facility Response Plan as both plans are set forth in 40 CFR 112, U.S. Coast Guard Facility Security Plans, and such other plans or permits that may be required by any and all local, state and federal agencies. Lessor shall reasonably cooperate with Lessee to transfer to or at the direction of Lessee at the commencement of the term any permits or other authorizations relating to the Leased Premises issued to Lessor under applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws. Lessee will give Lessor written notice and obtain Lessor's prior written approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, for any and all additions or improvements to the Leased Premises requiring a new permit or a permit modification under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws. 
    
  (c)        Lessee shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) business days of receipt or, as applicable, issuance or assessment, notify and provide copies to Lessor of any and all Warning Letters, Notices of Violation, Consent Orders or Decrees, Notices of Stipulation, including any monetary penalties assessed (collectively, "  Non-Compliance Notices  ") relating to an allegation or declaration of non-compliance with, or need for investigation, remedial or other response action under, any Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Law, regardless of whether Lessee disputes such Non-Compliance Notice. Lessee is further obligated to provide Lessor copies of its response to any such Non-Compliance Notice no later than five (5) business days after submittal thereof fully explaining how the non-compliance matter or required investigation, remedial or other response action is to be resolved or why Lessee believes that the alleged non-compliance matter or requested action is not accurate or not applicable. Lessee shall continue to provide to Lessor any and all correspondence relating to the Non-Compliance Notice until such time as Lessee demonstrates to the reasonable satisfaction of Lessor that the Non-Compliance Notice has been resolved through correspondence or other documentation from the governmental authority, or if such correspondence or other documentation is unavailable or impractical, through an alternative written demonstration reasonably satisfactory to Lessor by the Lessee to the Lessor and any counsel that Lessor requests in writing be copied on such communications. 
    
  9.5        Lessee shall have the right at its cost to conduct environmental site assessments of the Leased Premises (the "  Environmental Assessments  ") to serve as a baseline for the condition of the Leased Premises, subject to the following conditions: (a) Lessee shall obtain Lessor's prior written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, of the professional consultant or consultants who will perform the Environmental Assessments, (b) the Environmental Assessments shall be conducted in accordance with the scope of work set forth in   Exhibit D   attached hereto; provided Lessee shall provide Lessor with a copy of and consult with Lessee with respect to any draft Phase II sampling and analysis plan as set forth in the scope of work and consult with Lessor and consider in good faith any comments of Lessor concerning the scope of any such sampling and groundwater sampling shall be conducted only in the event there is reasonable justification for the need for such sampling and Lessor gives prior written approval for such sampling, which approval shall be in Lessor's sole discretion, (c) Lessee shall be responsible for the management and proper disposal of any wastes generated in connection with invasive sampling conducted as part of the Environmental Assessments, (d) the site visit and any sampling component of the Environmental Assessments shall be  
  
   5 

conducted as soon as reasonably practical, subject to clause (e) below, and the Environmental Assessments, including the written reports thereof, must be complete no later than one hundred eighty (180) after the date of this Agreement, (e) Lessor shall have the right to be present during any site visit or sampling activity and the right to collect split samples and/or its own samples and Lessee shall provide reasonable advance notice to Lessor of the proposed schedule for site visits and sampling activity and coordinate with Lessor in advance on the scheduling of site visits to allow Lessor to have a represent present during each site visit or sampling activity conducted in connection with the performance of the Environmental Assessments, (f) Lessor or Lessor's representative participating in a site visit shall respond to a request to conduct groundwater sampling at a site before or during the site visit of the Facility in question, (f) Lessee shall provide Lessor with a copy of any sampling results within five (5) business days of Lessee's receipt of same, (g) Lessor shall be provided a copy of each draft Environmental Assessment report and shall be afforded a period of at least five (5) business days to review and provide comments on the draft report; provided the parties agree to work cooperatively if either party believes additional time beyond that provided in this Agreement is needed to review a draft Environmental Assessment report before final issuance of the report, (h) any factual corrections timely made by Lessor on the draft Environmental Assessment report will be included in the final report and any other comments timely made by Lessor will be considered in good faith by Lessee and its consultant, (i) Lessor shall be entitled to rely on the final Environmental Assessment reports and Lessee shall provide a complete copy, including copies of the site plan, interview logs, field log books, and any other attachments or appendices, of each final Environmental Assessment report in electronic format and hard copy to Lessor within five (5) business days of Lessee's receipt thereof, and (j) no invasive sampling shall be conducted at the Facility in Austin, Texas, and no Environmental Assessments shall be conducted for the Facility in Reading, Pennsylvania. If, with respect to any Facility, the results of invasive sampling conducted in connection with the Environmental Assessments reveal any adverse environmental condition which, in Lessee's determination will likely result in the material impairment of Lessee's ability to operate such Facility, then Lessee may, upon ten (10) days' prior written notice to Lessor, terminate this Agreement with respect to such Facility, which shall cease to be part of the Leased Premises for purposes hereof as of the effective date of such termination. Until the final Environmental Assessment for a Facility has been received and submitted to Lessor, notwithstanding   Section 9.3   above Lessee shall be required to provide immediate notice (within eight hours of discovery) to Lessor of any spill or release occurring after the Effective Date with respect to such Facility, to maintain and provide to Lessor a detailed report concerning such release or spill, including sampling data and photographs, and to reflect such occurrence in the Environmental Assessment for the Facility. Lessor shall make all decisions on the reportability of any finding derived, in part or whole, from an Environmental Assessment to any governmental authority and Lessee shall not report any such finding to a governmental authority without prior written approval from Lessor; provided, however, in the event and to the extent Lessee makes a good faith determination that it has a legal obligation to make such report and Lessor has not made a report, Lessee may make such report provided (i) Lessee gives written notice to Lessor that it intends to make the report and Lessor still elects not to make the report and (ii) Lessee provides Lessor with a copy of any such report within five (5) business days of its submittal. 
    
  9.6        Without the prior written approval of Lessor, Lessee shall not conduct any soil, ground water, surface water, or other similar site investigation, sampling, or monitoring of the Leased Premises (other than the sampling performed in accordance with   Section 9.5   above) unless so ordered by a governmental authority, required by the express terms of any permit for the Leased Premises issued under applicable Environmental Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws, or advised by Lessee's counsel as immediately necessary due to emergency or exigent circumstances such as those described in   Section 9.3   above. The Lessor shall make the final decision as to whether the need or justification of the Lessee's request for any and all such discretionary soil, ground water, or other similar site investigation, sampling, or monitoring of the Leased Premises is warranted. If so warranted, the Lessor shall have the right enter the Leased Premises to routinely monitor the Lessee's progress and ensure that the scope-of-work adheres to that which the Lessor approved.  
  
   6 

Nothing in this   Section 9.6   is intended to be or shall be construed to constitute authority or an exercise of control by Lessor for environmental, health, safety, transportation, or security aspects of Lessee's operations on the Leased Premises, such activities being under the sole control of Lessee.  
    
  9.7        At the end of the Term of this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise requested by Lessor, Lessee shall be responsible, at its cost and in compliance with Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws, for removal and proper management of Hazardous Materials on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises resulting from or used in connection with Lessee's operation on the Leased Premises.  Any environmental condition on or about the Facilities in Austin, Texas or Reading, Pennsylvania at the termination of this Agreement and any groundwater contamination at a Facility for which Lessor has elected not to approve groundwater sampling in connection with Lessee's Environmental Assessment thereof shall be presumed to be conditions existing on or prior to the Effective Date and the responsibility of Lessor; provided, however, Lessor may rebut this presumption with evidence establishing that the condition was caused by, contributed to by, or exacerbated as a result of Lessee's operations. Lessee shall reasonably cooperate with Lessor to transfer to or at the direction of Lessor at the end of the Term of this Agreement any permits or other authorizations relating to the Leased Premises issued to Lessee under applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws; provided, however, if requested by Lessor, instead of transferring a permit or other authorization, Lessee shall at its cost and expense and in compliance with Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws initiate and complete any actions required to terminate such permits or other authorization. Lessee's obligation under this   Section 9.7   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  9.8        Should any change in Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws require any alterations or additions to the improvements installed by Lessor on the Leased Premises and such alterations or additions are necessary for the conduct of Lessee's normal business operations thereon, then Lessor shall make the required alterations or additions to such improvements within a reasonable time after receipt of Lessee's written request therefor. 
    
  Section 10.         Indemnity. 
    
  10.1        Lessee's Indemnity to Lessor  . Lessee shall indemnify and defend Lessor, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents and affiliates (the "  Lessor Indemnitees  ") against any and all suits, judgments, losses, damages, costs, fees, penalties, awards and the like (the foregoing including but not limited to attorneys' fees and litigation costs) (collectively, "  Damages  ") for personal injury, death, property damage, or any other loss or claim arising out of, from, or otherwise related to (i) Lessee's operation and use of the Leased Premises or (ii) any violation of Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws or the release of any Hazardous Materials on or at the Leased Premises occurring during the term of the Agreement or attributable to an act or omission of Lessee, its employees, invitees, agents, contractors, customers or representatives (collectively, "  Indemnified Environmental Matters  "); except that Lessee shall not indemnify or agree to defend Lessor to the extent Damages are caused by the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Lessor Indemnitee.   IT IS THE INTENT OF LESSOR AND LESSEE THAT LESSEE'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS   SECTION 10.1   FOR INDEMNIFIED ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY LESSOR INDEMNITEE WOULD BE SUBJECT TO STRICT LIABILITY UNDER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, SAFETY, TRANSPORTATION, AND SECURITY LAWS FOR SUCH INDEMNIFIED ENVIRONMENTAL MATTER.    Lessee's obligation under this   Section 10.1   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  10.2        Lessor's Indemnity to Lessee.   Lessor shall indemnify and defend Lessee, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents and affiliates (the "  Lessee Indemnitees  ") against any  
  
   7 

and all Damages for personal injury, death, property damage or any other loss or claim to the extent arising out of the acts or omissions of any Lessor Indemnitee while on the Leased Premises or otherwise to the extent in connection with Lessor's performance of this Agreement, except that Lessor shall not indemnify or agree to defend Lessee for Damages caused by the negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct of Lessee Indemnitees or for any Damages for which Lessee is indemnifying Lessor pursuant to   Section 10.1  . Lessor's obligation under this   Section 10.2   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  Section 11.        Insurance. 
    
  11.1         Lessee agrees to secure and maintain insurance in amounts not less than the following coverage and terms set forth in   Sections 11.2  ,   11.3  ,   11.4   and   11.5  . 
    
  11.2        Workers' compensation insurance in accordance with the statutory requirements of the state or states in which each Facility is located and the U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers Act, as applicable, and employer's liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000. 
    
  11.3        Commercial general liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000 for property damage and bodily injury. Such policy(ies) shall include marine terminal operator's liability covering Lessee's operations at the Leased Premises.  
    
  11.4        Automobile liability with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000 for property damage and bodily injury, covering all vehicles owned, hired, rented, contracted for, or used by Lessee, or Lessee's successors, assigns, employees, agents, licensees or invitees. 
    
  11.5        Umbrella liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $10,000,000 covering excess of Employer's Liability, Commercial General Liability, and Automobile Liability. 
    
  11.6        Lessor shall maintain basic causes of loss form property insurance on the improvements on the Leased Premises, but not on Lessee's personal property or inventory, for full replacement cost value. Lessor shall also maintain during the Term hereof employer's liability insurance, commercial general liability insurance, automobile liability insurance, and umbrella liability insurance at limits equivalent to those specified for Lessee in   Sections 11.2  ,   11.3  ,   11.4   and   11.5   above. 
    
  11.7        Lessor or Lessee, as applicable, shall be named as an additional insured on the policies to be maintained by the other party as specified in this   Section 11  , except for Workers' Compensation insurance. Each party shall furnish to the other certificates of insurance evidencing the insurance coverage specified herein to be maintained by the furnishing party. Each such certificate shall provide that each of the policies to which such certificate shall pertain shall not be canceled or materially changed without thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. All insurance required to be maintained under the terms of this Agreement shall be written by insurer(s) with an A.M. Best rating of A- or better. 
    
  11.8        Each of Lessor and Lessee ("  Releasing Party  ") hereby releases the other ("  Released Party  ") from any liability which the Released Party would, but for this paragraph, have had to the Releasing Party arising out of or in connection with any damage to the property of Releasing Party at the Leased Premises which is or would be covered by a basic causes of loss form of property insurance with no deductible in the state in which such Leased Premises is located, regardless of whether or not such coverage is actually being carried by the Releasing Party. Lessor and Lessee shall use best efforts to have their respective policies of insurance contain a waiver of subrogation provision incorporating the above covenant and providing that the insurance shall not be invalidated by the insured's written waiver prior to a loss of any or all right of recovery against any party for any insured loss. 
  
   8 

11.9        Lessor's and Lessee's obligations with respect to the restoration of any Facility following any casualty event, whether insured or uninsured ("  Casualty  "), shall be governed by the terms and provisions of this   Section 11.9  . Within thirty (30) days following the Casualty, Lessor shall consult with Lessee in good faith and advise Lessee of the estimated cost (the "  Cost  ") and time required to restore and repair such Facility to substantially its pre-loss condition (the "  Loss Notice  "). If the Cost is less than or equal to the sum of (i) the greater of (A) $*** or (B) the annual Base Rental Fee at the subject Facility (or, if the number of months remaining in the Term is less than twelve (12) months, the sum of Base Rental Fees for the months remaining in the Term) and (ii) estimated insurance proceeds, if any (the "  Formula  "), the Lessor shall have an obligation to restore and repair the Facility to substantially its pre-loss condition, and Lessor shall commence such repair work promptly and complete same as expeditiously as commercially reasonably possible, unless Lessee elects to terminate this Lease pursuant to the following provisions of this section. If the Cost is greater than the Formula, then Lessor shall have no obligation to restore and repair the Facility and may terminate this Agreement as to such Facility. In the event that the damage caused by the Casualty is such that it materially interferes with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at the Facility and the restoration and repair (i) cannot be completed or is not completed in *** days or (ii) cannot be completed by *** of any year during the Term of this Agreement, Lessee may terminate this Agreement as to such Facility effective on the date of the Casualty provided it does so by notice to Lessor no later than five (5) days after the date of the Loss Notice. During the period of restoration, the Base Rental Fee shall be equitably abated based upon the effect of the Casualty upon Lessee's ability to conduct normal business operations at the Facility. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Lessee shall be solely responsible for the repair and restoration of any temporary improvements, trade fixtures, equipment and any other property of Lessee made, installed or brought upon the Facility by Lessee.  
    
  Section 12.        Condemnation. 
    
  If any Facility shall be in its entirety taken or condemned for any public purpose this Agreement shall terminate as to such Facility, and all obligations of Lessee hereunder to pay rent, taxes, and insurance premiums as to such Facility, shall cease as of the date of condemnation. If any portion of any Facility is taken or condemned to such an extent as to, in Lessee's reasonable determination, materially interfere with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at such Facility for a period of *** days or more, Lessee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement as to such Facility by giving written notice of termination to Lessor within thirty (30) days of receiving notice of such condemnation, whereupon Lessee's rent obligations shall cease as to such Facility. If any Facility is partially condemned and Lessee determines the taking will not materially interfere with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at such Facility, Lessee shall be entitled to an equitable reduction in rent taking into account the effect upon Lessee's operations of the property so taken. Lessee shall be entitled to make a separate claim against the condemning authority for an award for the value of any of Lessee's property, for moving and relocation expenses, and for such business damages and/or consequential damages as may be allowed by law. 
    
  Section 13.         Limitations. 
    
  Neither party to this Agreement shall be liable to the other party for consequential, incidental, punitive, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits or lost savings) arising from, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement and/or the Leased Premises, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of or could have foreseen such damages, except to the extent such damages result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a party. This limitation applies regardless of the form of action, including, but not limited to, an action in law or equity.  

9 

Section 14.         Maintenance. 
    
  Subject to the limitations set forth in this   Section 14  , Lessee shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of the Leased Premises including all tanks, equipment, or improvements placed or installed on the Leased Premises, whether placed or installed by Lessee or Lessor. Lessee will maintain and operate the Leased Premises in accordance with the equipment manufacture's standards and observed historical maintenance performed at the Leased Premises. Lessee shall keep the Leased Premises free of all liens, pledges, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, leases, subleases, easements, servitudes and other encumbrances of any kind or nature. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 14  , and except for repairs and maintenance resulting from the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lessee, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents, contractors, invitees or affiliates, Lessor, and not Lessee, shall be responsible for (at its expense and without reimbursement from Lessee) any repairs and maintenance costing in excess of $*** per occurrence, to the extent necessary for the operations of Lessee's business on the Leased Premises in connection with the following improvements: (i) tank foundations, shells, floors, roof and insulation; (ii) dikes, containment areas and security fencing; (iii) scales; (iv) rail spurs, docks and dredging; (v) heaters and boilers; (vi) buildings and HV AC; (vii) Motor Control Center and Motor Starters (including VFD); (viii) pumps; (ix) mills; and (x) tank gauge systems. The $*** repair and maintenance obligation of Lessor set forth above shall not apply to the annual maintenance retooling of the mills. If replacement of a mill is required, Lessor shall replace such mill and Lessee shall reimburse Lessor the first $*** of the cost to replace said mill. 
    
  Section 15.        Possession and Access. 
    
  Lessee shall enjoy exclusive possession of the Leased Premises at all times during the term of this Agreement, and Lessor and its agents and representatives shall have limited access to the Leased Premises for the purpose of inspection, in the case of an emergency, for the purpose of showing to potential purchasers of the Facility, lenders or investors and for any other purpose contemplated by this Agreement. Lessor and its agents and representatives shall comply with Lessee's standard safety rules and access requirements while on the Leased Premises. 
    
  Section 16.         Default. 
    
  16.1        By Lessee  . Lessor may terminate this Agreement: (a) at any time for nonpayment of any sums due hereunder that are thirty (30) days past due following written notice to Lessee; or (b) if Lessee fails to perform any act or covenant under or required by this Agreement, other than a monetary default governed by   Section 16.l(a)  , within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such default, or, if such default is of a nature that it cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, Lessee fails to commence to cure same within such thirty (30)-day period and continuously pursue such cure thereafter to completion with reasonable diligence. Should Lessee fail to cure any default, then, in addition to the right to terminate this Agreement, Lessor may take any other action permissible at law or in equity. 
    
  16.2        By Lessor  . Lessee may terminate this Agreement if Lessor fails to perform any act or covenant under or required by this Agreement, provided that Lessee first provides written notice to Lessor of such alleged default and Lessor fails to cure such default within thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice, or, if such default is of a nature that cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, Lessor fails to commence to cure same within such thirty (30)-day period and continuously pursue such cure thereafter to completion with reasonable diligence. Should Lessor fail to cure such default, then Lessee may take any action permissible at law or in equity, including, without limitation, the right to terminate this Agreement, sue for damages, or  
  
   10 

sue for specific performance. Upon a default by Lessor which affects fewer than all of the Facilities, Lessee reserves the right to terminate this Agreement as to the affected Facilities and corresponding portions of the Leased Premises only. 
    
  16.3        Cross-Default  . Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Lessor and Lessee (or its affiliates) have entered into (i) that certain Facility Lease Agreement with respect to the facility located in Garden City, Georgia, (ii) that certain Facility Lease Agreement with respect to the facility located in Northumberland, Pennsylvania, (iii) those certain Facility Sublease Agreements with respect to the facility located in Ardmore, Oklahoma, (iv) that certain Facility Sublicense Agreement with respect to the facility located in Ardmore, Oklahoma, (v) that certain Facility Sublease Agreement with respect to the facility located in Catoosa (EM), Oklahoma, (vi) that certain Facility Sublicense Agreement with respect to the facility located in El Dorado, Kansas, (vii) that certain Facility Sublease Agreement with respect to the facility located in Muskogee, Oklahoma and (viii) that certain Facility Sublease Agreement with respect to the facility located in Parsons, Tennessee (each, a "  Related Agreement  "). A default by the lessee, sublessee, lessor or sublessor under a Related Agreement beyond any applicable cure period permitted under such Related Agreement shall constitute a default by the applicable party hereunder and the non-defaulting party shall have the right to take any action permitted by this   Section 16  . 
    
  Section 17.         Waiver. 
    
  Any breach under this Agreement may be waived in writing by the non-breaching party; however, such waiver shall not waive any other breach, known or unknown, and shall not constitute a future waiver of any future breach whether of similar or different character. 
    
  Section 18.        Independent Entities. 
    
  Neither party shall have authority to bind the other by any contract, representation, understanding, act, or deed concerning the other party; nor shall this Agreement be deemed to establish a partnership. Neither party shall have any right to use trademarks, trade names, or the corporate name of the other. Each party shall have the sole responsibility for the acts and compensation of its own employees, its taxes and the expenses of the conduct of its own business. 
    
  Section 19.        Assignment. 
    
  Lessee shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Lessor, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;   provided, however  , that Lessee may assign, without the prior written consent of Lessor, this Agreement or its respective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, or sublease any Facility, to an affiliate or any successor in interest of such party, including the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of such party provided that such affiliate or successor assumes in writing all of Lessee's obligations hereunder and a copy of such assumption or sublease is provided to Lessor and Lessee shall not be relieved or released from liability hereunder; provided, further, that Lessor may assign, without the prior written consent, this Agreement or its respective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to one or more subsidiaries that are directly or indirectly wholly-owned by Lessor or to any person or entity which (subject in all respects to   Section 32   of this Agreement) purchases or is otherwise a successor in interest to Lessor's right, title and interest in the Facility and Lessor agrees to provide notice thereof before, or within three (3) days following, such assignment,   provided, however  , Lessor shall have no liability to Lessee nor shall Lessee have any remedies under this Agreement for failure to provide such notice, although Lessee shall not be required to recognize such assignment until notice thereof is provided by Lessor. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns.  
  
   11 

Section 20.        Notices. 
    
  Any notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt if (i) hand delivered personally, (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, (iii) sent by Federal Express or other express carrier, fee prepaid, (iv) sent via facsimile with receipt confirmed or (v) sent via electronic email with receipt confirmed, provided that such notice or communication is addressed to the respective parties at the following addresses (or to such other address as may from time to time be designated by either party):  

if to Lessor: 
    
  SemMaterials Energy Partners, L.L.C. 
  Two Warren Place 
  6120 S. Yale A venue, Suite 500 
  Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136 
  Phone: (918) 524-5500 
  Fax: (918) 524-5805 
  Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  if to Lessee: 
    
  Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc. 
  P.O. Box 1639 
  Jackson, MS 39215-1639 
  2829 Lakeland Drive 
  Flowood, MS 39232 (physical) 
  Phone: (601) 933-3000 
  Fax: (601) 933-3350 
  Attention: President 
    
  With a copy to: 
    
  Watson   Jones, P.A. 
  P.O. Box 23546 
  Jackson, MS 39225-3546 
  2829 Lakeland Drive, Ste.1502 
  Flowood, MS 39232 (physical) 
  Phone: (601) 939-8900 
  Fax: (601) 932-4400 
  Attn: J. Kevin Watson 
    
  Section 21.        Rights Upon Termination. 
    
  The Leased Premises shall be returned to Lessor upon termination of this Agreement in substantially the same or better condition in which received by Lessee on the date of this Agreement, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Lessee shall remove (subject to   Section 7   hereof) any and all equipment or personalty, fixtures, structures, buildings, or any other improvements which Lessee installed (collectively "  Lessee Improvements  ") on the Leased Premises prior to the effective termination date of this Agreement or as promptly thereafter as reasonably practical, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the effective  
  
   12 

termination date. In addition, Lessee shall remove all of its raw materials and asphalt products ("  Lessee Inventory  ") from the Leased Premises as promptly thereafter as reasonably practical, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the effective termination date. If Lessee does not remove the Lessee Improvements and Lessee Inventory prior to the effective termination date of this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the Base Rental Fee for such thirty (30)-day period. In the event Lessee does not remove the Lessee Improvements and Lessee Inventory within thirty (30) days after the termination of this Agreement, at Lessor's option, it may deem the Lessee Improvements and Lessee Inventory as abandoned whereby Lessee shall not be entitled to any payment or other compensation therefor. In such event, Lessor may have the Lessee Improvements and Lessee Inventory removed from the Leased Premises and Lessee agrees to reimburse Lessor for the actual costs of such removal, plus a *** percent (***%) administrative fee. 
    
  Section 22.         Subordination and Estoppel Certificate 
    
  22.1        This Agreement is subject and subordinate to all mortgages, deeds of trust and related security instruments which may now or hereafter encumber the Leased Premises and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof and to each advance made or hereafter to be made thereunder. This subordination shall be self-operative and no further instrument of subordination is required. In confirmation of such subordination, however, Lessee shall, at Lessor's request, execute promptly any appropriate certificate or instrument that Lessor may request. In the event of the enforcement by the trustee or the beneficiary under any such mortgage or deed of trust of the remedies provided for by law or by any such mortgage or deed of trust, Lessee will, upon request of any person or party succeeding to the interest of said trustee or beneficiary as a result of such enforcement, automatically become the tenant of, and attorn to, such successor in interest without change in the terms or provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such successor in interest shall not be bound by: (i) any payment of Base Rental Fee for more than one month in advance; or (ii) any amendment or modification of this Agreement made without the written consent of such trustee or such beneficiary or such successor in interest. Upon request by such successor in interest, Lessee shall execute and deliver an instrument or instruments confirming the attornment herein provided for. Lessor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Lessee within thirty (30) days following the date of this Agreement nondisturbance agreements from Lessor's lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lessee. Lessor acknowledges that Lessee's inventories may serve as collateral for Lessee's financing and agrees to subordinate in writing any applicable landlord liens to the extent same may affect Lessee's inventory. 
    
  22.2         At either party's request, the other party will execute either an estoppel certificate or a three-party agreement among Lessor, Lessee and any third party dealing with the requesting party certifying to such facts (if true) and agreeing to such notice provisions and other matters as such third party may reasonably require in connection with the business dealings of requesting party and such third party. 
    
  Section 23.        Reporting Requirements. 
    
  23.1        Within fifteen (15) days after the end of each anniversary of this Agreement and following the termination of this Agreement, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor a schedule showing the amount of product, by type, received into the Facilities, processed at the Facilities and delivered from the Facilities (the "  Volumes Report  "). In addition, the Volumes Report shall specifically identify the throughput at the Facilities and any Excess Throughput Fees that are payable pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
  23.2        Within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor a certification, signed by an authorized officer of Lessee, that Lessee has paid all taxes (other than real property taxes, which shall be paid by Lessor and reimbursed by Lessee in accordance with Exhibit B) and utility payments for the prior quarter and that Lessee has otherwise kept the Leased Premises free of all liens,  
  
   13 

pledges, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, leases, subleases, easements, servitudes and other encumbrances of any kind or nature. 
    
  Section 24.         Governing Law. 
    
  This Agreement shall be deemed in all respects to have been created and entered into under the laws of the State of Oklahoma except that for disputes relating to real property the laws of the State where the Leased Premises is located shall govern. The venue of any claim, dispute or legal action arising out of or from this Agreement shall be the state or federal courts within the State of Oklahoma. 
    
  Section 25.         Entire Agreement. 
    
  This Agreement (and any exhibits and schedules attached hereto) contains the entire agreement between the parties. No modifications to this Agreement not included herein shall be valid or binding upon the parties unless made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of each party. 
    
  Section 26.         Headings. 
    
  All headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only, and the headings shall not be used to interpret or construe the intent of this Agreement.  
    
  Section 27.        Severability. 
    
  It is understood and agreed by the parties that if any part, term, or provision of this Agreement is held by the courts to be illegal or in conflict with any law, the validity of the remaining portions or provisions shall not be affected, and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced as if this Agreement did not contain the particular part, term or provision held to be invalid. 
    
  Section 28.         Binding Effect. 
    
  Each and all of the covenants, terms, and conditions of this Agreement shall extend to and firmly bind the successors, trustees, legal representatives, receivers, and assigns of the parties as though the parties were themselves bound.  
    
  Section 29.        Agreement Terms Confidential. 
    
  The terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any exhibits and schedules to this Agreement, shall be kept in confidence unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing. 

Section 30.        Title to Leased Premises; Condition of Improvements. 
    
  Lessor hereby represents and warrants to Lessee that it has good and marketable title to each Facility subject only to (i) the restrictions, covenants, conditions, easements, servitudes, liens and other encumbrances to title to such Facility (collectively, "  Encumbrances  ") that are identified in the applicable Owner's Policy of Title Insurance listed on   Exhibit C   attached hereto; (ii) liens in favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, which liens secure various obligations under and in connection with the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 20, 2008, as amended, among SemGroup Energy Partners, L.P., Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, the other lenders and agents from time to time party thereto, and the other Security Documents and Loan Documents referenced therein; (iii) rights of third  
  
   14 

parties to the Leased Premises as set forth in that certain Access and Use Agreement entered into on April 7, 2009 to be effective as of 11:59 PM CDT March 31, 2009 between SemMaterials, L.P., an Oklahoma limited partnership, and SMEP (the "  Access and Use Agreement  "); (iv) rights of third parties as set forth in that certain Terminalling and Storage Agreement entered into on April 7, 2009 to be effective as of 11:59 PM CDT March 31, 2009 between SemMaterials, L.P ., an Oklahoma limited partnership, and SMEP (the "  Terminalling and Storage Agreement  "); (v) taxes not yet due or payable or which are being contested in good faith, and mechanic's, materialman's, supplier's, vendor's or similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing amounts that are not delinquent or past due or that are being contested in good faith; and (vi) any other Encumbrances or title defects which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect the value of the leasehold estate granted herein or the ability of Lessee to use the applicable Facility for the purposes permitted under this Agreement (collectively, the "  Permitted Encumbrances  "). Lessor further represents and warrants that on the Effective Date of this Agreement, all tanks, fixtures and equipment included in the Leased Premises are in good working order; Lessor's representation and warranty as set forth in this sentence shall expire at 5:00 P.M. Central Standard Time on May 19, 2009, except to the extent claims have been made by such time, and Lessor shall have no liability thereafter to Lessee by reason of a breach of said representation and warranty. 
    
  Section 31.        Quiet Enjoyment.    
    
  Lessor covenants that if Lessee shall pay rent due hereunder and perform all of its obligations hereunder, Lessee shall, for the term of this Agreement, freely, peaceably and quietly occupy and enjoy the full possession of the Leased Premises without interruption or hindrance by Lessor, its agents or employees. 
    
  Section 32.         Rights of First Refusal; Right of First Offer. 
    
  32.1        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (including, without limitation,   Section 32.3  ), if Lessor proposes or intends to sell any Facility(s) (the "  Term Offered Facilities  ") to a third party during the Term of this Agreement then Lessee shall have the right to purchase the Term Offered Facilities (the "  Term First Refusal Right  ") on the following terms and conditions: 
    
  (a)        If Lessor executes a contract or letter of intent to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a Third Party, which transaction is expected to close during the Term of this Agreement, Lessor shall provide Lessee with written notice setting forth the Term Offered Facilities, the proposed sale price and other material terms and conditions upon which Lessor intends to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a third party (the "  Term ROFR Notice  "). Within 30 days after it receives the Term ROFR Notice (the "  Term ROFR Period  "), Lessee may deliver written notice (the "  Term Exercise Notice  ") to Lessor that Lessee is exercising its Term First Refusal Right and will purchase the Term Offered Facilities for the price and upon the terms and conditions contained in the Term ROFR Notice. If Lessee does not deliver the Term Exercise Notice to Lessor during the Term ROFR Period, then Lessor shall thereafter be free to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a third party substantially on the terms and conditions contained in the Term ROFR Notice. 
    
  (b)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Term First Refusal Right shall not apply to any mortgage of the Leased Premises or the Facilities or any portion thereof to secure the repayment of borrowings by Lessor or any of its Affiliates. A foreclosure sale by such lender shall not be a sale to which the Term First Refusal Right shall be applicable, and upon any such foreclosure sale the Term First Refusal Right shall terminate automatically and be of no further force or effect notwithstanding the existence of, or any term contained in, any non-disturbance agreement from Lessor's lenders. In clarification of the foregoing, after any such foreclosure sale, the Term First Refusal Right shall never apply. In the event of a foreclosure sale, to the extent that Lessor receives notice thereof, Lessor shall provide Lessee notice of such sale, including the date, time and place of sale, if known by Lessor; such notice to be provided  
  
   15 

by Lessor within five (5) business days following Lessor's receipt of such information, if any. As used herein, "foreclosure sale" shall include a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure. It is the intention of the parties that the Term First Refusal Right be subordinate to any mortgage presently encumbering the Leased Premises and the Facilities. 
    
  32.2        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (including, without limitation,   Section 32.3  ), if Lessor proposes or intends to sell or lease any Facility(s) (the "  Expiration Offered Facilities  ") commencing upon the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, then Lessor shall give written notice to Lessee no later than one-hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement (the "  Expiration ROFO Notice  "). Within five (5) business days after the receipt of the Expiration ROFO Notice, Lessee may elect to exercise its rights of first offer by delivering a notice of exercise ("  Expiration Exercise Notice  ") to Lessor. During the 30-day period following receipt of the Expiration Exercise Notice (the "  Expiration ROFO Period  "), Lessee shall have the right to make an offer to Lessor for the purchase or lease, as applicable, of such Expiration Offered Facilities (the "  Initial Offer  "). Lessor shall consider the Initial Offer and any other offers for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities in good faith and shall select the offer(s) that Lessor deems most attractive in its sole discretion, or no offer. If Lessor selects an offer(s) other than the Initial Offer or no offer, it shall give written notice to Lessee that it has not selected the Initial Offer (the "  Rejection Notice  ").  Lessee shall have the right to submit a revised offer (the "  Last Look Offer  ") to Lessor for the Expiration Offered Facilities within five (5) business days after receipt of the Rejection Notice. Lessor shall consider the Last Look Offer and any other offers for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities in good faith and shall select the offer(s) that Lessor deems most attractive in its sole discretion, or no offer. For the avoidance of doubt, Lessor shall not be required to provide, and Lessee shall not have the right to know, the terms or conditions of any other offer for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities. If Lessee does not deliver (i) the Expiration Exercise Notice to Lessor within five (5) business days after receipt of the Expiration ROFO Notice or (ii) the Initial Offer or the Last Look Offer to Lessor within the time periods specified above, then Lessor shall thereafter be free to sell or lease any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities to a third party or parties on such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate. 
    
  32.3        The obligation of Lessor to provide the Term ROFR Notice, the Expiration ROFO Notice and the corresponding rights of Lessee contained in this   Section 32  , including, without limitation, the Term First Refusal Right and the right to make the Initial Offer and the Last Look Offer, shall only apply if Lessee is not in default under this Agreement. In addition, the rights and obligations in this   Section 32  , including, without limitation, the Term First Refusal Right, shall not apply to any proposed sale or lease of more than two-thirds of the total asphalt facilities owned or leased by Lessor in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (collectively, a "Transfer") or to the proposed sale or lease of any Facility in connection with any such Transfer. 
    
  Section 33.         Memorandum of Lease. 
    
  Promptly upon execution of this Agreement, Lessor and Lessee shall execute and deliver a memorandum of this Agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and Lessee for recording in the land records of the jurisdictions in which the Leased Premises are located. 
    
  Section 34.         No Conflicts. 
    
  The execution, delivery and performance by SMEP and SGLP Asphalt of this Agreement does not and will not (a) violate the certificate of formation or limited liability company operating agreement of SMEP or SGLP Asphalt, (b) violate or result in a material default, or require any consent or approval, under (x) any agreement, contract or instrument to which SMEP or SGLP Asphalt is a party or to which any of the Facilities are subject, (y) any judgment, writ, order, injunction or decree of any court that is applicable to SMEP, SGLP  
  
   16 

Asphalt, or any of the Facilities, or (z) any applicable law, which violation or default or failure to have such consent or approval in the case of clauses (x) through (z) would have a material adverse effect on the ability of Lessee to conduct its normal business operations on the Leased Premises. 
    
  Section 35.         Transition Services. 
    
  Lessor is party to that certain Transition Services Agreement, dated April 7, 2009 and effective as of 11:59 p.m. CDT March 31, 2009, by and between SemGroup Energy Partners, L.P., SemGroup Energy Partners, L.L.C., SemGroup Crude Storage, L.L.C., SemPipe G.P., L.L.C. SemPipe, L.P., SemMaterials Energy Partners, L.L.C. and SGLP Asphalt L.L.C., SemCrude, L.P., SemGroup, L.P., SemMaterials, L.P. and SemManagement, L.L.C. (the "  TSA  "). From the Effective Date until June 30, 2009, Lessor agrees that any Services (as defined in the TSA) provided by Service Provider (as defined in the TSA) pursuant to Exhibit C of the TSA for the Facilities leased under this Agreement will be provided to Lessor for the benefit of Lessee, and Lessor agrees that it will not breach the TSA with respect to such Services. Lessor and Lessee agree to communicate and cooperate with each other in good faith regarding the provision of such Services. In addition, Lessor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to enforce any of its rights under the TSA as reasonably requested by Lessee relating to such Services. Such Services shall include the transition of phone lines, data lines, utilities, compliance programs and software to the extent such Services are provided pursuant to Exhibit C of the TSA. Lessee shall reimburse Lessor promptly, but no later than thirty (30) days after its receipt of the an invoice from Lessor, for any costs and expenses incurred by Lessor relating to the Services, including any amounts payable by Lessor to Service Provider (as defined in the TSA) for such Services. 
    
  Section 36.         Agreements with SemMaterials, L.P. 
    
  Lessor will remit any payments it receives from SemMaterials, L.P. under the Terminalling and Storage Agreement that relate to the Facilities leased under this Agreement for periods commencing after the Effective Date. In addition, Lessor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to enforce any of its rights under the Terminalling and Storage Agreement or the Access and Use Agreement as reasonably requested by Lessee; provided, that if Lessor incurs any costs or expenses in connection with the enforcement of such rights, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor promptly, but no later than thirty (30) days after its receipt of an invoice from Lessor, for such amounts. Lessor and Lessee agree to communicate and cooperate with each other in good faith regarding the enforcement of any rights under such agreements reasonably requested by Lessor.  
    
  Section 37.        Counterparts. 
    
  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be deemed one and the same instrument. 
    
  [Signature page follows.] 

17 

This Agreement has been executed by the authorized representatives of each Party as indicated below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 

LESSOR: 

SEMMATERIALS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.L.C. 

By: 
    /s/ Alex Stallings 

Name: 
    Alex Stallings 

Title: 
    CFO 

SGLP ASPHALT, L.L.C. 

By: 
    /s/ Alex Stallings 

Name: 
    Alex Stallings 

Title: 
    CFO 

[Signature Page to Master Facilities Lease Agreement] 

LESSEE: 

ERGON ASPHALT   EMULSIONS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ J. Baxter Burns 

Name: 
    J. Baxter Burns, II 

Title: 
    Executive Vice President 

[Signature Page to Master Facilities Lease Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A-1 
  FACILITIES 
  AUSTIN, TX 
    
  BEING 3.29 ACRES OF LAND, MORE OR LESS, OUT OF AND A PART OF TRACT 5-B, OF SUBDIVISION OF THE MRS. A.B. PAYTON ESTATE, A PORTION OF THE JAMES P. WALLACE LEAGUE, IN TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, ACCORDING TO THE MAP OR PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN/UNDER BOOK 3, PAGE 259 OF THE PLAT RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, SAID 3.29 ACRE TRACT BEING OUT OF 5.58 ACRES AS DESCRIBED IN/UNDER VOLUME 2274, PAGE 504 OF THE REAL PROPERTY RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, SAID 3.29 ACRE TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS, TO-WIT: 
    
  BEGINNING AT A 1/2 INCH IRON ROD FOUND ON THE WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE MISSOURI PACIFIC RAILROAD, SAID POINT ALSO BEING THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF LOT THREE (3) OF THE ATRIUM, A SUBDIVISION RECORDED IN VOLUME 83, PAGE 125C OF THE PLAT RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, STATE OF TEXAS; THENCE NORTH 61  07' 47" WEST, ALONG THE NORTHERLY LINE OF SAID LOT 3 (PLAT CALL IS NORTH 61  06' 34" WEST), A DISTANCE OF 403.53 FEET (PLAT CALL IS 403.29 FEET), TO A FOUND 1/2 INCH IRON ROD AT THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 3, SAID NORTHWEST CORNER ALSO BEING IN THE EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MO-PAC EXPRESSWAY; THENCE NORTHEASTERLY ALONG SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, WITH A CHORD BEARING OF NORTH 41  58' 04" EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 358.93 
  FEET, A RADIUS OF 627.07 FEET, AND AN ARC DISTANCE OF 364.01 FEET TO A FOUND TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (TXDOT) BRASS MONUMENT; THENCE CONTINUING ALONG SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, NORTH 58  37' 22" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 97.65 FEET TO A FOUND 3/4 INCH IRON ROD ON THE SOUTHERLY LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO JOHN JOSEPH, RECORDED IN VOLUME 3365, PAGE 1163 OF THE DEED RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, STATE OF TEXAS, FROM WHICH BEARS A FOUND 3/4 INCH BOLT NORTH 58  38' 17" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 84.82 FEET; THENCE SOUTH 61  11' 45" EAST, ALONG SAID SOUTHERLY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 204.56 FEET TO A FOUND 1/2 INCH IRON ROD IN THE WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE MISSOURI PACIFIC RAILROAD, FROM WHICH BEARS A FOUND 1/2 INCH BOLT, NORTH 19  49' 45" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 75.00 FEET; THENCE SOUTH 19  49' 34" WEST, ALONG SAID WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 440.07 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. 
  
   20 

DODGE CITY, KS 
    
  Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 1, Gremar Addition, a subdivision of part of the North Half (N/2) of the Northwest Quarter (NW/4) of Section 32, Township 26 South, Range 24 West of the 6th P.M., Ford County, Kansas. 
  
   21 

ENNIS, TX 
    
  TRACT I: 
    
  All that certain lot, tract or parcel of land situated in the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being part of the Claiborne Garrett Survey Abstract 383, and also being a portion of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision, an addition to the City of Ennis, as recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records of Ellis County, and being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a 1/2 inch iron rod found for comer in the westerly right-of-way line of Old Highway 75 (an unknown width public right-of-way) at the northeasterly corner of said Lot 1; 
    
  THENCE in a southerly direction along said westerly line of Old Highway 75 and along a curve to the left whose chord bears South 32 degrees 09 minutes 15 seconds East a distance of 336.57 feet and having a radius of 2924.79 feet, a central angle of 06 degrees 36 minutes 49 seconds and an arc length of 336.76 feet to a point for comer in the northerly line of a gravel road; 
    
  THENCE in a westerly and southwesterly direction along the northerly and northwesterly line of said public street the following calls: 
    
  South 55 degrees 48 minutes 50 seconds West a distance of 145.17 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 61 degrees 59 minutes 19 seconds West a distance of 230.94 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 48 degrees 06 minutes 08 seconds West a distance of 130.41 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 26 degrees 39 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 55.10 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 136.56 feet to a point for corner being the beginning of a curve to the right; 
    
  THENCE in a northerly direction along said curve to the right having a radius of 413.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds and an arc length of 128.55 feet to a point for corner being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 74.33 feet to a point for a corner; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 78.60 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 79.73 feet to a point for corner in the northerly line of said Lot 1; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 33 minutes 18 seconds East along the northerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 388.52 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 178,541 square feet or 4.0987 acres, more or less. 
    
  TRACT II 
    
  ALL that certain lot, tract or parcel of land being situated in the CLAIBORNE GARRETT SURVEY, ABSTRACT NUMBER 383, City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being those same parcels as conveyed  
  
   22 

to Owens Coming Composite Materials LLC, warranty deed recorded in Volume 2279, Page 275, Official Public Records, Ellis County, Texas, and being described as Tract Two - Tract One and Tract Two herein, with Tract Three being a portion of LOT 1, KOCH SUBDIVISION, an Addition to the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, according to the Plat thereof recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records, Ellis County, Texas, and all being more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows: 
    
  PARCEL ONE: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point for corner at the intersection of the southerly right-of-way line of Cedar Road (an apparent 50 foot wide public right-of-way) and the westerly right-of-way line of Old Highway 75 (an unknown width public right-of-way), said point also being on a curve whose radius point bears North 71 degrees 37 minutes 54 seconds East, a distance of 2924.79 feet; 
    
  THENCE Southerly, with said curve and said westerly right-of-way line, passing a found 1/2 inch iron rod at 0.28 feet, continuing through a central angle of 09 degrees 18 minutes 48 seconds, an arc distance of 4 475.42 feet to a point for corner being the northeast corner of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision as filed in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records of Ellis County, Texas; 
    
  THENCE South 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds West, departing said right-of-way line, a distance of 498.40 feet to a point for corner on the easterly right-of-way line of the Texas Midland Railroad Company property (a 30 foot wide railroad right-of-way);  
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West, along said railroad right-of-way, a distance of 494.35 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East, a distance of 388.81 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 206,786 square feet or 4.7472 acres of land, more or less. 
    
  PARCEL TWO 
    
  Being a tract or parcel of land situated in the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being part of the Claiborne Garrett Survey Abstract 383, and also being a portion of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision, an addition to the City of Ennis as recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30 of the Map Records of Ellis County, and being more particularly described as follows:  
    
  BEGINNING at a point for corner at an iron rod set in the Northwesterly line of a public street said point being the southwesterly corner of said Lot 1;  
    
  THENCE North 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds West along the westerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 156.88 feet to a point for corner being the beginning of a curve to the right; 
    
  THENCE in a Northerly direction continuing along said westerly line and along said curve to the right having a radius of 443.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds, and an arc length of 137.88 feet to a point for comer being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 24 minutes 13 seconds West continuing along said westerly line a distance of 145.08 feet to a point for corner;  
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East along the northerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 109 .88 feet to a point for corner; 

23 

THENCE South 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 79.73 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE South 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds West a distance of 78.60 feet to a point for corner;  
    
  THENCE South 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 74.33 feet to the beginning of a curve to the left; 
    
  THENCE in a southerly direction along said curve to the left having a radius of 413.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds, an arc length of 128.55 feet to a point for corner being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE South 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 136.56 feet to a point for corner in a gravel road; 
    
  THENCE South 26 degrees 39 minutes 28 seconds West along the northwesterly line of said gravel road, a distance of 36.24 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 18,881 square feet or 0.4334 acres of land, more or less. 
    
  TRACT III: 
    
  Easement Estate created in Easement dated June 7, 1977, recorded in Volume 610, Page 906, Deed Records, Ellis County, Texas; as affected by Assignment and Assumption of Easement dated December 31, 2007, filed January 16, 2008, recorded under Volume 2362, Page 2045 of the Real Property Records of Ellis County, Texas. 
  
   24 

FONTANA, CA 
    
  All that certain real property situated in the County of San Bernardino, State of California, described as follows: 
    
  Parcel No. 1: 
    
  The West 198 feet of that portion of Lot 942, described as follows: All that portion of Lot 942, according to map showing subdivisions of lands belonging to the SEMI-TROPIC LAND AND WATER COMPANY, in the City of Fontana, County of San Bernardino, State of California, as per plat recorded in Book 11 of Maps, Page 12, records of San Bernardino County, lying East of line that is 40 feet East of the East line of the railway line of the Southern Pacific Railroad right of way, Declez Spur, as described in documents recorded in Book 78 of Deeds, Page 71, records of San Bernardino County. Areas and distance computed to street centers as shown on said Map; containing 3.0 acres, more or less. 
    
  Parcel No. 2: 
    
  That portion of a vacated street formerly known as Live Oak Avenue, lying West of the West line of Lot 942, according to map showing subdivision of lands belonging to the SEMI-TROPIC LAND AND WATER COMPANY, in the City of Fontana, County of San Bernardino, State of California, as per plat recorded in Book 11 of Maps, Page 12, records of said San Bernardino County, said street being 40 feet wide and abandoned and vacated by a resolution of the City of Fontana, recorded December 12, 1966, as Document No. 583; of Official Records. 
  
   25 

HALSTEAD, KS 
    
  Lots 1 and 2, Block 1, Industrial Park, an addition to the City of Halstead, Harvey County, Kansas. 
  
   26 

LAS VEGAS, NV 
    
  All that certain real property situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as follows: 
    
  PART ONE (1): 
    
  That portion of the West half (W 1/2) of the Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of Section 31, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.M., lying Northerly of the Northerly boundary of the Union Pacific Railroad right of way. 
    
  EXCEPT the interest in the Northerly thirty (30) feet of said land conveyed to Clark County for road purposes by deed recorded January 3, 1962 in Book 335 Doc/Inst. No. 270990, Official Records, Clark County, Nevada. 
    
  APN: 162-31-605-001 
  
   27 

LAWTON, OK 
    
  Lot 1, Block 3, Lawton Industrial Park Part II, an addition to the City of Lawton, Oklahoma, Comanche County, Oklahoma, which Lot is described in the Warranty Deed recorded in Book 1450, page 38, as follows:  
    
  A tract of land described as beginning at a point on the south right of way line of the Burlington Northern Railroad, said point being 3,216.47 feet North 00 24'28" East and 977.856 feet North 85 01'03.47" West of the Southeast Corner of the Southwest Quarter of Section 31, Township 2 North, Range 12 West, I.M., Comanche County, Oklahoma; 
    
  THENCE South 00 21'22" West a distance of 382 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 89 38'38" West a distance of 320 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 00 21'22" East a distance of 215 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 33 59'11.39" West a distance of 261.236 feet; 
    
  THENCE in an easterly direction along a curve to the left having a radius of 5779.578 feet a distance of 354.065 feet; 
    
  THENCE South 85 01'03.47" East a distance of 115.935 feet to the point of beginning. 
  
   28 

LITTLE ROCK, AR 
    
  Part of the West half (W 1/2) of the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4), Northeast Quarter (NE 1/4), Section Thirty-Five (35), Township 1 North, Range 12 West, Pulaski County, Arkansas, more particularly described as follows: starting at the Northwest corner of said NE 1/4, Section 35; thence South 0 degrees 5 minutes West 326.95 feet deeded (South 1 degrees 45 minutes 29 seconds West 326.95 feet measured) along the North-South center line of Section 35 to the point of beginning; thence South 89 degrees 53 minutes East 659.8 feet deeded (South 88 degrees 12 minutes 50 seconds East 659.80 feet measured) to a point; thence South 0 degrees 03 minutes East 328.2 feet deeded (South 1 degrees 45 minutes 15 seconds West 328.20 feet measured) to a point; thence North 89 degrees 47 minutes West 660.6 feet deeded (North 88 degrees 06 minutes 20 seconds West 659.82 feet measured) to a point; thence North 0 degrees 05 minutes East 326.95 feet deeded (North 1 degrees 45 minutes 29 seconds East 326.95 feet measured) along the North-South center line of Section 35, to the point of beginning. 
  
   29 

MEMPHIS (EM), TN 
    
  PARCEL 1: 
    
  Lots 109 and 110 of the Memphis and Shelby County Port Commission's Industrial Subdivision, as shown on record in Plat Book 17, Page 2, in the Register's Office of Shelby County, Tennessee, to which plat reference is hereby made for a more particular description of said property. 
    
  PARCEL 2: 
    
  Lot 111 of the Memphis and Shelby County Port Commission's Industrial Subdivision, as shown on record in Plat Book 17, Page 2, in the Register's Office of Shelby County, Tennessee, to which plat reference is hereby made for a more particular description of said property. 
  
   30 

READING, PA 
    
  PREMISES A: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or parcel of land situate in the Township of Muhlenberg County of Berks and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and being more fully bounded and described as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of property of Windsor Service, Inc., said point being 500.68 feet more or less East of the centerline of Traffic Route 61, formerly Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike, said point being also in the northerly line of property conveyed by L.H. Focht   Son, Inc., to Windsor Service, Inc., by Deed dated September 12, 1961, in Deed Book Volume 1395, page 830; thence along property of Windsor Service, Inc., North 22 degrees 45 minutes 45 seconds East, a distance of 563.12 feet more or less and North 21 degrees 03 minutes 34 seconds West, a distance of 100.00 feet more or less to a point in line of property of L.H. Focht   Son, Inc.; thence along same North 68 degrees 56 minutes 26 seconds East, a distance of 642.087 feet more or less to a point in the westerly right of way line of the Schuylkill Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad; thence along same South 8 degrees 28 minutes West, a distance of 77.145 feet to a Pennsylvania Railroad Monument, and South 9 degrees 28 minutes West, a distance of 777 .58 feet more or less to an iron pin in line of property of Windsor Service, Inc.; thence along same South 89 degrees 30 minutes West, a distance of 642.45 feet more or less to the place of Beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING in area 9.5 acres of land, more or less.  
    
  PREMISES B: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, described according to a survey thereof made by William H. Dechant   Sons, dated December 31, 1921, as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at an iron pin in the middle of Centre Turnpike Fifty feet Southeastward, measured on a radial line from the center line of a siding leading from the Philadelphia and Reading Railway into a Quarry, known as Gehret's Quarry; thence in a general Eastward direction, concentric with and fifty feet radially from the center line of said siding, by a curve to the right, having a radius of Two hundred and Ninety-eight feet five and three-eighths inches, an arc distance of Two hundred and Fifty-eight feet nine inches to a point; thence through land of Reading Company South 02 degrees 45 minutes West Three hundred and twenty-seven feet eight and three-eighths inches to a point; and North 87 degrees 15 minutes West Two hundred and fifty feet eight and one-eighths inches to an iron pin in the middle of the Turnpike, aforesaid, and thence along the middle of said 
  Turnpike North 02 degrees 45 minutes East 330 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 2 acres. 
    
  PREMISES C: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, bounded and described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of Berks Products Corporation; said point being 500.68 feet East of Traffic Route #122, on South side of a 20 ft. wide right of way reservation; thence along property of Windsor Service, Inc., the following bearings and distances; North 0 degrees 30 minutes West 240.73 feet and North 38 degrees  
  
   31 

18 minutes 04 seconds East, a distance of 354.93 feet to a point in line of property of Berks Products Corporation; thence along property of Berks Products Corporation South 22 degrees 45 minutes 45 seconds West, a distance of 563.12 feet to the place of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING .614 acres. 
    
  PREMISES D: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or parcel of land situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, more particularly bounded and described as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in the middle of Center Turnpike, locally known as a state highway, Traffic Route 122, said point being a corner in common property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., and the herein described premises, thence along property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Incorporated, north 68 degrees 56 minutes and 26 seconds east the distance of 734 feet and 8 3/4 inches to a point, thence along property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, south 21 degrees 03 minutes 34 seconds east the distance of 100 feet to a point, thence along the property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, south 38 degrees 18 minutes 04 seconds west the distance of 354.93 feet to a point, thence along property of now or late of Berks Products Corporation south 0 degrees 30 minutes east the distance of 240 feet 8 3/4 inches to a point in line, a property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son Incorporated, thence along the said property now or 
  late of L.H. Focht and Son Incorporated, south 89 degrees 30 minutes west, the distance of 250 feet to a point, a corner of Arthur L. Walborn, thence along property of Arthur L. Walborn, north 0 degrees 30 minutes west the distance of 327 feet 8 3/8 inches to a point, thence still along same by a line curving to the left, having a radius of 298 feet 5 3/8 inches, the distance of 258 feet 9 inches to a point in the aforementioned Center Turnpike, thence along the middle of the said Turnpike north 0 degrees and 30 minutes west, the distance of 22 feet 11 1/8 inches to the place of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 4 acres 19.7 perches. 
    
  RESERVING AND EXCEPTING therefrom, however, unto the said Berks Products Corporation, its successors and assigns, a 20 feet wide right of way along the southern boundary line of the herein conveyed property and extending from property of Arthur L. Walborn to property now or late of Berks Products Corporation, for a distance of 250 feet, more particularly bounded and described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., and a corner of the above described tract, thence along property of Arthur L, Walborn, North 0 degrees and 30 minutes West, the distance of 20 feet to a point, thence along the above described tract (leased herein), North 89 degrees and 30 minutes East, the distance of 250 feet to a point in line of property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, thence along property of now or late of Berks Products Corporation, South 0 degrees and 30 minutes East, the distance of 20 feet to a point in line of property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., thence along property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., South 89 degrees and 30 minutes West, the distance of 250 feet to the place of beginning. 
    
  PREMISES E: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or piece of ground situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, bounded and described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a drill hole in the center line of Pennsylvania State Highway U.S. Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike, and in line between lands now or late of G.W. Focht Stone Company and the Texas Oil Company; thence along said line South 86 degrees 36 minutes East, a distance of 1141.34 feet to an iron pin  
  
   32 

in the westerly right-of-way line of the Schuylkill Valley Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad; thence along the same South 13 degrees 15 3/4 minutes West a distance of 222.79 feet to an iron pin in line of property now or late of Reading Company; thence along the same South 79 degrees 52 minutes West a distance of 877.74 feet to an iron pin; thence still along the same North 3 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 350 feet to an iron pin; thence still along the same North 86 degrees 36 minutes West a distance of 250 feet to a drill hole in the center line of said Pennsylvania State Highway U.S. Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike; thence along the same North 03 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 75 feet to the place of Beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 6 acres and 133.66 perches. 
    
  EXCEPTING AND RESERVING therefrom a tract of land containing 8.38 Acres; Koch Properties Site being Lot 2 on Subdivision Plan recorded in Plan Book 240, Page 1, conveyed to New Penn Motor Express, Inc., dated December 15, 1999 in Volume 3161, Page 1778.  
    
  The above premises A through E which are contiguous parcels, are further described in accordance with a survey by Ludgate Engineering Corporation dated 3-29-05, Drawing No. D4200405, as follows: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN parcel of ground with the improvements thereon situate in Muhlenberg Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, being on the east side of Pottsville Pike, shown on a plan prepared by Ludgate Engineering Corporation, Plan No. E-4200499, and being more fully bounded and described as follows TO WIT: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in the pavement of Pottsville Pike, a corner of lands of Gary D. and Mary D. Wolfe; thence along lands of Wolfe North 67 degrees 53 minutes 26 seconds East 1044.59 feet to a point, a corner of Lot #2; thence along Lot #2 the sixteen following courses and distances: 
    
  1.        South 09 degrees 03 minutes 57 seconds East 406.52 feet to a point. 
    
  2.        South 20 degrees 21 minutes 16 seconds West 52.85 feet to a point. 
    
  3.        South 61 degrees 17 minutes 05 seconds West 122.29 feet to a point. 
    
  4.         South 83 degrees 00 minutes 41 seconds West 81.96 feet to a point. 
    
  5.         North 68 degrees 17 minutes 25 seconds West 37.12 feet to a point. 
    
  6.         North 37 degrees 16 minutes 56 seconds West 57.59 feet to a point. 
    
  7.         South 54 degrees 51 minutes 42 seconds West 10.47 feet to a point, a corner of Lot #1. 
    
  8.         South 20 degrees 51 minutes 15 seconds West 49.50 feet to a point. 
    
  9.         South 39 degrees 15 minutes 53 seconds West 222.48 feet to a point. 
    
  10.         South 37 degrees 22 minutes 09 East 43.29 feet to a point. 
    
  11.         South 83 degrees 46 minutes 15 seconds East 38.25 feet to a point. 
    
  12.         South 21 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds East 44.38 feet to a point. 
    
  13.         South 15 degrees 50 minutes 35 seconds West 31.38 feet to a point. 

33 

14.         South 20 degrees 11 minutes 53 seconds East 158.06 feet to a point. 
    
  15.         South 75 degrees 18 minutes 33 seconds West 176.94 feet to a point. 

Thence along Giorgio Foods, Inc., the three following courses and distances: 
    
  1.         South 75 degrees 18 minutes 33 seconds West 311.46 feet to a point. 
    
  2.         North 01 degree 21 minutes 42 seconds West 348.92 feet to an iron pipe. 

Thence in and along Pottsville Pike North 01 degree 18 minutes 04 seconds West 427.93 feet to a point, the place of BEGINNING. 
    
  CONTAINING 14.40 Acres. 
    
  Tax ID/Parcel No. 66-5309-19-51-9494 
    
  BEING THE SAME PREMISES which Koch Materials Company, a Delaware corporation, by Deed dated May 27, 2005, but made effective as of May 31, 2005, and recorded June 7, 2005, in the Recorder of Deeds Office in and for Berks County, PA, in Book 4596, page 1495, granted and conveyed unto SemMaterials, LP, an Oklahoma limited partnership. 
  
   34 

SALINA, KS 
    
  TRACT A: A tract in the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of the Northeast Quarter (NE 1/4) of Section Eleven (11), Township Fourteen (14) South, Range Three (3) West of the 6   th    P .M., Saline County, Kansas, which is described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at the Northwest corner of said NE/4; thence South along the West line of said NE/4, 378.92 feet; thence East 93.61 feet; thence North 122.22 feet; thence S88 25'00"E, 621.84 feet to the West Right-of-Way Line of Dry Creek Channel; thence N05 22'00"E 272.80 feet to the North line of said NE/4; thence N89 49'26" W along said North line 740.73 feet to the point of beginning; said property including all or a substantial portion of portion of Lot Five (5), Block One (1), Final Plat of Hixson-Lehenbaurer Subdivision PUD, Saline County, Kansas. 
    
  As measured: 
    
  Beginning at the Northwest corner of said NE/4; thence South along the West line of said NE/4, 378.69 feet; thence East 93.66 feet; thence North 122.11 feet; thence S88 31'47"E, 621.79 feet to the West Right-of-Way line of Dry Creek Channel; thence N05 24'37"E, 271.50 feet to the North line of said NE/4; thence N89 49'26"W along said North line 741.03 feet to the point of beginning; said property including all or a substantial portion of Lot Five (5), Block One (1), Final Plat of Hixson-Lehenbaurer Subdivision PUD, Saline County, Kansas. 
    
  TRACT B: A tract of land in the South Half of Section 2, Township 14 South, Range 3 West of the 6th Principal Meridian in Saline County, Kansas more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at the SW Corner of the SE 1/4 of Section 2, Township 14 South, Range 3 West; thence east along the south line of said SE 1/4 of an assumed bearing of N89 15'14"E a distance of 1270.13 feet to the center of the old channel of Dry Creek; thence along center of the channel of Dry Creek on the following described courses; 1. N02 33'00"E, 37.00 feet; 2. Nl4 02'00"W, 50.00 feet; 3. N29 34'00"W, 60.00 feet; 4. N54 55'00"W, 47.00 feet; 5. N58 46'00"W, 46.00 feet; 6. N87 32'00"W, 59.00 feet; 7. S76 50'00"W, 32.00 feet; 8. S68 24'00"W, 120.00 feet; 9. N59 38'00"W, 45.00 feet; 10. N33 27'00"W, 184.00 feet; 11. Nl6 40'00"E, 114.00 feet; 12. N06 13'00"W, 112.00 feet; 13. N30 57'00"E, 47.00 feet; 14. N67 30'00"E, 57.00 feet; 15. N38 57'00"E, 43.00 feet; 16. N37 03'00"W, 38.00 feet; 17. N64 4l'00"W, 96.00 feet; 18. N46 53'00"W, 54.00 feet; 19. Nl3 37'00"W, 87.00 feet; 20. N20 27'00"E, 56.00 feet; 21. N57 56'00"E, 45.00 feet; 22. N78 05'00"E, 54.00 feet; 23. S79 04'00"E, 70.00 feet; 24. S71 11'00"E, 170.00 feet; 25. S74 29'00"E, 72.00 feet; 26. S23 36'00"E, 52.00 feet; 27. S0l 043'00"W, 40.00 feet; 28. Sl3 54'00"W, 148.00 feet; 29. S05 18'00"E, 62.00 feet; 30. S47 00'00"E, 45.00 feet; 31. S71 48'00"E, 87.00 feet; 32. S88 10'00"E, 40.00 feet; 33. N49 00'00"E, 31.00 feet; 34. N39 20'00"E, 59.00 feet; 35. N00 18'00"E, 45.00 feet; 36. N03 28'00"W, 121.00 feet; 37. Nl0 48'00"E, 102.00 feet; 38. Nl0 12'00"E, 120.00 feet; 39. N04 06'00"W, 24.71 feet; thence leaving the center of the channel of Dry Creek S89 15'14"W, 1714.94 feet to a point on the Easterly right-of-way of the Union Pacific Railroad; thence S 11 37'44"E, along said Easterly right-of-way 962.19 feet to a point on the South line of the SW 1/4 of said Section 2; thence N89 36'26"E, 108.58 feet back to the Point of Beginning. 
  
   35 

NORTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 
    
  PARCEL 1: 
    
  A parcel of land lying in the Southeast Quarter of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, being more particularly described as follows:  
    
  Commencing at a point North 1830.40 feet and West 747.0 feet from the Southeast corner of said Section 35; and running thence South 8  49'35" West 403.76 feet to the beginning of a curve to the right, having a central angle of 58  28'40", a radius of 358.10 feet; thence along the arc of said curve 365.49 feet to the point of tangent; thence South 89  53'35" West 81.93 feet; thence North 0  06'25" West 569.73 feet to the Southerly right of way of Moss Street; thence North 89  53'35" East 449.18 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Parcel ID# 06-086-0032 
    
  PARCEL 2: 
    
  A parcel of land which lies within the Southeast Quarter of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, said parcel being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at a point which lies North 1830.40 feet and West 1196.18 feet from the Southeast corner of said Section 35, said point also lies on the South right-of-way line of 1100 North Street (Moss Street by deed); and running thence South 89  53'35" West along said right of way line 102.29 feet; thence South 00  06'25" East 155.71 feet; thence South 89  53'35" West 280.00 feet; thence South 00  06'25" East 414.02 feet; thence North 89  53'35" East 382.29 feet; thence North 00  06'25" West 569.73 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Above described parcel 2 contains 4.00 acres, more or less. Parcel 2 is subject to right-of-way for road and railroad purposes over the South 22.50 feet. 
    
  Parcel ID# 06-086-0072 
    
  PARCEL 3: 
    
  Beginning at a point North 1830.40 feet and West 1196.18 feet and South 89 53'35" West 102.29 feet, (Deed= West 1298.47 feet) from the Southeast corner of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Meridian; said point also lies on the South right of way line of 1100 North Street (Moss Street); and running thence along said street North 89 53'35" West 280.70 feet; thence South 0 06'25" West 155.71 feet; thence South 89 53'35" East 280.00 feet; thence North 0 06'25" East 155.71 feet to point of beginning. 
    
  Above described parcel contains 1.00 Acres, more or less. 
    
  Parcel ID # 06-086-0071 
  
   36 

WOODS CROSS, UTAH 
    
  Beginning on the South line of a street at a point South 89 45'00" East 352.96 feet along the monument line and South 09 18'45" West 33.42 feet and South 89 45' East 1148.53 feet from the center line intersection of 1500 South and 1100 West Streets (said intersection being further described as North: 925,985.92 feet, East: 1,886,318.26 feet, Utah State Coordinate System (Central Zone)) and running thence South 89 45'00" East 129.86 feet along said street to the West line of O.S.L. Railroad Right-of-Way, thence South 14 55'15" West 1297.14 feet along said right-of-way line of Section 25, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian; thence North 89 42'56" West along said section line 1149.91 feet to the East right-of-way line of the Denver Rio Grande Railroad which point is North 89 42'56" West 104.12 feet from the Southeast 
  corner of Section 26, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian; thence North 09 18'45" East 861.41 feet along said right-of-way to a point of curvature to a 288.34-foot radius curve to the right and the centerline of a railroad spur; thence along said centerline for an arc distance of 274.62 feet (central angle = 54 34'12" chord bearing and distance = North 62 30' 14" East 264.36 feet); thence South 89 40'01" East 325.17 feet; thence South 0 22'09" West 19.60 feet; thence South 89 40'01" East 101.00 feet; thence North 0 22'09" East 19.60 feet; to the centerline of a railroad spur; thence South 89 40'01" East 409.16 feet along said spur to a point of curvature to a 326.71-foot radius curve to the left; thence along the arc of said curve for a distance of 99.57 feet (central angle = 17 27' 44" chord bearing and distance = North 82 39'50" East 99.19 feet); thence North 9 49'13" East 272.34 feet to the point of beginning.  
    
  Boundary Description 
    
  A parcel of land situated in the Southwest quarter of Section 25 and the Southeast quarter of Section 26, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, being more particularly described as follows:  
    
  Beginning at the Southwest corner of said Section 25 (basis of bearing being South 89 47'14" West 2659.17' between the South quarter corner and the Southwest corner of Section 25, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian); and running thence along the section line South 89 59'55" West 105.35 feet to a point on the East right of way line of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, thence along said right of way line North 09 02'28" East 867.77 feet to a point on the Southwest corner of that certain tract of land (Tax ID# 06-050-0110 as recorded in the Davis County Recorders Office) said point also being a point on a 288.37 foot radius curve to the right; thence along said property the following (8) calls; 1) 267.31 feet along the arc of said curve through a central angle of 53 06'38" (chord bears North 62 44'34" East 257.84 feet); 2) North 89 50'47" East 325.17 feet; 3) South 0 07'07" East 19.60 feet; 4) North 89 50'29" East 101.00 feet; 5) North 0 07'07" West 19.60 feet; 6) north 89 50'47" East 409.16 feet to a point on a 326.71 foot radius curve to the left; 7) 99.58 feet along the arc of said curve through a central angle of 17 27'48" (chord bears North 82 10'33" East 99.19 feet); 8) North 09 19'55" East 272.54 feet to a point on the South right-of-way line of 1500 South Street; thence along said right-of-way line North 89 45'29" East 135.81 feet to a point on the West right-of-way line of the Union Pacific Railroad; thence along said right-of-way line South 14 49'48" West 1299.75 feet to a point on the South line of said Section 25; thence along said Section line South 89 47'13" West 1041.14 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Contains 1,192,140 square feet, or 27.368 Acres. 

37 

EXHIBIT A-2 
    
  RAIL LEASES 
    
  Dodge City, Kansas 
    
  Lease of Land (Short Term) (Contract No. 157011) between The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company, predecessor in interest to The Burlington and Northern Santa Fe Railway Company, and Kansas Emulsions, Inc., predecessor in interest to SemMaterials, L.P., dated February 12, 1979, as amended. 
    
  Las Vegas, Nevada 
    
  Lease (Audit No. 505-73) between Los Angeles   Salt Lake Railroad Company and Union Pacific Railroad Company and Conoco, Inc., predecessor in interest to K.C. Asphalt, L.L.C., dated April 20, 1987, as amended.  
    
  Memphis (EM), Tennessee 
    
  Lease between The Memphis Grain and Hay Association and Southern States Asphalt Co., a division of Ashland Oil, Inc., predecessor in interest to SemMaterials, L.P., dated April 24, 1989. 

38 

EXHIBIT A-3 
    
  EXCLUDED ASSETS 
  
   39 

EXCLUDED ASSETS LISTING 
  Page 1 of 2, 5/18/09 
  file: Excluded Assets Listing051809.doc 
    
  HALSTEAD, KS 
    
  Skid #1 
  1 - Viking N324A pump unit w/50hp motor 
  1 - SquareD E-FLEX VF Drive 
  4 - 4" Sharpe gate valves 
  1 - 4" Sharpe ball valve w/actuator 
  1 - Control Panel 
  Skid#2 
  3 - Viking L 124A pump units w/10hp motors 
  3 - SquareD E-FLEX VF Drive 
  1 - Control Panel 
  Skid#3 
  1 - Goulds 3656, 4x6-13 pump w/30hp motor 
  1 - Tranter heat exchanger, model GXD-051-H-5-UP-191 
  1 - SquareD E-FLEX VF Drive 
  1 - Control Panel 
  Skid#4 
  Charlotte G100-125 mill with 100hp motor   starter 
  2 - 4" Krohne mass flow meters   transmitters 
  1 - 2" Krohne mass flow meter   transmitter 
  5 - 4" Sharpe gate valves 
  2 - 4" Sharpe 3-way valves 
  2 - 2" Sharpe gate valves 
  1 - 2" Sharpe globe valve 
  1 - 2" Sharpe 3-way valve w/actuator 
  1 - 2" Sharpe ball valve w/actuator 
  1 - Control Panel 
  Skid#5 
  1 - Viking N324A pump unit w/50hp motor 
  3 - Goulds 3296, 2x3-8 pumps w/30hp motors 
  4 - SquareD E-FLEX VF Drives 
  1 - Control Panel 
  1 - 2" Krohne mass flow meter   transmitter 
  8 - 4" Sharpe gate valves 
  1 - 2" Sharpe globe valve 
  1 - 2" Sharpe gate valve 
  5 - 2" Sharpe ball valves w/actuators 
  2 - 2" Bonney Forge check valves 
  All piping and pumps are electric heat traced 

LITTLE ROCK, AR 
    
  27 ea - tanker trailers (Attachment I) 
  
   40 

EXCLUDED ASSETS LISTING 
  Page 2 of 2, 5/18/09 

NORTH SALT LAKE CITY/WOODS CROSS, UTAH 
    
  2ea - 40,000 gal tanks (already loaded on lowboy for shipment) 
    
  MEMPHIS, TN 
    
  1990 Peterbilt VIN 1XP-5DB9X-0-LN-288130 
    
  21ea - tanker trailers (Attachment II) 
    
  ROLLING STOCK - LOCATIONS MAY VARY FROM LOCATION SHOWN 
    
  See Attached Spreadsheet (Attachment III) 
    
  See Attached Spreadsheet (Attachment IV) 
    
  ADDITIONAL MISC. EQUIPMENT @ VARIOUS LOCATIONS 
    
  See Attached Spreadsheet (Attachment V) 
    
  See Attached Spreadsheet (Attachment VI) 
    
  See Attached Spreadsheet (Attachment VII) 

41 

(Attachment I) 

42 

(Attachment II) 
    
  Trailer Serial Numbers and Unit Numbers 

43 

(Attachment III) 

44 

(Attachment IV) 

45 

(Attachment IV) 

46 

(Attachment V) 
    
                           Product 
    Last Update 
    Contact 
    Location 
    Phone 
    Estimate 
    Description 
      Tanks 

Meters/Controls 

3-inch CMF-Series Mass Meter 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

MicroMotion, Came from CC Plant 
      2-inch F-Series Mass Meter 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

MicroMotion, Came from CC Plant 
      2-inch R-Series Mass Meter 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

MicroMotion, Came from CC Plant 
      2-inch R-Series Mass Meter 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

MicroMotion, Came from CC Plant 
      2-inch R-Series Mass Meter 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

MicroMotion, Came from CC Plant 

Boilers 

Hot Oil Heaters 

Heaters/Exchangers 

Brown Fintube Heat Exchangers 
      
    Bill Ennis 
    Glen Allen, VA 
    2) 964-08 
    NA 
    Virginia Power has (16) 14,480 sq. ft heat exchangers available 
      Stack Economizers for boiler 
      
    Tim Weatherman 
    Halstead, KS 

New in box - Unit #1 
      Stock Economizers for boiler 
      
    Tim Weatherman 
    Halstead, KS 

New in box - Unit 

47 

Mixers 

Valves 

Pumps 

PS-II lip seals for QS-224 pumps - need to be reb 
      
    Gary Shouse 
    Dodge 
    20)225-2264 

Misc Equipment 

Mill Equipment 

Emulsion mill w/oiler 
      
    Jim Catron 
    Austin, TX 

Came from CC 
      IKA Mill (replaced with Dalworth) 
      
    Mark Taylor 
    North Salt Lake 

Already Shipped per Bob Walley 

Motors   Electrical 

48 

(Attachment VI) 
    
  Equipment        Qty        Location                Project 
                                                     Tanks 
      Acid Scrubber Tank 
    1 
    Not Shipped Yet 
    Catoosa Chemical Upgrade Project - Ergon Does not Agree 
      Chemical Tank (Size ????) 
    1 
    Not Shipped Yet 
    Catoosa Chemical Upgrade Project - Ergon Does not Agree 
      20,000 Gal Vert. Tank 
    1 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 
      39,000 Gal Tank w/platforms and ladders 
    6 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 
      10,000 Gal Tank (Fiberglass) 
    1 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 

Meters/Controls 
      3  Invalco Turbine Meter s/ Totalizer 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      Schneider Square-D Control Panel 
    1 
    Not Shipped Yet 
    North Sale Lake IKA Installation 

Boilers 

Hot Oil Heaters 

Heaters/Exchangers 

Mixers 
      Mixmor G-14 
    3 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 
      Mixmor HV-1 
    1 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 
      Mixmor HV-3 
    5 
    Garden City, GA 
    Florida Project 

49 

Valves 
      4  WKM Air Actuated Ball Valve 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 

Pumps 

Misc. Equipment 
      Video Cameras 
    5 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      19  LCD Video Monitors 
    4 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      Quad Video Processors 
    2 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      2 Channel Fiber Optic Video Transmitter and Receiver 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      BOL Station Computer, Monitor   Printer 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      OPW Swivel Joints with Spring Swivels, Spring, Drop Swivels 
    3 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      OPW Downfeed Swivel with Drop Swive. 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 
      Portable EM skids 
    4 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 

Mill Equipment 

Motors   Electrical 
      12 Unit Tank Level Display Pannel 
    1 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project, Already shipped per Mike Hoist 

50 

(Attachment VII) 

Work                               Amount            Contractor               Location                      Project 
                       Entrance Road   Fence 
    $ 111,550.90 
    Las Vegas Paving 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project 
      Load Rack Scales 
    $ 126,723.00 
    Mettler-Toledo 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project 
      Load Rack Structures (AC   Emulsion), water piping 
    $ 207,890.00 
    FHI 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project 
      Entrance Landscaping 
    $     4,830.00 
    Pyro Combustion 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project 
      Load Rack Cameras 
    $     5,865.00 
    Pyro Combustion 
    Las Vegas, NV 
    Las Vegas Emulsion Project 
      Ennis Real Fall Protection (1) 
    ???? 
    Fall Protection Systems 
    Ennis, TX 
    Ennis Rail Fall Protection Project - Ergon Does Not Agree 

(1)- Amount paid is a partial payment 

51 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  FEES 
    
  Base Rental Fee: 
    
  Lessee shall pay to Lessor the monthly base rental fees for each Facility as set forth on   Exhibit B-1   hereto, payable in advance on or before the first day of each month, commencing on June 1, 2009 (the "  Base Rental Fee  "). The Base Rental Fee for any partial month during the Term shall be proportionately reduced to reflect the actual time period. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Lessee has delivered to Lessor the first month's Base Rental Fee. 
    
  In addition to the Base Rental Fee, Lessee shall pay to Lessor an amount equal to Property Taxes and Insurance Premiums (as hereafter defined) attributable to the Leased Premises. Lessee shall pay Property Taxes on a monthly basis with each monthly payment equal to 1/12 of the prior year's Property Taxes for the Facility. After Property Taxes for the current year are paid, Lessee or Lessor, as applicable, will pay the other party an amount equal to the difference of the actual Property Taxes paid for such year and the aggregate monthly payments that have been made by Lessee for such year.  Lessor shall provide reasonable backup documentation of Property Taxes and Insurance Premiums. For purposes of this   Exhibit B  : "Insurance Premiums" shall mean premiums payable by Lessor for the property insurance which Lessor is required to carry pursuant to   Section 11.6   hereof. 
    
  Excess Throughput Fee: 
    
  Lessee shall also pay to Lessor a fee of *** and No/l00 Dollars ($***) per ton (the "  Excess Throughput Fee  ") of base asphalt product which is handled, produced, sold or delivered from the Leased Premises by Lessee with respect to each Facility that is in excess of the quantity of base asphalt product for such Facility set forth on   Exhibit B-1   hereto (the "  Excess Throughput Quantity  "). Excess Throughput Fees shall accrue annually (from the first day of each Contract Year though the last day of each Contract Year), and shall be due on or before the thirtieth (30th) day following the end of each Contract Year. Excess Throughput Fees shall be subject to audit by Lessor.   
    
  For purposes of this Agreement, "  Contract Year  " means a period of 365 consecutive days commencing on the Effective Date and each successive period of 365 consecutive days during the Term of this Agreement with the exception of any Contract Year in which February has 29 days when the period will be 366 consecutive days. 
    
  Utilities and Taxes: 
    
  Lessee is solely responsible for all utilities relating to the Facility and any associated deposits and all such utilities shall be in Lessee's name. Lessee will directly pay when due the actual cost of the utilities used at the Facility. Lessee shall be solely responsible for all costs of manufacturing finished asphalt products at the Facility.   
    
  Lessee shall be responsible for, and shall indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from and against, all taxes, including but not limited to sales, use, personal property and income (Lessee's) taxes generated from or otherwise related to Lessee's use of the Facility(s). 

52 

Adjustments: 
    
  All fees, including the Base Rental Fee, will be escalated May 15, 2010 and every January 1st thereafter by the percentage change, if any, in the Consumer Price Index - All Urban Consumers - all items less food and energy (U.S. city average base 1982-84 = 100) ("CPI"), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, for the last two calendar years for which data is available based on the average of the monthly CPI data for November to October of the most current year available compared to the same months of the prior year. In no event shall any of the fees de-escalate. 

53 

EXHIBIT B-1 
    
  BASE RENTAL FEE AND EXCESS THROUGHPUT FEE BY FACILITY 
    
                   Facility 
    Base Rental Fee  
  Per Month 
    Excess Throughput  
  Quantity (Tons) 
      Austin, TX 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Dodge City, KS 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Ennis, TX 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Fontana, CA 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Halstead, KS 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Las Vegas, NV 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Lawton, OK 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Little Rock, AR 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Memphis (EM), TN 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Reading, PA 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Salina, KS 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Salt Lake City, UT 
    $*** 
    *** 
      Woods Cross, UT 
    $*** 
    *** 

54 

EXHIBIT C 
    
  OWNERS' POLICIES OF TITLE INSURANCE 

4.  
    Owner's Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation, Policy/File Number 09220523, dated March 20, 2008, with respect to the Facility located in Fontana, California. 

6.  
    Owner's Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation, Policy/File Number 08501120, dated March 18, 2008, with respect to the Facility located in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

8.  
    Owner's Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation, Policy Number A75-Z127831, dated March 19, 2008, with respect to the Facility located in Little Rock, Arkansas. 

10.  
    Owner's Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation, Policy Number O-C29Z0-10617, dated May 7, 2008, with respect to the Facility located in N. Salt Lake City, Utah. 

55 

EXHIBIT D 
    
  GENERALIZED SCOPE OF WORK 
  BASELINE ENVIRONMENTAL SITE ASSESSMENTS 
  SEMMATERIALS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.L.C. ACQUISITIONS 
    
  The following summarizes a generalized scope of work for upcoming Phase I and limited scope Phase II Environmental Site Assessments in general accordance with ASTM standard's 1527-E-05 and E-1903-02 and EPA's All Appropriate Inquiry rule (40 CFR 312). The results of Phase I/II assessment activities will be combined to into a Baseline Environmental Site Assessment report or BESA organized as outlined in the example table of contents provided in Attachment 1. The scope of each BESA will include the following subject to site-specific conditions: 
    
  Phase I ESA Activities 
           1. 
    Provide site description and physical setting; 
              2.  
    Complete environmental liens review through database, legal records review, and review of provided information   list environmental conditions or restrictions; 
              3.  
    Complete EDR Environmental Records Review and follow-up with onsite record's review and interviews at local, state, and/or Federal regulatory agency if, necessary; 
              4.  
    Collect historical aerial photographs from reliable sources in a scale adequate to resolve potential onsite and neighboring property usage areas of concern over the past 50 years or since its development. These areas could include, but are not limited to, former surface impoundments, debris piles, container storage areas, and areas of construction and demolition. 
              5.  
    Complete site reconnaissance and evaluate current site conditions as well as attempt to determine or validate historical land usage practices both onsite and on neighboring properties. 
              6.  
    Conduct   document telephone/in-person interviews with personnel knowledgeable of current/past onsite and neighboring property usage practices. 
              7.  
    Establish, describe, and illustrate on a site plan all designated Areas of potential Environmental Concern (AECs) as well as its subset of ASTM-defined Recognized Environmental Conditions (RECs). 
              8.  
    As Phase I information evolves in advance of field mobilization, begin to establish AECs and prepare a proposed Phase II sampling and analysis plan (SAP) for review by Lessee. Lessee shall provide a copy of the SAP to Lessor and provide Lessor at least five (5) business days' to review and provide comment on the SAP in advance of any scheduled site visit. 
       
  Phase II ESA Activities 
           1. 
    Based on the information available during the first day of Phase I field reconnaissance, submit a revised SAP with schematic for Lessee approval; provided prior to approval Lessee shall consult with Lessor's representative participating in the site visit concerning and revisions to the plans for soil sampling and provided further that Lessor's representative shall have approval rights with respect to any groundwater sampling, which approval shall be in Lessor's sole discretion. Include boring location, depth intervals of interest, number of samples, and constituents of concern (COCs). All testing may be completing using EPA SW-846 test methods and a Level II QA/QC data deliverable. CLP-level data packages may be collected from any site with historical solid waste management units, underground storage tanks, and historical or active remediation. 
              2.  
    Organize field visits with the flexibility to complete soil and any Lessor-approved groundwater borings using a track-mounted Geoprobe 6620 or similar or suitable for site-specific geologic conditions. Be prepared to drill through (and repair) concrete and asphalt. 
              3.  
    All borings should be continuously sampled and logged to target depths using Geoprobe Dual Case tools which is intended to avoid cross-contamination and false positives. 
     
   56 

4.  
    Collect   log headspace readings from each interval using a Photo Ionization Detector (PID). 
              5. 
    Samples should be collected from various points within a boring or AEC to attempt to vertically- and horizontally-bound the impact. Borings that encounter free phase non-aqueous liquids should be immediately plugged and abandoned by grouting the hole with the dual cased system still in the hole. All other borings should be grouted the same way upon reaching total depth unless the boring is considered clean based on field screening. 
              6.  
    Groundwater samples should be collected using Geoprobe's grab groundwater sampling system (GSP) unless site conditions or the magnitude of a problem warrant the installation of either a temporary monitoring point (TMP). TMPs should be installed through the dual casing using five feet of I inch I.D. prepacked screen followed with two feet of sand and coated   bentonite pellets. Following the placement of the bentonite seal the casing can be pulled. 
              7.  
    Unless approved by Lessee, all borings and TMPs must be properly abandoned and grouted to the surface. 
              8.  
    Field logs and log book shall be maintained in accordance with EPA Region IV SOPs and submitted to Lessee with the final report. 

57 

Sample BESA Report 
    
  Table of Contents 

Sample BESA Report Table of Contents 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS      [SAMPLE] 
    
  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
    
  1.0         INTRODUCTION 
  1.1        ORGANIZATION OF REPORT 
  1.2         FIELD METHODS AND PROCEDURES 
  1.2         DATA QUALITY OBJECTIVES 
    
  2.0         ASTM PHASE I ESA INTRODUCTION 
    
  2.1         GENERAL 
  2.1.2         Purpose 
  2.1.3         Scope of Services 
  2.1.4         Significant Assumptions 
  2.1.5         Limitations and Exceptions of Assessment 
  2.1.6         Special Terms and Conditions 
  2.1.7         User Reliance 
  2.1.8         EPA "All Appropriate Inquiry" Statutory Criteria Compliance 
    
  2.2         SITE DESCRIPTION AND PHYSICAL SETTING 
  2.2.1         Location and Legal Description 
  2.2.2         Site and Vicinity Characteristics 
  2.2.1         Surficial Characteristics/ Onsite Soil Examination 
  2.2.2         Geology and Hydrogeology 
  2.2.3         Radon 
  2.2.4         Wetlands 
  2.2.3         Current Uses of the Property 
  2.2.4         Current Uses of Adjoining Properties 
    
  2.3         USER PROVIDED INFORMATION 
  2.3.1         Title Records 
  2.3.2         Environmental Liens or Activity and Use Limitations 
  2.3.3         Specialized Knowledge 
  2.3.4         Valuation Reduction for Environmental Issues 
    
  2.4         RECORDS REVIEW 
  2.4.1         Standard Environmental Record Sources, Federal and State 
  2.4.1.1        National Priorities List 
  2.4.1.2        Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Corrective Action  
    Facilities 
  2.4.1.3        RCRA Treatment, Storage, and Disposal Facilities 
  2.4.1.4        CERCLA, NPL, and No Further Remedial Action Plan 
  2.4.1.5        Emergency Response Notification System 
  2.4.1.6        RCRIS Large Quantity Generator 
  2.4.1.7        RCRIS Small Quantity Generator 
  2.4.1.8        State Priority List 
  2.4.1.9        Solid Waste Landfills 
  
   Baseline Environmental Site Assessment                                                                            Page    i    

2.4.1.10        Leaking Underground Storage Tanks 
  2.4.1.11         Underground Storage Tanks 
    2.4.2        Physical Setting 
  2.4.2.1         Topographical Maps 
  2.4.2.2                 Soil Survey 
    2.4.3        Historical Aerial Photograph Review 
    2.4.4         Historical Use Information/Past Uses of the Property 
    2.4.5         Historical Use Information/Past Uses of the Adjoining Properties 
           
    2.5         INFORMATION FROM SITE RECONNAISSANCE 
    2.5.1         Methodology and Limiting Conditions 
    2.5.2         General Site Setting 
    2.5.3         Exterior/Interior Observations 
    2.5.3.1         Hazardous Substances 
  2.5.3.2         Storage Tanks 
  2.5.3.3         Indication of PCBs 
  2.5.3.4         Indications of Waste Disposal 
    2.5.4         Additional Observations 
    
    2.6         INFORMATION FROM INTERVIEWS 
    2.6.1         Local Officials 
    2.6.2         State Officials 
    
    2.7         SUMMARY OF IDENTIFIED AREAS OF ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERN 
    
  3.0         PHASE II INVESTIGATION RESULTS 
    3.1         Introduction and Objective 
    3.2         Summary of Historical Investigation Data and AEQs 
    3.3         Phase II Investigative Strategy 
    3.3         Methods and Procedures 
    3.3.1         Soil Program 
    3.3.2         Groundwater Program 
    3.3.3         QA/QC 
    3.4         Site-Specific Physical Setting 
    3.4.1        Subsurface Geology 
    3.4.2         Hydrogeology 
    3.5         Soil Analytical Results 
    3.7         Groundwater Sampling and Analysis 
    3.8         Groundwater Analytical Results 
    3.9         QA/QC Results 
    3.10        Management of Investigative Derived Waste 
    3.11         Additional Services (if applicable) 
    3.11.1        Limited Asbestos Screening (or full Inspection) 
    3.11.2        Limited Lead-Based Paint Screening (or full Inspection) 
    3.11.3        Wetlands Review (or Wetlands Delineation) 
    3.11.4         NORM Review (or NORM Survey)       
    3.11.5         Radon Gas Review (or Sampling) 
    3.11.6         NEPA Screening   Checklist (or NEPA Study) 
    3.11.7         Limited Compliance Screen   Checklist (or Environmental Compliance  
    Audit) 
  
   Baseline Environmental Site Assessment                                                                            Page    ii    

4.0         BESA SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS 
    
  5.0         RECOMMENDATIONS 
    
  7.0         DEVIATIONS 
    
  8.0         REFERENCES 
    
  9.0         SIGNATURES OF ENVIRONMENT AL PROFESSIONALS 
    
  10.0         QUALIFICATIONS OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROFESSIONALS 

TABLES 
    
  TABLE 1        SUMMARY OF AECS 
  TABLE 2        SOIL ANALYTICAL RESULTS 
  TABLE 3        GROUNDWATER POTIENTIOMETRIC SURFACE DATA SHEET 
  TABLE 4        GROUNDWATER SAMPLING RESULTS 
  TABLE 5        ASBESTOS SURVEY ANALYTICAL RESULTS 
  TABLE 6        LEAD-BASE PAINT ANALYTICAL RESULTS 

FIGURES 
    
  FIGURE 1        SITE TOPOGRAPHIC MAP 
  FIGURE 2        SITE LAY OUT AND VICINITY MAP w/ AECs 
  FIGURE 3        BORING LOCATION MAP w/ AECs 
  FIGURE 4        POTIENTIOMETRIC SURFACE MAP AND GROUNDWATER DATA 

APPENDICES 
    
  APPENDIX A            SITE PHOTOGRAPHS 
  APPENDIX B            EDR NATIONAL AND STATE SITE ASSESSMENT RADIUS REPORT 
  APPENDIX C            SANBORN FIRE INSURANCE MAPS [LIST DATES] 
  APPENDIX D            AGENCY RECORDS/COMPLIANCE LETTERS 
  APPENDIX E            AERIAL PHOTOGRAPHS [LIST DATES] 
  APPENDIX F            CHAIN OF TITLE DOCUMENTATION 
  APPENDIX G            SUMMARY AND LOGS OF INTERVIEWS/COMMUNICATIONS 
  APPENDIX H            SOIL BORING LOGS 
  APPENDIX I            SOIL ANALYTICAL DATA 
  APPENDIX J            GROUNDWATER ANALYTICAL DATA 
  APPENDIX K            ASBESTOS ANALYTICAL DATA 
  APPENDIX L            LEAD-BASED PAINT ANALYTICAL DATA 
  APPENDIX M        OTHER ANALYTICAL DATA 

Baseline Environmental Site Assessment                                                                            Page    iii    

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 a107masterfacilitiesleasea.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.7 
    
  *** Where this marking appears throughout this Exhibit 10.7, information has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and such information has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission separately. 

MASTER FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT 
    
  This MASTER FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT (this   "Agreement"  ) is entered into on November 11, 2010 (the   "Effective Date"  ), by and among BKEP Materials. L. L.C., a Texas limited liability company (  "BKEP Materials"  ), BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company (  "BKEP Asphalt"   and together with BKEP Materials,   "Lessor"  ), and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., a Mississippi corporation (  "Lessee''  ).  Lessor and Lessee arc sometimes referred to herein individually as a   "Party''   and collectively as the "Parties: 
    
  RECITALS 
    
  WHEREAS,   Lessor and Lessee (or its designated affiliate) entered into (i) that certain Facilities Lease Agreement dated May 18, 2009 for the lease and use of Lessor's asphalt facilities in Austin, Texas; Dodge City, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Fontana, California; Halstead, Kansas; Las Vegas, Nevada; Lawton, Oklahoma; Little Rock, Arkansas; Memphis, Tennessee; Reading, Pennsylvania; Salina, Kansas; North Salt Lake City, Utah; and Woods Cross, Utah, along with certain rail leases as therein specified; (ii) that certain Facility Lease Agreement dated May 18, 2009 for the lease and use of Lessor's asphalt facility in Garden City, Georgia; and (iii) that certain Facility Lease Agreement dated May 18, 2009 for the lease and use of Lessor's asphalt facility in Northumberland, Pennsylvania (collectively referred to herein as the "  2009 Agreements  " and individually as a "  2009 Agreement  "); and 
    
  WHEREAS,   the Parties desire to amend, restate, consolidate and extend the 2009 Agreements effective as of January 1, 2011 (the "  Amendment Commencement Date  ") and to immediately continue the use and lease of such facilities after the Amendment Commencement Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and 
    
  WHEREAS,   the Parties desire to continue to perform their respective obligations under the 2009 Agreements pursuant to the terms thereof until 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2010; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE,   in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements, covenants, representations, warranties and promises set forth herein, the Parties mutually agree as follows: 
    
  Section 1.        Leased Premises and Use. 
       
  Lessor owns the asphalt facilities described on   Exhibit A-1   (each a "  Facility  " and collectively the "  Facilities  "). For the rentals and upon and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Lessor hereby leases the Facilities to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases the Facilities from Lessor, subject to the Permitted Encumbrances (as defined herein). The Facilities include the land, buildings, improvements, asphalt storage and processing assets (collectively, the "  Leased Premises  ") along with the associated: (i) storage, use, and occupancy rights to, of, or in any buildings, fixtures, equipment, or other physical assets on the Leased Premises or hereinafter constructed on the Leased Premises, (ii) necessary rights of ingress, egress, storage, and transportation (including all existing rights to rail service to the extent such rights are assignable) to, on, or over the Leased Premises for Lessee and Lessee's agents, invitees, customers, or representatives,  
  
   1 

as reasonably necessary to further Lessee's operations at the Leased Premises, and (iii) right to receive, use, and enjoy public and private utility services at the Leased Premises, including, but not limited to, sewer, water, electricity, fuel, waste disposal, and telephone all at Lessee's sole expense. The Leased Premises may be used by Lessee for the receipt, storage, manufacturing, blending and shipping of asphalt products and associated raw materials, and all purposes reasonably related thereto, and for no other purpose without Lessor's written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Lessee accepts the Leased Premises on the commencement date of the Term (as defined below) of this Agreement "AS IS", "WHERE IS" without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranty of habitability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose, except to the extent specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
    
  The Leased Premises shall include the rights of Lessor under the leases set forth in   Exhibit A-2   (collectively, the    Rail Leases  "). Lessee shall be subject to the terms of the Rail Leases and perform all obligations of Lessor as lessee under each of the Rail Leases which accrue during the Term of this Agreement (but not any obligations which survive the termination of any Rail Lease which is terminated prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement), except that Lessor shall be obligated to timely pay rents or other sums due thereunder so long as Lessee pays all rent due under the terms of this Agreement. Lessee agrees to indemnify Lessor, and hold it harmless, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred as a result of Lessee's non-performance or non-observance of any of Lessor's obligations as lessee under the Rail Leases which, as a result of this Agreement, became an obligation of Lessee. If Lessee makes any payment to Lessor pursuant to this indemnity, Lessee shall be subrogated to the rights of Lessor concerning such payment. Lessee shall not do, nor permit to be done, any act or thing which is, or with notice or the passage of time would be, a default under this Agreement or the Rail Leases. Lessee shall look solely to the lessors under each of the Rail Leases for all services to be provided by such lessors thereunder and shall not, under any circumstances, seek nor require Lessor to perform any of such services, nor shall Lessee make any claim upon Lessor for any damages which may arise by reason of any such lessor's default under the Rail Leases. However, Lessor shall reasonably cooperate with Lessee to exercise or enable Lessee to exercise any rights or remedies available to enforce each Rail Lease for Lessee's benefit in the event of a default by the lessor under each Rail Lease. Lessor agrees to indemnify Lessee, and hold it harmless, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred as a result of Lessor's non-performance of its obligations with respect to the Rail Leases as set forth in this paragraph, so long as Lessee has paid all rent due under the terms of this Agreement. Lessor shall not do, nor permit to be done, any act or thing which is, or with notice or the passage of time would be, a default under the Rail Leases. If for any reason the term of any Rail Lease shall terminate prior to the expiration or termination of the Term of this Agreement, the Leased Premises shall automatically exclude the rights of Lessor under such Rail Lease, and Lessor shall not be liable to Lessee by reason thereof unless said termination shall have been caused by the default of Lessor under the applicable Rail Lease, and said Lessor's default was not as a result of a Lessee default hereunder. 
    
  Section 2.         Term. 
    
  The initial term of this Agreement (the "  Initial Term  ") shall commence on January 1, 2011, and shall terminate on December 31, 2016. Ergon shall have the option to extend the Initial Term for up to two renewal terms (the "  Renewal Term  ") of one year each upon delivery to Lessor of not less than 18 months' written notice prior to the commencement of the applicable Renewal Term. The Initial Term and any Renewal Term shall be the "Term" of this Agreement. 
    
  Section 3.         Compensation. 
    
  Except as provided elsewhere herein, during the Term of this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the rent and other charges set forth on   Exhibit B   attached hereto.  
  
   2 

Section 4.         Asphalt Product and Raw Materials. 
    
  Lessee shall be solely responsible to furnish all asphalt and related raw materials used to manufacture any and all finished asphalt products at the Leased Premises. 
    
  Section 5.         Contract Limited to Available Capacity. 
    
  Lessee will only process those qualities and grades of finished asphalt products that are compatible with the current processing capabilities of the Leased Premises unless agreed to otherwise by the Parties.  
    
  Section 6.         Title and Risk of Loss. 
    
  Title to asphalt, raw materials and finished asphalt products received, unloaded, stored, or otherwise handled at the Leased Premises shall be in the name of Lessee and shall be the sole responsibility of Lessee. 
    
  Section 7.        Improvements. 
    
  Subject to Lessor's written approval, which approval may relate to design, location, construction methods, and installation procedures but shall not in any event be unreasonably withheld, and subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions of this Agreement, Lessee may construct or place upon the Leased Premises, at Lessee's sole expense, improvements required by Lessee ("  Lessee Improvements  ") for the purpose of furthering Lessee's permitted use of the Leased Premises. Absent agreement of Lessor and Lessee to the contrary, all Lessee Improvements shall be the property of Lessor; provided that, Lessee Improvements shall not include trade fixtures or moveable equipment installed by Lessee (the ''  Lessee Property  ''), which shall remain the property of Lessee. Lessee shall not remove, move to a different Facility or dispose of any of the assets or improvements at the Leased Premises (including the Lessee Improvements, but excluding the Lessee Property) without the prior written approval of Lessor, which may be withheld in Lessor's sole discretion. Lessee shall notify Lessor within three days of any damage to any part of the Leased Premises.  
    
  Lessee shall have the right to install and maintain signage at the Leased Premises at Lessee's sole cost and expense (including but not limited to construction costs, permits and licensing fees) and in conformity with all applicable laws, restrictive covenants, ordinances, rules and regulations; provided that such signage shall only relate to Lessee's occupancy of and operations on the Leased Premises. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Lessee shall remove all signage and repair any damage caused therefrom at Lessee's sole cost and expense. 
    
  Section 8.         Confidential Disclosures. 
    
  All confidential information, technical information, trade or business secrets, or the like (the "  Confidential Information  ") which is disclosed by one Party to the other, or is learned by one Party from the other, in carrying out the terms and purpose of this Agreement shall remain the property of the Party from whom it originates. The Party receiving such Confidential Information shall maintain in confidence the Confidential Information so received and will not use such information to the detriment of the originating Party, until such time as the Confidential Information so received enters the public domain other than by the act or omission of the recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may disclose such Confidential Information (i) to its counsel, accountants, investors, lenders or other representatives if necessary for such Party's business operations and so long as such persons are aware of and agree to comply with the provisions of this   Section 8   or (ii) as may be required by law. Any Confidential Information which can be shown by the recipient to have been in the public domain, or known to the recipient at the time of disclosure, shall not be deemed "Confidential Information" pursuant to this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Lessor  
  
   3 

acknowledges and agrees that all Volumes Reports and the contents thereof submitted pursuant to   Section 23   hereof constitute Confidential Information of Lessee and may not be shared with or disclosed to third parties without Lessee's prior written consent. The Parties consent to (i) the provision of this Agreement to Lessor's lenders in connection with the acquisition of the non-disturbance agreements in accordance with   Section 22.1   and (ii) the issuance of a press release by Lessee or Lessor relating to the leasing of the Facilities pursuant to this Agreement. The obligations set forth in this   Section 8   shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of two years.  
    
  Section 9.         Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security. 
    
  9.1         Lessee shall use the Leased Premises only for the purpose contemplated by this Agreement and related purposes associated with asphalt facility operations. Lessee shall not permit the Leased Premises to be used for any unlawful purpose. 
    
  9.2         For purposes of this Agreement: 
    
  (a)        the term "Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws" shall mean and include all applicable federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, regulations, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental authority, relating to (i) the control of any pollutant, or protection of health or the air, water or land, (ii) waste generation, handling, treatment, storage, disposal, discharge, release, emission or transportation, (iii) exposure to hazardous, toxic or other substances alleged to be harmful, (iv) the protection of any endangered or at-risk plant or animal life, (v) occupational or public health and safety, (vi) transportation, including transportation of materials, or (vi) site or homeland security, including prevention and disruption of terrorist attacks, the protection of the public, resources, and infrastructure, or response to terrorist attacks. "Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws" shall include, but not be limited to, the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.   7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C.   1251 et seq., the Resource Conservation Recovery Act ("  RCRA  "), 42 U.S.C.   6901 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.   2601 et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C.   300f et seq., the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("  CERCLA  "), 42 U.S.C.   9601 et seq., the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C.   2011 et seq., the Occupational Health and Safety Act ("  OSHA  ''), 29 U.S.C.   651 et seq., the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, 33 U.S.C.   1221 et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.   1801 et seq., the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C.   101 et seq. and the Critical Infrastructure Information Act, 6 U.S.C.   131 et seq. The term "Environmental Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws" shall also include all applicable executive orders and state, local and municipal laws, rules, regulations, statutes, ordinances and orders dealing with the subject matter of the above federal statutes; and  
    
  (b)        the term   "Hazardous Materials"   shall mean any (i) petroleum or petroleum products, (ii) asbestos or asbestos containing materials, (iii) hazardous substances as defined by   101(14) of CERCLA, (iv) radioactive substances and (v) any other chemical, substance or waste that is regulated by any governmental authority under any Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Law. 
    
  9.3         Lessee shall conduct operations on the Leased Premises in compliance with all applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws and manage any Hazardous Materials on the Leased Premises in compliance with all such laws. Lessee shall promptly, and in any event within twenty-four hours of the occurrence, notify Lessor of (i) any spill of 50 gallons or more of asphalt cement or asphalt cement containing products, (ii) any spill of five (5) gallons or more of chemicals, diluents or related products, and (iii) any release or spill of a Hazardous Material at the Leased Premises that requires reporting under any applicable laws or by a governmental authority or requires a response action, including remediation, under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws. Lessee shall promptly and  
  
   4 

completely implement any response action with respect to such release or spill required under such laws or by a governmental authority. Lessee shall provide Lessor with copies of any reports or monitoring results provided to a governmental authority with respect to any such release, spill or response action no later than five (5) business days of the submittal to the governmental authority. Furthermore, Lessee also shall provide to Lessor copies of any and all correspondence to or from the governmental authority relating to the release, spill or response action within five (5) business days of the day the correspondence is sent to or received by the Lessee, as applicable. Lessor reserves the right but not the obligation to conduct its own investigation, including but not limited to, sampling, monitoring or testing of any spill or other environmental incident. 
    
  9.4        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  
    
  (a)        Lessee shall be responsible for complying with any and all notification or reporting requirements under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws arising out of Lessee's use of the Leased Premises; provided, however, that Lessor retains the right but not the obligation to make, after prior written notice to Lessee, any environmental notification or report required by law and involving the Leased Premises which has not been completely performed or provided by Lessee. Lessee shall keep Lessor fully informed and provide Lessor with documentation pertaining to any notification or reporting under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws applicable to the Leased Premises or Lessee's operations thereon. 
    
  (b)        Lessee shall, at Lessee's own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement such environmental health, safety, transportation and security permits, licenses, plans, approvals, or other such authorizations under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws as are necessary for Lessee to comply with Lessee's duties and obligations under this Agreement and as are necessary for Lessee to conduct its operations on the Leased Premises. By way of example, but not limitation, such necessary environmental permits or plans may include, but will not be limited to, Title V and applicable state Air Operating Permits, Spill Prevention Control, Countermeasure Plan, and Facility Response Plan as both plans are set forth in 40 CFR 112, U.S. Coast Guard Facility Security Plans, and such other plans or permits that may be required by any and all local, state and federal agencies. By way of further example, but not limitation, Lessee shall, at Lessee's own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in effect during the Term of this Agreement all permits, plans, schedules, testing requirements, tank preparation and cleaning, administrative processes, consultant requirements, procedures and internal/external tank inspections, in each case as may be required under the Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) regulations pursuant to 40 CFR 112, as applied to above-ground oil storage containers. Lessee will provide Lessor with all proposed testing schedules and tank inspections methodology in advance of Lessee's implementation of such inspections. Lessee will provide copies of all information pertaining to the actual findings of the tank inspections and any other tank integrity information from Lessee's implementation of such tank inspections. In the event any inspections conducted by Lessee or its contractor(s) uncover any areas of concern, Lessee shall submit to Lessor a proposed schedule outlining the estimated timing and costs for repair. The allocation of such costs between Lessor and Lessee shall be in accordance with the cost sharing provisions set forth in   Section 14  . Lessor shall reasonably cooperate with Lessee to transfer to or at the direction of Lessee at the commencement of the Term any permits or other authorizations relating to the Leased Premises issued to Lessor under applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws. Lessee will give Lessor written notice and obtain Lessor's prior written approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, for any and all additions or improvements to the Leased Premises requiring a new permit or a permit modification under Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws. 
    
  (c)        Lessee shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) business days of receipt or, as applicable, issuance or assessment, notify and provide copies to Lessor of any and all Warning Letters, Notices  
  
   5 

of Violation, Consent Orders or Decrees, Notices of Stipulation, including any monetary penalties assessed (collectively, ''  Non-Compliance Notices  ") relating to an allegation or declaration of non-compliance with, or need for investigation, remedial or other response action under, any Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Law, regardless of whether Lessee disputes such Non-Compliance Notice. Lessee is further obligated to provide Lessor copies of its response to any such Non-Compliance Notice no later than five (5) business days after submittal thereof fully explaining how the non-compliance matter or required investigation, remedial or other response action is to be resolved or why Lessee believes that the alleged non-compliance matter or requested action is not accurate or not applicable. Lessee shall continue to provide to Lessor any and all correspondence relating to the Non-Compliance Notice until such time as Lessee demonstrates to the reasonable satisfaction of Lessor that the Non-Compliance Notice has been resolved through correspondence or other documentation from the governmental authority, or if such correspondence or other documentation is unavailable or impractical, through an alternative written demonstration reasonably satisfactory to Lessor by the Lessee to the Lessor and any counsel that Lessor requests in writing be copied on such communications. 
    
  9.5        Other than the Environmental Assessments already performed in connection with   Section 9.5   of the 2009 Agreements (the "  2009 Environmental Assessments  "), without the prior written approval of Lessor, Lessee shall not conduct any soil, ground water, surface water, or other similar site investigation, sampling, or monitoring of the Leased Premises unless so ordered by a governmental authority, required by the express terms of any permit for the Leased Premises issued under applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws, or advised by Lessee's counsel as immediately necessary due to emergency or exigent circumstances such as those described in   Section 9.3   above. The Lessor shall make the final decision as to whether the need or justification of the Lessee's request for any and all such discretionary soil, ground water, or other similar site investigation, sampling, or monitoring of the Leased Premises is warranted. If so warranted, the Lessor shall have the right to enter the Leased Premises to routinely monitor the Lessee's progress and ensure that the scope-of-work adheres to that which the Lessor approved. Nothing in this   Section 9.5   is intended to be or shall be construed to constitute authority or an exercise of control by Lessor for environmental, health, safety, transportation, or security aspects of Lessee's operations on the Leased Premises, such activities being under the sole control of Lessee.  
    
  9.6        At the end of the Term of this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise requested by Lessor, Lessee shall be responsible, at its cost and in compliance with Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws, for (i) removal and proper management of Hazardous Materials on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises resulting from or used in connection with Lessee's operation and use of the Leased Premises, (ii) all environmental conditions on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises resulting from Lessee's operation and use of the Leased Premises, and (iii) all environmental conditions on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises to the extent resulting from Lessee's acceleration of, contribution to, or exacerbation of pre-existing environmental conditions resulting from Lessee's use or operations. Each of the foregoing shall be subject to Lessee's indemnification obligations hereunder and shall include the acts and omissions of Lessee's employees, invitees, agents, contractors, customers or representatives. Environmental conditions on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises which existed on or prior to the date of the 2009 Agreement shall be the responsibility of Lessor and subject to Lessor's indemnification obligations hereunder.  Lessee shall not make any disclosure, unless required by applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws, regarding any environmental condition on or in the vicinity of the Leased Premises without Lessor's prior written consent. Lessee shall reasonably cooperate with Lessor to transfer to or at the direction of Lessor at the end of the Term of this Agreement any permits or other authorizations relating to the Leased Premises issued lo Lessee under applicable Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws: provided, however, if requested by Lessor, instead of transferring a permit or other authorization, Lessee shall at its cost and expense and in compliance with Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and  
  
   6 

Security Laws initiate and complete any actions required to terminate such permits or other authorization. Lessee's obligation under this   Section 9.6   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  9.7        Lessor and Lessee acknowledge that the Facility located in Northumberland, Pa. is subject to certain legacy environmental conditions. If, as a result of such environmental conditions, Lessor is required or elects to close the Northumberland, Pa. Facility, then Lessor shall deliver to Lessee a notice of closure, whereupon (i) this Agreement shall automatically terminate with respect to such Facility without any further action of the Parties and (ii) this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and reformed to exclude the Northumberland, Pa. Facility. In the event of the closure of the Northumberland, Pa. Facility pursuant to this paragraph, Lessee shall have the option to buy the existing production equipment at a price mutually agreed to by the Parties. Lessee and Lessor shall also discuss the option of relocating the production equipment to another Lessor Facility. 
    
  Section 10.         Indemnity. 
    
  10.1        Lessee's Indemnity to Lessor.   Lessee shall indemnify and defend Lessor, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents and affiliates (the "  Lessor Indemnitees  ") against any and all suits, judgments, losses, damages, costs, fees, penalties, awards and the like (the foregoing including but not limited to attorneys' fees and litigation costs) (collectively, "  Damages  ") for personal injury, death, property damage, or any other loss or claim arising out of, from, or otherwise related to (i) Lessee's operation and use of the Leased Premises or (ii) any violation of Environmental, Health, Safety, Transportation, and Security Laws or any environmental matter subject to indemnification by Lessee pursuant to   Section 9.6   (collectively, "  Indemnified Environmental Matters  "); except that Lessee shall not indemnify or agree to defend Lessor to the extent Damages arc caused by the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Lessor Indemnitee.   IT IS THE INTENT OF LESSOR AND LESSEE THAT LESSEE'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS   SECTION 10.1   FOR INDEMNIFIED ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY LESSOR INDEMNITEE WOULD BE SUBJECT TO STRICT LIABILITY UNDER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, SAFETY, TRANSPORTATION, AND SECURITY LAWS FOR SUCH INDEMNIFIED ENVIRONMENTAL MATTER.   Lessee's obligation under this   Section 10.1   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  10.2        Lessor's Indemnity to Lessee.   Lessor shall indemnify and defend Lessee, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents and affiliates (the "  Lessee Indemnitees  ") against any and all Damages for personal injury, death, property damage or any other loss or claim to the extent arising out of the acts or omissions of any Lessor Indemnitee while on the Leased Premises or otherwise to the extent in connection with Lessor's performance of this Agreement or any matter subject to indemnification by Lessor pursuant to   Section 9.6  , except that Lessor shall not indemnify or agree to defend Lessee for Damages caused by the negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct of Lessee Indemnitees or for any Damages for which Lessee is indemnifying Lessor pursuant to   Section 10.1  . Lessor's obligation under this   Section 10.2   shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
    
  Section 11.         Insurance. 
    
  11.1        Lessee agrees to secure and maintain insurance in amounts not less than the following coverage and terms set forth in   Sections 11.2  ,   11.3  ,   11.4   and   11.5  . 
    
  11.2        Workers' compensation insurance in accordance with the statutory requirements of the state or states in which each Facility is located and the U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers Act, as applicable, and employer's liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000. 

7 

11.3        Commercial general liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000 for property damage and bodily injury. Such policy(ies) shall include marine terminal operator's liability covering Lessee's operations at the Leased Premises. 
    
  11.4        Automobile liability with minimum limits of not less than $1,000.000 for property damage and bodily injury, covering all vehicles owned, hired, rented, contracted for, or used by Lessee, or Lessee's successors, assigns, employees, agents, licensees or invitees. 
    
  11.5        Umbrella liability insurance with minimum limits of not less than $10,000,000 covering excess of Employer's Liability, Commercial General Liability, and Automobile Liability. 
    
  11.6        Lessor shall maintain "all risk" or equivalent property insurance on the improvements on the Leased Premises, but not on Lessee's personal property or inventory, for full replacement cost value. Lessor shall also maintain during the Term hereof employer's liability insurance, commercial general liability insurance. Automobile liability insurance, and umbrella liability insurance at limits equivalent to those specified for Lessee in   Sections 11.2  ,   11.3  ,   11.4     and   11.5   above. 
    
  11. 7        Lessor or Lessee, as applicable, shall be named as an additional insured on the policies to be maintained by the other Party as specified in this   Section 11  , except for Workers' Compensation insurance. Each Party shall furnish to the other certificates of insurance evidencing the insurance coverage specified herein to be maintained by the furnishing Party. Each such certificate shall provide that each of the policies to which such certificate shall pertain shall not be canceled or materially changed without thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other Party. All insurance required to be maintained under the terms of this Agreement shall be written by insurer(s) with an A.M. Best rating of A- or better. 
    
  11.8        Each of Lessor and Lessee ("  Releasing Party  ") hereby releases the other ("  Released Party  ") from any liability which the Released Party would, but for this paragraph, have had to the Releasing Party arising out of or in connection with any damage to the property of Releasing Party at the Leased Premises which is or would be covered by a basic causes of loss form of property insurance with no deductible in the state in which such Leased Premises is located, regardless of whether or not such coverage is actually being carried by the Releasing Party. Lessor and Lessee shall use best efforts to have their respective policies of insurance contain a waiver of subrogation provision incorporating the above covenant and providing that the insurance shall not be invalidated by the insured's written waiver prior to a loss of any or all right of recovery against any Party for any insured loss. 
    
  11.9        Lessor's and Lessee's obligations with respect to the restoration of any Facility following any casualty event, whether insured or uninsured ("  Casualty  "), shall be governed by the terms and provisions of this   Section 11.9  . Within thirty (30) days following the Casualty, Lessor shall consult with Lessee in good faith and advise Lessee of the estimated cost (the "  Cost  ") and time required to restore and repair such Facility to substantially its pre-loss condition (the "  Loss Notice  "). If the Cost is less than or equal to the sum of (i) the greater of (A) $*** or (B) the annual Base Rental Fee for such Facility as defined in Exhibit B attached hereto (or, if the number of months remaining in the Term is less than twelve (12) months, the sum of Base Rental Fees for the months remaining in the Term) and (ii) estimated insurance proceeds, if any (the "Formula"), the Lessor shall have an obligation to restore and repair the Facility to substantially its pre-loss condition, and Lessor shall commence such repair work promptly and complete same as expeditiously as commercially reasonably possible, unless Lessee elects to terminate its obligations hereunder with respect to such Facility pursuant to the following provisions of this section. If the Cost is greater than the Formula, then Lessor shall have no obligation to restore and repair the Facility and may terminate its obligations hereunder with respect to such Facility. In the event that the damage caused by the Casualty is such that it materially interferes with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at the Facility and the  
  
   8 

restoration and repair (i) cannot be completed or is not completed in *** days or (ii) cannot be completed by *** of any year during the Term of this Agreement, Lessee may terminate its obligations hereunder with respect to such Facility effective on the date of the Casualty, provided it does so by notice to Lessor no later than five (5) days after the date of the Loss Notice.  During the period of restoration, the Base Rental Fee shall be equitably abated based upon the effect of the Casualty upon Lessee's ability to conduct normal business operations at the Facility. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Lessee shall be solely responsible for the repair and restoration of any temporary improvements, trade fixtures, equipment and any other property of Lessee made, installed or brought upon the Facility by Lessee. In the event that a Party terminates its obligations with respect to any Facility pursuant to the terms of this   Section 11.9  , this Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically revised and reformed to exclude such Facility as of the effective date of such termination and neither Party shall have any further obligations with respect to such Facility, except with respect to obligations accrued prior to the date of such termination or obligations accruing upon termination.  
    
  Section 12.         Condemnation. 
    
  If any Facility shall be in its entirety taken or condemned for any public purpose the Parties  obligations with respect to such Facility shall cease as of the date of condemnation, including, but not limited to, Lessee's obligation hereunder to pay rent, taxes, and insurance premiums with respect to such Facility. If any portion of any Facility is taken or condemned to such an extent as to, in Lessee's reasonable determination, materially interfere with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at such Facility for a period of *** days or more, Lessee shall have the right to terminate its obligations with respect to such Facility by giving written notice of termination to Lessor within thirty (30) days of receiving notice of such condemnation, whereupon the obligations of the Parties with respect to such Facility, including, but not limited to Lessee's rent obligations, shall cease as to such Facility. If any Facility is partially condemned and Lessee determines the taking will not materially interfere with Lessee's ability to conduct its normal business operations at such Facility, Lessee shall be entitled to an equitable reduction in rent taking into account the effect upon Lessee's operations of the property so taken. Lessee shall be entitled to make a separate claim against the condemning authority for an award for the value of any of Lessee's property, for moving and relocation expenses, and for such business damages and/or consequential damages as may be allowed by law.  In the event that a Party terminates its obligations with respect to any Facility pursuant to the terms of this   Section 12  , this Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically revised and reformed to exclude such Facility as of the effective date of such termination and neither Party shall have any further obligations with respect to such Facility, except with respect to obligations accrued prior to the date of such termination or obligations accruing upon termination or obligations which by their terms survive termination. 

9 

Section 13.         Limitations. 
    
  Neither Party to this Agreement shall be liable to the other Party for consequential, incidental, punitive, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits or lost savings) arising from, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement and/or the Leased Premises, even if such Party has been advised of the possibility of or could have foreseen such damages, except to the extent such damages result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Party. This limitation applies regardless of the form of action, including, but not limited to, an action in law or equity. 
    
  Section 14.         Maintenance. 
    
  Subject to the limitations set forth in this   Section 14  , Lessee shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of the Leased Premises including all tanks, equipment, or improvements placed or installed on the Leased Premises, whether placed or installed by Lessee or Lessor. Lessee will maintain and operate the Leased Premises in accordance with the equipment manufacturer standards and observed historical maintenance performed at the Leased Premises. Lessee shall keep the Leased Premises free of all liens, pledges, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, leases, subleases, easements, servitudes and other encumbrances of any kind or nature.  
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 14  , and except for repairs and maintenance resulting from the negligence or willful misconduct of Lessee, its employees, directors, partners, members, representatives, agents, contractors, invitees or affiliates. Lessor, and not Lessee, shall be responsible for (at its expense and without reimbursement from Lessee) any repairs and maintenance costing in excess of $*** per individual repair occurrence, to the extent necessary for the operations of Lessee's business on the Leased Premises in connection with the following improvements: (i) tank foundations, shells, floors, roof and insulation; (ii) dikes, containment areas and security fencing; (iii) scales; (iv) rail spurs, docks and dredging; (v) heaters and boilers; (vi) buildings and HVAC; (vii) Motor Control Center and Motor Starters (including VFD); (viii) pumps: (ix) mills; and (x) tank gauge systems. The repair and maintenance obligation of Lessor set forth above shall not apply to the annual maintenance retooling of the mills. If replacement of a mill is required, Lessor shall replace such mill and Lessee shall reimburse Lessor the first $*** of the cost to replace said mill. Lessee may not make repairs on behalf of Lessor without Lessor's prior written approval and Lessee shall obtain Lessor's prior written approval for all repair and maintenance costs expected to exceed $*** per individual occurrence, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
    
  Section 15.        Possession and Access. 
    
  Lessee shall enjoy exclusive possession of the Leased Premises at all times during the Term of this Agreement, and Lessor and its agents and representatives shall have limited access to the Leased Premises for the purpose of inspection, in the case of an emergency, for the purpose of showing to potential purchasers of the Facility, lenders or investors and for any other purpose contemplated by this Agreement. Lessor and its agents and representatives shall comply with Lessee's standard safety rules and access requirements while on the Leased Premises. 
    
  Section 16.         Default. 
    
  16.1        By Lessee.   Lessor may terminate this Agreement: (a) at any time for nonpayment of any sums due hereunder that are thirty (30) days past due following written notice to Lessee; or (b) if Lessee fails to perform any act or covenant under or required by this Agreement, other than a monetary default governed by   Section 16.1 (a)  , within thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such default, or, if such  
  
   10 

default is of a nature that it cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, Lessee fails to commence to cure same within such thirty (30)-day period and continuously pursue such cure thereafter to completion with reasonable diligence. Should Lessee fail to cure any default, then, in addition to the right to terminate this Agreement, Lessor may take any other action permissible at law or in equity. 
    
  16.2        By Lessor.   Lessee may terminate this Agreement if Lessor fails to perform any act or covenant under or required by this Agreement, provided that Lessee first provides written notice to Lessor of such alleged default and Lessor fails to cure such default within thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice, or, if such default is of a nature that cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, Lessor fails to commence to cure same within such thirty (30)-day period and continuously pursue such cure thereafter to completion with reasonable diligence. Should Lessor fail to cure such default, then Lessee may take any action permissible at law or in equity, including, without limitation, the right to terminate this Agreement, sue for damages, or sue for specific performance. Upon a default by Lessor which affects fewer than all of the Facilities, Lessee reserves the right to terminate this Agreement as to the affected Facilities and corresponding portions of the Leased Premises only. 
    
  16.3        Cross-Default.   Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Lessor and Lessee (or its affiliates) have entered into that certain Master Facilities Sublease Agreement with respect to facilities located in Ardmore, Oklahoma; Catoosa (EM) Oklahoma; Muskogee, Oklahoma; Parsons, Tennessee; and El Dorado, Kansas (the "  Master Sublease Agreement  "). A default by a Party under the Master Sublease Agreement beyond any applicable cure period permitted under such Master Sublease Agreement shall constitute a default by the applicable Party hereunder and the non-defaulting Party shall have the right to take any action permitted by this   Section 16  . 
    
  Section 17.         Waiver. 
    
  Any breach under this Agreement may be waived in writing by the non-breaching Party; however, such waiver shall not waive any other breach, known or unknown, and shall not constitute a future waiver of any future breach whether of similar or different character. 
    
  Section 18.         Independent Entities. 
    
  Neither Party shall have authority to bind the other by any contract, representation, understanding, act, or deed concerning the other Party; nor shall this Agreement be deemed to establish a partnership or joint venture. Neither Party shall have any right to use trademarks, trade names, or the corporate name of the other. Each Party shall have the sole responsibility for the acts and compensation of its own employees, its taxes and the expenses of the conduct of its own business.  
    
  Section 19.         Assignment. 
    
  Lessee shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Lessor, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that Lessee may assign, without the prior written consent of Lessor, this Agreement or its respective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, or sublease any Facility, to an affiliate or any successor in interest of such party, including the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of such party provided that such affiliate or successor assumes in writing all of Lessee's obligations hereunder and a copy of such assumption or sublease is provided to Lessor and Lessee shall not be relieved or released from liability hereunder: provided, further, that Lessor may assign, without the prior written consent of Lessee, this Agreement or its respective rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to one or more affiliates that are directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the same ultimate parent entity as Lessor or to any person or  
  
   11 

entity which (subject in all respects to   Section 32   of this Agreement) purchases or is otherwise a successor in interest to Lessor's right, title and interest in the Facility and Lessor agrees to provide notice thereof before, or within three (3) days following, such assignment, provided, however. Lessor shall have no liability to Lessee nor shall Lessee have any remedies under this Agreement for failure to provide such notice, although Lessee shall not be required to recognize such assignment until notice thereof is provided by Lessor. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
    
  Section 20.         Notices. 
    
  Any notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt if (i) hand delivered personally, (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, (iii) sent by Federal Express or other express carrier, fee prepaid, (iv) sent via facsimile with receipt confirmed or (v) sent via electronic email with receipt confirmed, provided that such notice or communication is addressed to the respective parties at the following addresses (or to such other address as may from time to time be designated by either Party): 
    
  if to Lessor: 
    
  BKEP Materials, L.L.C. 
  Two Warren Place 
  6120 S. Yale Avenue, Suite 500 
  Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136 
  Phone: (918)524-5500 
  Fax: (918) 524-5805 
  Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  if to Lessee: 
    
  Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions. Inc. 
  P.O. Box 1639 
  Jackson, MS 39215-1639 
  2829 Lakeland Drive 
  Flowood, MS 39232 (physical) 
  Phone: (601) 933-3000 
  Fax: (601) 933-3350 
  Attention: President 
    
  With a copy to: 
    
  Watson   Jones, P.A. 
  P.O. Box 23546 
  Jackson, MS 39225-3546 
  2829 Lakeland Drive, Ste. 1502 
  Flowood, MS 39232 (physical) 
  Phone: (601) 939-8900 
  Fax: (601) 932-4400 
  Attn: J. Kevin Watson 

12 

Section 21.         Rights Upon Termination. 
    
  The Leased Premises shall be returned to Lessor upon termination of this Agreement in substantially the same or better condition in which received by Lessee on the date of the 2009 Agreement, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Lessee shall remove (subject to   Section 7   hereof) any and all Lessee Property (which shall not include any Lessee Improvements) on the Leased Premises prior to the effective termination date of this Agreement or as promptly thereafter as reasonably practical, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the effective termination date. In addition, Lessee shall remove all of its raw materials and asphalt products ("Lessee Inventory") from the Leased Premises as promptly thereafter as reasonably practical, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the effective termination date. If Lessee does not remove the Lessee Property and Lessee Inventory prior to the effective termination date of this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the Base Rental Fee for such thirty (30)-day period. In the event Lessee does not remove the Lessee Property and Lessee Inventory within thirty (30) days after the termination of this Agreement, at Lessor's option, it may deem the Lessee Property and Lessee Inventory as abandoned whereby Lessee shall not be entitled to any payment or other compensation therefor. In such event, Lessor may have the Lessee Property and Lessee Inventory removed from the Leased Premises and Lessee agrees to reimburse Lessor for the actual costs of such removal, plus a *** percent (***%) administrative fee. 
    
  Section 22.        Subordination and Estoppel Certificate. 
    
  22.1        This Agreement is subject and subordinate to all mortgages, deeds of trust and related security instruments which may now or hereafter encumber the Leased Premises and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof and to each advance made or hereafter to be made thereunder. This subordination shall be self-operative and no further instrument of subordination is required. In confirmation of such subordination, however, Lessee shall, at Lessor's request, execute promptly any appropriate certificate or instrument that Lessor may request. In the event of the enforcement by the trustee or the beneficiary under any such mortgage or deed of trust of the remedies provided for by law or by any such mortgage or deed of trust, Lessee will, upon request of any person or party succeeding to the interest of said trustee or beneficiary as a result of such enforcement, automatically become the tenant of, and attorn to, such successor in interest without change in the terms or provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such successor in interest shall not be bound by: (i) any payment of Base Rental Fee for more than one month in advance: or (ii) any amendment or modification of this Agreement made without the written consent of such trustee or such beneficiary or such successor in interest. Upon request by such successor in interest, Lessee shall execute and deliver an instrument or instruments confirming the attornment herein provided for. Lessor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Lessee within thirty (30) days following the date of this Agreement, non-disturbance agreements from Lessor's lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lessee. Lessor shall likewise provide to Lessee non-disturbance agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lessee from any successor or replacement lender(s) in connection with placement of any mortgage, deed of trust or similar encumbrance against the Leased Premises within thirty (30) days following the date such encumbrance is placed of record. Lessor acknowledges that Lessee's inventories may serve as collateral for Lessee's financing and agrees to subordinate in writing any applicable landlord liens to the extent same may affect Lessee's inventory.  
    
  22.2        At either Party's request, the other Party will execute either an estoppel certificate or a three-party agreement among Lessor. Lessee and any third party dealing with the requesting Party certifying to such facts (if true) and agreeing to such notice provisions and other matters as such third party may reasonably require in connection with the business dealings of requesting Party and such third party. 

13 

Section 23.        Reporting Requirements. 
    
  23.1        Within ten (10) days after the end of each calendar month, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor, with respect to each Facility, a schedule showing the amount of product, by type, received into the Facility, processed at the Facility and delivered from the Facility (the "  Volumes Report  "). In addition, the Volumes Report shall specifically identify the throughput at each Facility and any Excess Throughput Charges (as defined in   Exhibit B  ) that are payable pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
  23.2        Within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor a certification, signed by an authorized officer of Lessee, that Lessee has paid all taxes (other than real property taxes. which shall be paid by Lessor and reimbursed by Lessee in accordance with   Exhibit B  ) and utility payments for the prior quarter and that Lessee has otherwise kept the Leased Premises free of all liens, pledges, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, leases, subleases, easements, servitudes and other encumbrances of any kind or nature.  
    
  Section 24.         Governing Law. 
    
  This Agreement shall be deemed in all respects to have been created and entered into under the laws of the State of Oklahoma except that for disputes relating to real property the laws of the State where the Leased Premises is located shall govern. The venue of any claim, dispute or legal action arising out of or from this Agreement shall be the state or federal courts within the State of Oklahoma.  
    
  Section 25.        Entire Agreement. 
    
  This Agreement (and any exhibits and schedules attached hereto) contains the entire agreement between the Parties. No modifications to this Agreement not included herein shall be valid or binding upon the Parties unless made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of each Party. 
    
  Section 26.         Headings. 
    
  All headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only, and the headings shall not be used to interpret or construe the intent of this Agreement. 
    
  Section 27.         Severability. 
    
  It is understood and agreed by the Parties that if any part, term, or provision of this Agreement is held by the courts to be illegal or in conflict with any law, the validity of the remaining portions or provisions shall not be affected, and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced as if this Agreement did not contain the particular part, term or provision held to be invalid. 
    
  Section 28.         Binding Effect. 
    
  Each and all of the covenants, terms, and conditions of this Agreement shall extend to and firmly bind the successors, trustees, legal representatives, receivers, and assigns of the Parties as though the parties were themselves bound.  
    
  Section 29.         Agreement Terms Confidential. 
    
  The terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any exhibits and schedules to this Agreement, shall be kept in confidence unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing. 

14 

Section 30.         Title to Leased Premises; Condition of Improvements. 
    
  Lessor hereby represents and warrants to Lessee that it has good and marketable title to each Facility subject only to (i) the restrictions, covenants, conditions, easements, servitudes, liens and other encumbrances to title to such Facility (collectively, "  Encumbrances  ") that are identified in the applicable Owner's Policy of Title Insurance listed on Exhibit C attached hereto; (ii) liens in favor of Lessor's commercial lenders, including, but not limited to, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. In connection with the Credit Agreement dated as of October 25, 2010; (iii) taxes not yet due or payable or which are being contested in good faith, and mechanic's, materialman's, supplier's, vendor's or similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing amounts that are not delinquent or past due or that are being contested in good faith; and (iv) any other Encumbrances or title defects which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect the value of the leasehold estate granted herein or the ability of Lessee to use the applicable Facility for the purposes permitted under this Agreement (collectively, the "  Permitted Encumbrances  "). 
    
  Section 31.         Quiet Enjoyment. 
    
  Lessor covenants that if Lessee shall pay rent due hereunder and perform all of its obligations hereunder, Lessee shall, for the Term of this Agreement, freely, peaceably and quietly occupy and enjoy the full possession of the Leased Premises without interruption or hindrance by Lessor, its agents or employees.  
    
  Section 32.         Rights of First Refusal; Right of First Offer. 
    
  32.1        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (including, without limitation.   Section 32.3  ), if Lessor proposes or intends to sell any Facility(s) (the "  Term Offered Facilities  ") to a third party during the Term of this Agreement then Lessee shall have the right to purchase the Term Offered Facilities (the "  Term First Refusal Right  ") on the following terms and conditions: 
    
  (a)        If Lessor executes a contract or letter of intent to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a Third Party, which transaction is expected to close during the Term of this Agreement, Lessor shall provide Lessee with written notice setting forth the Term Offered Facilities, the proposed sale price and other material terms and conditions upon which Lessor intends to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a third party (the "  Term ROFR Notice  "). Within 30 days after it receives the Term ROFR Notice (the "  Term ROFR Period  "), Lessee may deliver written notice (the "  Term Exercise Notice  ") to Lessor that Lessee is exercising its Term First Refusal Right and will purchase the Term Offered Facilities for the price and upon the terms and conditions contained in the Term ROFR Notice. If Lessee does not deliver the Term Exercise Notice to Lessor during the Term ROFR Period, then Lessor shall thereafter be free to sell the Term Offered Facilities to a third party substantially on the terms and conditions contained in the Term ROFR Notice or pursuant to higher or more favorable terms and conditions. 
    
  (b)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Term First Refusal Right shall not apply to any mortgage of the Leased Premises or the Facilities or any portion thereof to secure the repayment of borrowings by Lessor or any or its Affiliates. A foreclosure sale by such lender shall not be a sale to which the Term First Refusal Right shall be applicable, and upon any such foreclosure sale the Term First Refusal Right shall terminate automatically and be of no further force or effect notwithstanding the existence of, or any term contained in, any non-disturbance agreement from Lessor's lenders. In clarification of the foregoing, after any such foreclosure sale, the Term First Refusal Right shall never apply. In the event of a foreclosure sale, to the extent that Lessor receives notice thereof, Lessor shall provide Lessee notice of such sale, including the date, time and place of sale, if known by Lessor; such notice to be provided by Lessor within five (5) business days following Lessor's receipt of such information, if any. As used herein, "foreclosure sale" shall include a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure. It is the intention of the Parties that the  
  
   15 

Term First Refusal Right be subordinate to any mortgage presently encumbering the Leased Premises and the Facilities. 
    
  32.2        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (including, without limitation,   Section 32.3  ), if Lessor proposes or intends to sell or lease any Facility(s) (the "  Expiration Offered Facilities  ") commencing upon the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, then Lessor shall give written notice to Lessee no later than eighteen (18) months prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement (the "  Expiration ROFO Notice  "). Within five (5) business days after the receipt of the Expiration ROFO Notice, Lessee may elect to exercise its rights of first offer by delivering a notice of exercise ("  Expiration Exercise Notice  ") to Lessor. During the 30-day period following receipt of the Expiration Exercise Notice (the "  Expiration ROFO Period  "), Lessee shall have the right to make an offer to Lessor for the purchase or lease, as applicable, of such Expiration Offered Facilities (the "  Initial Offer  "). Lessor shall consider the Initial Offer and any other offers for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities in good faith and shall select the offer(s) that Lessor deems most attractive in its sole discretion, or no offer. If Lessor selects an offer(s) other than the Initial Offer or no offer, it shall give written notice to Lessee that it has not selected the Initial Offer (the "  Rejection Notice  ").  Lessee shall have the right to submit a revised offer (the ''  Last Look Offer  ") to Lessor for the Expiration Offered Facilities within five (5) business days after receipt of the Rejection Notice. Lessor shall consider the Last Look Offer and any other offers for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities in good faith and shall select the offer(s) that Lessor deems most attractive in its sole discretion, or no offer. For the avoidance of doubt, Lessor shall not be required to provide, and Lessee shall not have the right to know, the terms or conditions of any other offer for any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities. If Lessee docs not deliver (i) the Expiration Exercise Notice to Lessor within five (5) business days after receipt of the Expiration ROFO Notice or (ii) the Initial Offer or the Last Look Offer to Lessor within the time periods specified above, then Lessor shall thereafter be free to sell or lease any or all of the Expiration Offered Facilities to a third party or parties on such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate. 
    
  32.3        The obligation of Lessor to provide the Term ROFR Notice, the Expiration ROFO Notice and the corresponding rights of Lessee contained in this   Section 32  , including, without limitation, the Term First Refusal Right and the right to make the Initial Offer and the Last Look Offer, shall only apply if Lessee is not in default under this Agreement. In addition, the rights and obligations in this   Section 32  , including, without limitation, the Term First Refusal Right, shall not apply to any proposed sale or lease of more than two-thirds of the total asphalt facilities owned or leased by Lessor in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (collectively, a "  Transfer  ") or to the proposed sale or lease of any Facility in connection with any such Transfer. 
    
  Section 33.        Memorandum of Lease. 
    
  Promptly upon execution of this Agreement, Lessor and Lessee shall execute and deliver a memorandum of this Agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and Lessee for recording in the land records of the jurisdictions in which the Leased Premises are located. 
    
  Section 34.         No Conflicts. 
    
  Each Party represents and warrants that its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not and will not (a) violate its organizational documents, (b) violate or result in a material default, or require any consent or approval, under (x) any agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or, in the case of Lessor, to which any of the Facilities are subject, (y) any judgment, writ, order, injunction or decree of any court that is applicable to it, or, in the case of Lessor, any of the Facilities, or (z) any applicable law, which violation or default or failure to have such consent or approval in the case of clauses (x) through (z) would have a material adverse effect on the ability of it to perform its obligations hereunder. 
  
   16 

Section 35.         Counterparts. 
    
  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be deemed one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement in Portable Document Format (pdf) or by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of an executed original counterpart of this Agreement. 
    
  [Signature page follows.] 
  
   17 

This Agreement has been executed by the authorized representatives of each Party as indicated below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 

LESSOR: 

BKEP MATERIALS, L.L.C. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BKEP ASPHALT, L.L.C. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Master Facilities Lease Agreement] 
  
   18 

LESSEE: 

ERGON ASPHALT   EMULSIONS, INC. 

By: 
    /s J. Baxter Burns 

Name: 
    J. Baxter Burns, II 

Title: 
    Executive Vice President 

[Signature Page to Master Facilities Lease Agreement] 
  
   19 

EXHIBIT A-1 
    
  FACILITIES 
    
  AUSTIN, TX 
    
  BEING 3.29 ACRES OF LAND, MORE OR LESS, OUT OF AND A PART OF TRACT 5-B, OF SUBDIVISION OF THE MRS. A.B. PAYTON ESTATE, A PORTION OF THE JAMES P. WALLACE LEAGUE, IN TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, ACCORDING TO THE MAP OR PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN/UNDER BOOK 3, PAGE 259 OF THE PLAT RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, SAID 3.29 ACRE TRACT BEING OUT OF 5.58 ACRES AS DESCRIBED IN/UNDER VOLUME 2274, PAGE 504 OF THE REAL PROPERTY RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, TEXAS, SAID 3.29 ACRE TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED BY METES AND BOUNDS AS FOLLOWS, TO-WIT: 
    
  BEGINNING AT A   INCH IRON ROD FOUND ON THE WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE MISSOURI PACIFIC RAILROAD, SAID POINT ALSO BEING THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF LOT THREE (3) OF THE ATRIUM, A SUBDIVISION RECORDED IN VOLUME 83, PAGE 125C OF THE PLAT RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, STATE OF TEXAS; THENCE NORTH 61  07' 47" WEST, ALONG THE NORTHERLY LINE OF SAID LOT 3 (PLAT CALL IS NORTH 61   06' 34" WEST), A DISTANCE OF 403.53 FEET (PLAT CALL IS 403.29 FEET), TO A FOUND 1/2 INCH IRON ROD AT THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 3, SAID NORTHWEST CORNER ALSO BEING IN THE EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MO-PAC EXPRESSWAY; THENCE NORTHEASTERLY ALONG SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, WITH A CHORD BEARING OF NORTH 41  58' 04" EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 358.93 FEET, A RADIUS OF 627.07 FEET, AND AN ARC DISTANCE OF 364.01 FEET TO A FOUND  TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (TXDOT) BRASS MONUMENT; THENCE CONTINUING ALONG SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, NORTH 58  37' 22" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 97.65 FEET TO A FOUND 3/4 INCH IRON ROD ON THE SOUTHERLY LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO JOHN JOSEPH, RECORDED IN VOLUME 3365, PAGE 1163 OF THE DEED RECORDS OF TRAVIS COUNTY, STATE OF TEXAS, FROM WHICH BEARS A FOUND 3/4 INCH BOLT NORTH 58  38' 17  EAST, A DISTANCE OF 84.82 FEET; THENCE SOUTH 61  11' 45" EAST, ALONG SAID SOUTHERLY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 204.56 FEET TO A FOUND 1/2 INCH IRON ROD IN THE WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE MISSOURI PACIFIC RAILROAD, FROM WHICH BEARS A FOUND 1/2 INCH BOLT, NORTH 19  49' 45" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 75.00 FEET: THENCE SOUTH 19  49' 34" WEST, ALONG SAID WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 440.07 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. 
  
   20 

DODGE CITY, KS 
    
  Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 1, Gremar Addition, a subdivision of part of the North Half  (N/2) of the Northwest Quarter (NW/4) of Section 32, Township 26 South, Range 24 West of the 6th P.M., Ford County, Kansas 
  
   21 

ENNIS, TX 
    
  TRACT I: 
    
  All that certain lot, tract or parcel of land situated in the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being part of the Claiborne Garrett Survey Abstract 383, and also being a portion of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision, an addition to the City of Ennis, as recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records of Ellis County, and being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a 1/2 inch iron rod found for corner in the westerly right-of-way line of Old Highway 75 (an unknown width public right-of-way) at the northeasterly corner of said Lot 1: 
    
  THENCE in a southerly direction along said westerly line of Old Highway 75 and along a curve to the left whose chord bears South 32 degrees 09 minutes 15 seconds East a distance of 336.57 feet and having a radius of 2924.79 feet, a central angle of 06 degrees 36 minutes 49 seconds and an arc length of 336. 76 feet to a point for corner in the northerly line of a gravel road; 
    
  THENCE in a westerly and southwesterly direction along the northerly and northwesterly line of said public street the following calls; 
    
  South 55 degrees 48 minutes 50 seconds West a distance of 145.17 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 61 degrees 59 minutes 19 seconds West a distance of 230.94 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 48 degrees 06 minutes 08 seconds West a distance of 130.41 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  South 26 degrees 39 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 55. 10 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 136.56 feet to a point for corner being the beginning of a curve to the right; 
    
  THENCE in a northerly direction along said curve to the right having a radius of 413.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds and an arc length of 128.55 feet to a point for corner being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 74.33 feet to a point for a corner; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 78.60 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 79.73 feet to a point for corner in the northerly line of said Lot 1; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 33 minutes 18 seconds East along the northerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 388.52 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 178,541 square feet or 4.0987 acres, more or less. 

22 

TRACT II: 
    
  ALL that certain lot, tract or parcel of land being situated in the CLAIBORNE GARRETT SURVEY, ABSTRACT NUMBER 383, City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being those same parcels as conveyed to Owens Corning Composite Materials LLC, warranty deed recorded in Volume 2279, Page 275, Official Public Records, Ellis County, Texas, and being described as Tract Two - Tract One and Tract Two herein, with Tract Three being a portion of LOT 1, KOCH SUBDIVISION, an Addition to the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, according to the Plat thereof recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records, Ellis County, Texas, and all being more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows: 
    
  PARCEL ONE: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point for corner at the intersection of the southerly right-of-way line of Cedar Road (an apparent 50 foot wide public right-of-way) and the westerly right-of-way line of Old Highway 75 (an unknown width public right-of-way), said point also being on a curve whose radius point bears North 71 degrees 37 minutes 54 seconds East, a distance of 2924. 79 feet;  
    
  THENCE Southerly, with said curve and said westerly right-of-way line, passing a found 1/2 inch iron rod at 0.28 feet, continuing through a central angle of 09 degrees 18 minutes 48 seconds, an arc distance of 4 475.42 feet to a point for corner being the northeast corner of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision as filed in Cabinet C, Slide 30, Map Records of Ellis County, Texas; 
    
  THENCE South 6l degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds West, departing said right-of-way line, a  distance of 498.40 feet to a point for corner on the easterly right-of-way line of the Texas Midland Railroad Company property (a 30 foot wide railroad right-of-way); 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds West, along said railroad right-of-way, a distance of 494.35 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East, a distance of 388.81 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 206,786 square feet or 4.7472 acres of land, more or less. 
    
  PARCEL TWO: 
    
  Being a tract or parcel of land situated in the City of Ennis, Ellis County, Texas, and being part of the Claiborne Garrett Survey Abstract 383, and also being a portion of Lot 1 of Koch Subdivision, an addition to the City of Ennis as recorded in Cabinet C, Slide 30 of the Map Records of Ellis County, and being more particularly described as follows:  
    
  BEGINNING at a point for corner at an iron rod set in the Northwesterly line of a public street said point being the southwesterly corner of said Lot 1;  
    
  THENCE North 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds West along the westerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 156.88 feet to a point for corner being the beginning of a curve to the right; 
    
  THENCE in a Northerly direction continuing along said westerly line and along said curve to the right having a radius of 443.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds, and an arc length of 137.88 feet to a point for corner being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE North 11 degrees 24 minutes 13 seconds West continuing along said westerly line a distance of 145.08 feet to a point for corner; 
  
   23 

THENCE North 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds East along the northerly line of said Lot 1 a distance of 109.88 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE South 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 79.73 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE South 61 degrees 25 minutes 18 seconds West a distance of 78.60 feet to a point for corner; 
    
  THENCE South 11 degrees 25 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 74.33 feet to the beginning of a curve to the left; 
    
  THENCE in a southerly direction along said curve to the left having a radius of 413.39 feet, a central angle of 17 degrees 49 minutes 00 seconds, an arc length of 128.55 feet to a point for corner being the end of said curve; 
    
  THENCE South 29 degrees 14 minutes 07 seconds East a distance of 136.56 feet to a point for corner in a gravel road; 
    
  THENCE South 26 degrees 39 minutes 28 seconds West along the northwesterly line of said gravel road, a distance of 36.24 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING and containing 18,881 square feet or 0.4334 acres of land, more or less. 
    
  TRACT III: 
    
  Easement Estate created in Easement dated June 7, 1977, recorded in Volume 610, Page 906, Deed Records, Ellis County, Texas; as affected by Assignment and Assumption of Easement dated December 31, 2007, filed January 16. 2008, recorded under Volume 2362, Page 2045 of the Real Property Records of Ellis County, Texas. 
  
   24 

FONTANA, CA 
    
  All that certain real property situated in the County of San Bernardino, State of California, described as follows: 
    
  Parcel No. 1: 
    
  The West 198 feet of that portion of Lot 942, described as follows: All that portion of Lot 942, according to map showing subdivisions of lands belonging to the SEMI-TROPIC LAND AND WATER COMPANY, in the City of Fontana, County of San Bernardino, State of California, as per plat recorded in Book 11 of Maps, Page 12, records of San Bernardino County, lying East of line that is 40 feet East of the East line of the railway line of the Southern Pacific Railroad right of way, Declez Spur, as described in documents recorded in Book 78 of Deeds, Page 71, records of San Bernardino County. Areas and distance computed to street centers as shown on said Map; containing 3.0 acres, more or less. 
    
  Parcel No. 2: 
    
  That portion of a vacated street formerly known as Live Oak Avenue, lying West of the West line of Lot 942, according to map showing subdivision of lands belonging to the SEMI-TROPIC LAND AND WATER COMPANY, in the City of Fontana, County of San Bernardino, State of California, as per plat recorded in Book 11 of Maps, Page 12, records of said San Bernardino County, said street being 40 feet wide and abandoned and vacated by a resolution of the City of Fontana, recorded December 12, 1966, as Document No. 583; of Official Records. 
  
   25 

HALSTEAD, KS 
    
  Lots 1 and 2, Block 1, Industrial Park, an addition to the City of Halstead, Harvey County, Kansas. 
  
   26 

LAS VEGAS, NV 
    
  All that certain real property situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as follows: 
    
  PART ONE (I): 
    
  That portion of the West half (W 1/2) of the Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of Section 31, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.M., lying Northerly of the Northerly boundary of the Union Pacific Railroad right of way. 
    
  EXCEPT the interest in the Northerly thirty (30) feet of said land conveyed to Clark County for road purposes by deed recorded January 3, 1962 in Book 335 Doc/Inst. No. 270990, Official Records, Clark County, Nevada. 
    
  APN: 162-31-605-001 
  
   27 

LAWTON, OK 
    
  Lot 1, Block 3, Lawton Industrial Park Part II, an addition to the City of Lawton, Oklahoma, Comanche County, Oklahoma, which Lot is described in the Warranty Deed recorded in Book 1450, page 38, as follows: 
    
  A tract of land described as beginning at a point on the south right of way line of the Burlington Northern Railroad, said point being 3,216.47 feet North 00 24'28" East and 977.856 feet North 85 01'03.47" West of the Southeast Corner of the Southwest Quarter of Section 31, Township 2 North, Range 12 West, I.M., Comanche County, Oklahoma; 
    
  THENCE South 00 21'22" West a distance of 382 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 89 38'38" West a distance of 320 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 00 21'22"' East a distance of 215 feet; 
    
  THENCE North 33 59'11.39" West a distance of 261.236 feet; 
    
  THENCE in an easterly direction along a curve to the left having a radius of 5779.578 feet a distance of 354.065 feet; 
    
  THENCE South 85 01'03.47" East a distance of 115.935 feet to the point of beginning. 
  
   28 

LITTLE ROCK, AR 
    
  Part of the West half (W 1/2) of the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4), Northeast Quarter (NE 1/4), Section Thirty-Five (35), Township 1 North, Range 12 West, Pulaski County, Arkansas, more particularly described as follows: starting at the Northwest corner of said NE  , Section 35: thence South 0 degrees 5 minutes West 326.95 feet deeded (South 1 degrees 45 minutes 29 seconds West 326.95 feet measured) along the North-South center line of Section 35 to the point of beginning: thence South 89 degrees 53 minutes East 659.8 feet deeded (South 88 degrees 12 minutes 50 seconds East 659.80 feet measured) to a point; thence South 0 degrees 03 minutes East 328.2 feet deeded (South 1 degrees 45 minutes 15 seconds West 328.20 feet measured) to a point: thence North 89 degrees 47 minutes West 660.6 feet deeded (North 88 degrees 06 minutes 20 seconds West 659.82 feel measured) to a point: thence North 0 degrees 05 minutes East 326.95 feet deeded 
  (North 1 degrees 45 minutes 29 seconds East 326.95 feet measured) along the North-South center line of Section 35, to the point of beginning. 
  
   29 

MEMPHIS (EM), TN 
    
  PARCEL 1: 
    
  Lots 109 and 110 of the Memphis and Shelby County Port Commission's Industrial Subdivision, as shown on record in Plat Book 17, Page 2, in the Register's Office of Shelby County, Tennessee, to which plat reference is hereby made for a more particular description of said property. 
    
  PARCEL 2: 
    
  Lot 111 or the Memphis and Shelby County Port Commission's Industrial Subdivision, as shown on record in Plat Book 17, Page 2, in the Register's Office or Shelby County, Tennessee, to which plat reference is hereby made for a more particular description of said property. 
  
   30 

READING, PA 
    
  PREMISES A: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or parcel of land situate in the Township of Muhlenberg County of Berks and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and being more fully bounded and described as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of property of Windsor Service, Inc., said point being 500.68 feet more or less East of the centerline of Traffic Route 61, formerly Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike, said point being also in the northerly line of property conveyed by L.H. Focht   Son, Inc., to Windsor Service, Inc., by Deed dated September 12, 1961, in Deed Book Volume 1395, page 830; thence along property of Windsor Service, Inc., North 22 degrees 45 minutes 45 seconds East, a distance of 563.12 feet more or less and North 21 degrees 03 minutes 34 seconds West, a distance of 100.00 feet more or less to a point in line of property of L.H. Focht   Son, Inc.; thence along same North 68 degrees 56 minutes 26 seconds East, a distance of 642.087 feet more or less to a point in the westerly right of way line of the Schuylkill Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad; thence along same South 8 degrees 28 minutes West, a distance of 77.145 feet to a Pennsylvania Railroad Monument, and South 9 degrees 28 minutes West, a distance of 777.58 feet more or less to an iron pin in line of property of Windsor Service, Inc.; thence along same South 89 degrees 30 minutes West, a distance of 642.45 feet more or less to the place of Beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING in area 9.5 acres of land, more or less. 
    
  PREMISES B: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, described according to a survey thereof made by William H. Dechant   Sons, dated December 31, l 921, as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at an iron pin in the middle of Centre Turnpike Fifty feet Southeastward, measured on a radial line from the center line of a siding leading from the Philadelphia and Reading Railway into a Quarry, known as Gehret s Quarry; thence in a general Eastward direction, concentric with and fifty feet radially from the center line of said siding, by a curve to the right, having a radius of Two hundred  and Ninety-eight feet five and three-eighths inches, an arc distance of Two hundred and Fifty-eight feet nine inches to a point; thence through land of Reading Company South 02 degrees 45 minutes West Three hundred and twenty-seven feet eight and three-eighths inches to a point; and North 87 degrees 15 minutes West Two hundred and fifty feet eight and one-eighths inches to an iron pin in the middle of the Turnpike, aforesaid, and thence along the middle of said 
  Turnpike North 02 degrees 45 minutes East 330 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 2 acres. 
    
  PREMISES C: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, bounded and described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of Berks Products Corporation; said point being 500.68 feet East of Traffic Route #122, on South side of a 20 ft. wide right of way reservation; thence along property of Windsor Service, Inc., the following bearings and distances; North 0 degrees 30 minutes West 240.73 feet and North 38 degrees 18 minutes 04 seconds East, a distance of 354.93 feet to a point in line of property of Berks Products  
  
   31 

Corporation; thence along property of Berks Products Corporation South 22 degrees 45 minutes 45 seconds West, a distance of 563.12 feet to the place of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING .614 acres. 
    
  PREMISES D: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or parcel of land situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, more particularly bounded and described as follows, to wit: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in the middle of Center Turnpike, locally known as a state highway, Traffic Route 122, said point being a corner in common property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., and the herein described premises, thence along property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Incorporated, north 68 degrees 56 minutes and 26 seconds east the distance of 734 feet and 8 3/4 inches to a point, thence along property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, south 21 degrees 03 minutes 34 seconds east the distance of 100 feet to a point, thence along the property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, south 38 degrees 18 minutes 04 seconds west the distance of 354.93 feet to a point, thence along property of now or late of Berks Products Corporation south 0 degrees 30 minutes east the distance of 240 feet 8 3/4 inches to a point in line, a property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son Incorporated, thence along the said property now or 
  late of L.H. Focht and Son Incorporated, south 89 degrees 30 minutes west, the distance of 250 feet to a point, a corner of Arthur L. Walborn, thence along property of Arthur L. Walborn, north 0 degrees 30 minutes west the distance of 327 feet 8 3/8 inches to a point, thence still along same by a line curving to the left, having a radius of 298 feet 5 3/8 inches, the distance of 258 feet 9 inches to a point in the aforementioned Center Turnpike, thence along the middle of the said Turnpike north 0 degrees and 30 minutes west, the distance of 22 feet 11 1/8 inches to the place of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 4 acres 19.7 perches. 
    
  RESERVING AND EXCEPTING therefrom, however, unto the said Berks Products Corporation, its successors and assigns, a 20 feet wide right of way along the southern boundary line of the herein conveyed property and extending from property of Arthur L. Walborn to property now or late of Berks Products Corporation, for a distance of 250 feet, more particularly bounded and described as follows: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in line of property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., and a corner of the above described tract, thence along property of Arthur L, Walborn, North 0 degrees and 30 minutes West, the distance of 20 feet to a point, thence along the above described tract (leased herein), North 89 degrees and 30 minutes East, the distance of 250 feet to a point in line of property of now or late Berks Products Corporation, thence along property of now or late of Berks Products Corporation, South 0 degrees and 30 minutes East, the distance of 20 feet to a point in line of property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., thence along property now or late of L.H. Focht and Son, Inc., South 89 degrees and 30 minutes West, the distance of 250 feet to the place of beginning. 
    
  PREMISES E: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or piece of ground situate in the Township of Muhlenberg, County of Berks and State of Pennsylvania, bounded and described as follows:  
    
  BEGINNING at a drill hole in the center line of Pennsylvania State Highway U.S. Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike, and in line between lands now or late of G.W. Focht Stone Company and the Texas Oil Company; thence along said line South 86 degrees 36 minutes East, a distance of 1141.34 feet to an iron pin in the westerly right-of-way line of the Schuylkill Valley Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad; thence along  
  
   32 

the same South 13 degrees 15 3/4 minutes West a distance of 222.79 feet to an iron pin in line of property now or late of Reading Company; thence along the same South 79 degrees 52 minutes West a distance of 877.74 feet to an iron pin: thence still along the same North 3 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 350 feet to an iron pin: thence still along the same North 86 degrees 36 minutes West a distance of 250 feet to a drill hole in the center line of said Pennsylvania State Highway U.S. Route 122, known as the Pottsville Pike: thence along the same North 03 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 75 feet to the place of Beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 6 acres and 133.66 perches. 
    
  EXCEPTING AND RESERVING therefrom a tract of land containing 8.38 Acres; Koch Properties Site being Lot 2 on Subdivision Plan recorded in Plan Book 240, Page 1, conveyed to New Penn Motor Express, Inc., dated December 15, 1999 in Volume 3161, Page 1778. 
    
  The above premises A through E which are contiguous parcels, are further described in accordance with a survey by Ludgate Engineering Corporation dated 3-29-05, Drawing No. 04200405, as follows: 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN parcel of ground with the improvements thereon situate in Muhlenberg Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, being on the east side of Pottsville Pike, shown on a plan prepared by Ludgate Engineering Corporation, Plan No. E-4200499, and being more fully bounded and described as follows TO WIT: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in the pavement of Pottsville Pike, a corner of lands of Gary D. and Mary O. Wolfe: thence along lands of Wolfe North 67 degrees 53 minutes 26 seconds East 1044.59 feet to a point, a corner of Lot #2; thence along Lot #2 the sixteen following courses and distances: 
    
  1.         South 09 degrees 03 minutes 57 seconds East 406.52 feet to a point. 
    
  2.         South 20 degrees 21 minutes 16 seconds West 52.85 feet to a point. 
    
  3.         South 61 degrees 17 minutes 05 seconds West 122.29 feet to a point. 
    
  4.         South 83 degrees 00 minutes 41 seconds West 81.96 feet to a point. 
    
  5.         North 68 degrees 17 minutes 25 seconds West 37.12 feet to a point. 
    
  6.         North 37 degrees 16 minutes 56 seconds West 57.59 feet to a point. 
    
  7.         South 54 degrees 51 minutes 42 seconds West 10.47 feet lo a point, a corner of Lot # 1. 
    
  8.         South 20 degrees 51 minutes 15 seconds West 49.50 feet to a point. 
    
  9.         South 39 degrees 15 minutes 53 seconds West 222.48 feet to a point. 
    
  10.         South 37 degrees 22 minutes 09 East 43.29 feet to a point. 
    
  11.         South 83 degrees 46 minutes 15 seconds East 38.25 feet to a point. 
    
  12.         South 21 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds East 44.38 feet to a point. 
    
  13.         South 15 degrees 50 minutes 35 seconds West 31.38 feet to a point. 
    
  14.         South 20 degrees 11 minutes 53 seconds East 158.06 feet to a point. 
  
   33 

15.         South 75 degrees 18 minutes 33 seconds West 176.94 feet to a point. 

Thence along Giorgio Foods, Inc., the three following courses and distances: 
    
  1.         South 75 degrees 18 minutes 33 seconds West 311.46 feet to a point. 
    
  2.         North 01 degree 21 minutes 42 seconds West 348.92 feet to an iron pipe. 

Thence in and along Pottsville Pike North 01 degree 18 minutes 04 seconds West 427.93 feet to a point, the place of BEGINNING. 
    
  CONTAINING 14.40 Acres. 
    
  Tax ID/Parcel No. 66-5309-19-51-9494 
    
  BEING THE SAME PREMISES which Koch Materials Company, a Delaware corporation, by Deed dated May 27, 2005, but made effective as of May 31, 2005, and recorded June 7, 2005, in the Recorder of Deeds Office in and for Berks County, PA, in Book 4596, page 1495, granted and conveyed unto SemMaterials. LP, an Oklahoma limited partnership. 
  
   34 

SALINA, KS 
    
  TRACT A: A tract in the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of the Northeast Quarter (NE 1/4) of Section Eleven (11), Township Fourteen (14) South, Range Three (3) West of the 6   th    P.M., Saline County, Kansas, which is described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at the Northwest corner of said NE/4: thence South along the West line of said NE/4, 378.92 feet: thence East 93.61 feet; thence North 122.22 feet; thence S88 25'00"E, 621.84 feet to the West Right-of-Way Line of Dry Creek Channel: thence N05 22'00"E 272.80 feet to the North line of said NE/4; thence N89 49'26'' W along said North line 740.73 feet to the point of beginning: said property including all or a substantial portion of portion of Lot Five (5), Block One (1), Final Plat of Hixson-Lebenbaurer Subdivision PUD, Saline County, Kansas. 
    
  As measured: 
    
  Beginning at the Northwest corner of said NE/4; thence South along the West line of said NE/4, 378.69 feet: thence East 93.66 feet: thence North 122.11 feet; thence S88 31'47"E, 621.79 feet to the West Right-of-Way line of Dry Creek Channel; thence N05 24'37"E, 271.50 feet to the North line of said NE/4; thence N89 49'26"W along said North line 741.03 feet to the point of beginning; said property including all or a substantial portion of Lot Five (5), Block One (1), Final Plat of Hixson-Lehenbaurer Subdivision PUD, Saline County, Kansas. 
    
  TRACT B: A tract of land in the South Half of Section 2, Township 14 South, Range 3 West of the 6th Principal Meridian in Saline County, Kansas more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at the SW Corner of the SE 1/4 of Section 2, Township 14 South, Range 3 West; thence east along the south line of said SE 1/4 of an assumed bearing of N89 l5'l4''E a distance of 1270.13 feet to the center of the old channel of Dry Creek; thence along center of the channel of Dry Creek on the following described courses: l. N02 33'00"E, 37.00 feet; 2. N14 02'00"W, 50.00 feet; 3. N29 34'00"W, 60.00 feet; 4. N54 55'00"W, 47.00 feet; 5. N58 46'00"W, 46.00 feet; 6. N87 32'00"W, 59.00 feet; 7. S76 50'00"W, 32.00 feet; 8. S68 24'00"W, 120.00 feet; 9. N59 38'00"W, 45.00 feet; 10. N33 2 00"W, 184.00 feet; 11. Nl6 40'00"E, 114.00 feet; 12. N06  13'00"W, 112.00 feet; 13. N30 57'00''E, 47.00 feet; l4. N67 30'00"E, 57.00 feet; 15. N38 57'00"E, 43.00 feet; 16. N37 03'00"W, 38.00 feet; 17. N64 4l'00"W, 96.00 feet; 18. N46 53'00"W, 54.00 feet; 19. N 13 37'00"W, 87.00 feet; 20. N20 27 00"E, 56.00 feet; 21. N57 56'00"E, 45.00 feet; 22. N78 05'00"E, 54.00 feet; 23. S79 04'00"E, 70.00 feet; 24. S71 11'00"E, 170.00 feet; 25. S74 29'00"E, 72.00 feet; 26. S23 36'00"E, 52.00 feet; 27. S01 43'00''W, 40.00 feet; 28. Sl3 54'00"W, 148.00 feet; 29. S05 18'00"E, 62.00 feet; 30. S47 00'00"E, 45.00 feet; 31. S71 48'00"E, 87.00 feet: 32. S88 10'00"E, 40.00 feet; 33. N49 00'00"E, 31.00 feet; 34. N39 20'00''E, 59.00 feet; 35. N00 18'00"E, 45.00 feet; 36. N03 28'00"W, 121.00 feet; 37. N 10 48'00"E, 102.00 feet; 38. N l0 12'00"E, 120.00 feet; 39. N04 06'00"W, 24.71 feet; thence leaving the center of the channel of Dry Creek S89 15'14"W, 1714.94 feet to a point on the Easterly right-of-way of the Union Pacific Railroad; thence S11 37'44"E, along said Easterly right-of-way 962.19 feet to a point on the South line of the SW 1/4 of said Section 2; thence N89 36'26"E, 108.58 feet back to the Point of Beginning. 
  
   35 

NORTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 
    
  PARCEL 1: 
    
  A parcel of land lying in the Southeast Quarter of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, being more particularly described as follows:  
    
  Commencing at a point North 1830.40 feet and West 747.0 feet from the Southeast corner of said Section 35; and running thence South 8  49'35" West 403.76 feet to the beginning of a curve to the right, having a central angle of 58  28'40'', a radius of 358.10 feet; thence along the arc of said curve 365.49 feet to the point of tangent; thence South 89  53'35" West 81.93 feet; thence North 0  06'25" West 569.73 feet to the Southerly right of way of Moss Street; thence North 89  53'35" East 449.18 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Parcel ID # 06-086-0032 
    
  PARCEL 2: 
    
  A parcel of land which lies within the Southeast Quarter of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, said parcel being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at a point which lies North 1830.40 feet and West 1196.18 feet from the Southeast corner of said Section 35, said point also lies on the South right-of-way line of 1100 North Street (Moss Street by deed); and running thence South 89  53'35" West along said right of way line 102.29 feet; thence South 00  06'25" East 155.71 feet: thence South 89  53'35" West 280.00 feet; thence South 00  06'25" East 414.02 feet; thence North 89  53'35" East 382.29 feet; thence North 00  06'25" West 569.73 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Above described parcel 2 contains 4.00 acres, more or less. Parcel 2 is subject to right-of-way for road and railroad purposes over the South 22.50 feet. 
    
  Parcel ID #06-086-0072 
    
  PARCEL 3: 
    
  Beginning at a point North 1830.40 feet and West 1196.18 feet and South 89 53'35" West 102.29 feet, (Deed = West 1298.47 feet) from the Southeast corner of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Meridian; said point also lies on the South right of way line of 1100 North Street (Moss Street); and running thence along said street North 89 53'35" West 280.70 feet; thence South 0 06'25" West 155.71 feet; thence South 89 53'35" East 280.00 feet; thence North 0 06'25" East 155.71 feet to point of beginning. 
    
  Above described parcel contains 1.00 Acres, more or less. 
    
  Parcel I.D # 06-086-0071 
  
   36 

WOODS CROSS, UTAH 
    
  Beginning on the South line of a street at a point South 89 45'00" East 352.96 feet along the monument line and South 09 18'45" West 33.42 feet and South 89 45' East 1148.53 feet from the center line intersection of 1500 South and 1100 West Streets (said intersection being further described as North: 925,985.92 feet, East: 1,886,318.26 feet, Utah State Coordinate System (Central Zone)) and running thence South 89 45'00" East 129.86 feet along said street to the West line of O.S.L. Railroad Right-of-Way, thence South 14 55'15" West 1297.14 feet along said right-of-way line of Section 25, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt lake Base and Meridian: thence North 89 42'56" West along said section line 1149.91 feet to the East right-of-way line of the Denver Rio Grande Railroad which point is North 89 42'56" West 104.12 feet from the Southeast 
  corner of Section 26, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian; thence North 09 18'45" East 861.41 feet along said right-of-way to a point of curvature to a 288.34-foot radius curve to the right and the centerline of a railroad spur; thence along said centerline for an arc distance of 274.62 feet (central angle = 54 34'12" chord bearing and distance= North 62 30'14" East 264.36 feet); thence South 89 40'01" East 325.17 feet; thence South 0 22'09" West 19.60 feet: thence South 89 40'01" East 101.00 feet: thence North 0 22'09" East 19.60 feet: to the centerline of a railroad spur; thence South 89 40'01" East 409.16 feet along said spur to a point of curvature to a 326.71-foot radius curve to the left; thence along the arc of said curve for a distance of 99.57 feet (central angle = 17 27'44" chord bearing and distance = North 82 39'50" East 99.19 feet): thence North 9 49'13" East 272.34 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Boundary Description 
    
  A parcel of land situated in the Southwest quarter of Section 25 and the Southeast quarter of Section 26, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian, being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Beginning at the Southwest corner of said Section 25 (basis of bearing being South 89 47'14  West 2659.17 between the South quarter corner and the Southwest corner of Section 25, Township 2 North, Range 1 West, Salt Lake Base and Meridian); and running thence along the section line South 89 59'55"' West 105.35 feet to a point on the East right of way line of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, thence along said right of way line North 09 02'28" East 867.77 feet to a point on the Southwest corner of that certain tract of land (Tax ID# 06-050-0110 as recorded in the Davis County Recorders Office) said point also being a point on a 288.37 foot radius curve to the right; thence along said property the following (8) calls: l) 267.31 feet along the arc of said curve through a central angle of 53 06'38" (chord bears North 62 44'34" East 257.84 feet): 2) North 89 50'47" East 325.17 feet: 3) South 0 07'07" East 19.60 feet: 4) North 89 50'29" East 101.00 feet; 5) North 0 07 07  West 19.60 feet; 6) north 89 50'47" East 409.16 feet to a point on a 326.71 foot radius curve to the left; 7) 99.58 feet along the arc of said curve through a central angle of 17 27'48" (chord bears North 82 10'33" East 99.19 feet); 8) North 09 19'55" East 272.54 feet to a point on the South right-of-way line of 1500 South Street; thence along said right-of-way line North 89 45'29" East 135.81 feet to a point on the West right-of-way line or the Union Pacific Railroad; thence along said right-of-way line South 14 49'48" West 1299.75 feet to a point on the South line of said Section 25; thence along said Section line South 89 47'13" West 1041.14 feet to the point of beginning. 
    
  Contains 1,192,140 square feet, or 27.368 Acres. 
  
   37 

NORTHUMBERLAND, PA 
    
  ALL THAT CERTAIN tract or parcel of ground, situated in Point Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania and is bounded and described as follows, to wit: 
    
  COMMENCING at a point in the center line of the Penn Central Transportation Company's main line which is opposite Mile Post 285; thence along the center line of the Penn Central Transportation Company's Main Line, North 48 degrees 40 minutes West, a distance of 1,068.5 feet to a point where the Penn Central Transportation Company's main line intersects the Western line of the Borough of Northumberland; thence along the western line of the Borough of Northumberland. South 44 degrees 39 minutes West, a distance of 156.79 feet to the point of beginning of the within described tract of ground, thence continuing along the Western line of the Borough of Northumberland South 44 degrees 39 minutes West, a distance of 314.17 feet to a point distant 20 feet Northeastwardly at right angles from the center line of the tract of railroad of the Penn Central Transportation Company known as Thoroughfare No. 1; thence parallel with said 
  centerline of Thoroughfare No. 1, North 53 degrees 28 minutes West a distance of 219.13 feet to a point of curvature: thence still parallel with said centerline of Thoroughfare No. 1, on a curve to the right having a radius of 5,851.87 feet and an arc of 366.61 feet, whose chord is North 51 degrees 40 minutes 19 seconds West, a distance of 366.55 feet to a point; thence along Tract 2 of the hereinafter mentioned plan North 40 degrees 7 minutes 22 seconds East, a distance of 351.27 feet to a point distant 20 feet Southwestwardly at right angles from the center line of a tract of railroad at Penn Central Transportation Company; thence parallel with said center line of the last mentioned track of railroad, South 48 degrees 40 minutes East a distance of 610 feet to the place of beginning. 
    
  CONTAINING 4.60 acres more or less. 
    
  BEING Tract No. 1 on that certain subdivision plan for Bituminous Emulsion of Northumberland, Pa., Inc. recorded in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds for Northumberland County at Plan Book 8, Page 29. 
    
  TOGETHER with the perpetual right, liberty and privilege to use, for grantees, its heirs, successors and assigns and for their agents, employees, tenants, invitees, licensees, shippers and all other persons having business with grantees, in common with all others entitled to the use thereof as and for a roadway to be constructed and maintained as a means of access to and from the land hereby conveyed (Tracts 1 and 2 herein, being Tracts 3 and 1, respectively, of the above mentioned Plan) and Fourth Street. 
    
  ALL THAT strip or parcel of land, 50 feet wide, situate as aforesaid, being 25 feet on each side of the following described centerline: 
    
  BEGINNING at a point in the second or North 53 degrees, 28 minutes West, 219.13 feet course of Tract No. 1 of the aforementioned Plan, said second course being parallel with and 20 feet northeastwardly at right angles, from the centerline of the tract of railroad of Penn Central Transportation Company known as Thoroughfare No. 1, said beginning point being at the distance of 50 feet measured North 53 degrees, 28 minutes West, along  part of said second course, from the beginning thereof in the western line of the Borough of Northumberland; extending thence South 36 degrees, 32 minutes West, through land of Penn Central Transportation Company, crossing said Thoroughfare No. I, a distance of 28 feet, more or less, to a point in the general northeasterly line of an existing road of Penn Central Transportation Company, the point of ending; and  
    
  ALSO TOGETHER WITH the existing roadway which extends in an easterly direction from the projected northwesterly line of the access easement described herein along the southerly side of the tract of railroad  
  
   38 

of Penn Central Transportation Company known as Thoroughfare No. 1 to the existing roadway which extends northeastwardly to connect with Fourth Street and thence northeastwardly along said roadway to Fourth Street. 
    
  Tax Parcel No. 34-49 A 
    
  Being the same premises which Koch Materials Company, a Delaware corporation by Deed dated May 27, 2007, but made effective as of the 31st day of May 2005 and recorded June 7, 2005 in Northumberland County in Record Book 1767, Page 409 conveyed unto SemMaterials, L.P., an Oklahoma limited partnership, in fee. 
  
   39 

GARDEN CITY, GEORGIA 
    
  ALL that certain lot, tract or parcel of land situated, lying and being in Chatham County, Georgia, being known as Lot  B , Koch Fuels, a portion of the Foundation Tract and being more particularly described as follows: 
    
  Commencing at a point at the intersection of the northern right-of-way line of Foundation Road and the eastern right-of-way of U.S. Highway 17 thence along a paved road (Foundation Road) in a northeasterly direction 2545 feet more or less to a point on the northern right-of-way of Norfolk Southern Railroad: thence along said right-of-way North 48 31'41" East a distance of 183.49 feel to an iron rod, the Point of Beginning: thence departing said right-of-way North 00 29'22" West a distance of 281.37 feet to a "PK" Nail; thence North 48 31'36" East a distance of 890.55 feet to a railroad iron; thence South 41 28'55" East a distance of 281.37 feet to a railroad iron on the northern right-of-way line of Norfolk Southern Railroad: thence along said right-of-way South 48 31'41" West a distance of 887.05 feet to an iron rod, the said Point of Beginning.  
    
  Said parcel contains 250,075.26 square feet (5.74 acre). 
    
  The parcel as a whole is bounded on the west by lands now or formerly owned by Carroll   Carroll, Inc., on the north by lands now or formerly owned by Southern Region Industrial Realty. Inc., on the east by lands now or formerly owned by Savannah Economic Development, and on the south by Norfolk Southern Railroad. This is the same property described in Exhibit A in the title commitment 50214.04 by LandAmerica Lawyers Title dated February 24, 2005. 
    
  TOGETHER WITH casement rights set forth in the following: 
    
  a.         Access Easement Agreement by and between Carroll   Carroll, Inc. and Koch Materials Company, dated December 11, 1995, filed January 30, 1996, recorded in Deed Book 176-V, Page 632, Chatham County records; and 
    
  b.         Right of Way Agreement by and between Imbric Securities Company, Ltd. Mexican Petroleum Corporation of Georgia and Southern Building Products Corporation, dated September 20, 1929, recorded in Deed Book 25-W, Page 491, aforesaid records. 
  
   40 

EXHIBIT A-2 
    
  RAIL LEASES 
    
  Dodge City, Kansas 
    
  Lease of Land (Short Term) (Contract No. 157011) between The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company, predecessor in interest to The Burlington and Northern Santa Fe Railway Company, and Kansas Emulsions, Inc., predecessor in interest to SemMaterials, LP., dated February 12, 1979, as amended. 
    
  Las Vegas, Nevada 
    
  Lease (Audit No. 505-73) between Los Angeles   Salt Lake Railroad Company and Union Pacific Railroad Company and Conoco, Inc., predecessor in interest to K.C. Asphalt. L.L.C., dated April 20, 1987, as amended. 
    
  Memphis (EM), Tennessee 
    
  Lease between The Memphis Grain and Hay Association and Southern States Asphalt Co., a division of Ashland Oil, lnc., predecessor in interest to SemMaterials, L.P., dated April 24, 1989. 
  
   41 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  FEES 
    
  Base Rental Fee: 
    
  With respect to each Facility under this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor a monthly base rental fee (the "Base Rental Fee") equal to the base rental fee specified in the applicable 2009 Agreement for such Facility, as escalated, as of December 31, 2010. The Base Rental Fee for all Facilities shall be payable in advance on or before the first day of each month, commencing on January 1, 2011 and shall be prorated for any partial month during the Term. 
    
  In addition to the Base Rental Fee, Lessee shall pay to Lessor an amount equal to Property Taxes and insurance Premiums (as hereafter defined) attributable to the Leased Premises. Lessee shall pay Property Taxes on a monthly basis with each monthly payment equal to 1/12 of the prior year's Property Taxes for each Facility. After Property Taxes for the current year are paid, Lessee or Lessor, as applicable, will pay the other Party an amount equal to the difference of the actual Property Taxes paid for such year and the aggregate monthly payments that have been made by Lessee for such year. Lessor shall provide reasonable backup documentation of Property Taxes and Insurance Premiums. For purposes of this   Exhibit B  , "  Insurance Premiums  " shall mean premiums payable by Lessor for the property insurance which Lessor is required to carry pursuant 
  to   Section 11.6   hereof. Insurance Premiums will be invoiced on an annual basis. Lessee shall pay all such invoiced amounts for Property Taxes and Insurance Premiums within ten (10) days of the date of the applicable invoice. 
    
  Excess Throughput Charge: 
    
  With respect to the Facilities under this Agreement and the facilities under the Master Sublease Agreement (the "  Cumulative Facilities  "), Lessee shall also pay to Lessor an excess throughput charge (the "  Excess Throughput Charge  ") equal to the product of the Excess Throughput Fee and the Excess Throughput Quantity for the Cumulative Facilities. For purposes hereof, the "Excess Throughput Fee" shall be $*** per ton, and the "  Excess Throughput Quantity  " shall be equal to the positive difference between the quantity of asphalt product which is handled, produced, sold or delivered from the Cumulative Facilities in a Contract Year and *** tons (the "T  hreshold Quantity  ").  The Excess Throughput Charge shall be computed monthly (starting from the first day of each Contract Year) and Lessee shall pay Lessor an amount equal to the Excess Throughput Charge less an amount equal to the cumulative sum of all Excess Throughput Charges already paid by Lessee to Lessor during such Contract Year. The Excess Throughput Charge shall be due on or before the thirtieth (30th) day following the end of each month for which the cumulative quantity of all asphalt products handled, produced, sold or delivered exceeds the Threshold Quantity. For the avoidance of doubt, the cumulative quantity of all asphalt products handled, produced, sold or delivered shall include the total quantity of all asphalt products delivered from the Cumulative Facilities, including (i) volumes transferred from one Facility to another and (ii) 100% of the quantity of all emulsion products without reduction of any kind. Excess Throughput Charges shall be subject to audit by Lessor.  
    
  Lessee shall also pay to Lessor an additional throughput incentive charge (the "  Incentive Throughput Charge  ") equal to the product of the applicable Incentive Throughput Factor and the aggregate annual Base Rental Fee for the Cumulative Facilities. For purposes hereof, the "  Incentive Throughput Factor  " shall be: (a) ***% if the Excess Throughput Quantity is less than or equal to *** tons; (b) ***% if the Excess Throughput Quantity is greater than *** tons but less than *** tons; or (c) ***% if the Excess Throughput Quantity is  
  
   42 

*** tons or greater. The Incentive Throughput Charge shall be computed annually and shall be paid within sixty (60) days of the end of each Contract Year. 
    
  For purposes of this Agreement, "  Contract Year  " means a period of 365 consecutive days commencing on January 1, 2011 and each successive period of 365 consecutive days during the Term of this Agreement with the exception of any Contract Year in which February has 29 days when the period will be 366 consecutive days. 
    
  Utilities and Taxes: 
    
  Lessee is solely responsible for all utilities relating to the Facilities and any associated deposits and all such utilities shall be in Lessee's name. Lessee will directly pay when due the actual cost of the utilities used at the Facilities. Lessee shall be solely responsible for all costs of storing and manufacturing asphalt products at the Facilities.  
    
  Lessee shall be responsible for, and shall indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from and against, all taxes, including but not limited to sales, use, personal property and income (Lessee's) taxes generated from or otherwise related to Lessee's use of the Facilities. 
    
  Adjustments: 
    
  The Base Rental Fee will be escalated January 1, 2012 and every January 1   st    hereafter by the percentage change, if any, in the Consumer Price Index - All Urban Consumers - all items less food and energy (U.S. city average base 1982-84 = 100) ("CPI"), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, for the last two calendar years for which data is available based on the average of the monthly CPI data for November to October of the most current year available compared to the same months of the prior year. The Excess Throughput Fee will be escalated January 1, 2013 and every January 1   st    thereafter by the percentage change, if any, in the above noted Consumer Price Index. For the avoidance of doubt, the Incentive Throughput Factor percentages shall not be escalated. In no event shall any of the fees de-escalate. 
  
   43 

Exhibit C 
    
  LEASEHOLD OWNERS  POLICIES OF TITLE INSURANCE 

4.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number 11631345, dated June 30, 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Fontana, California. 

6.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number 08501904, dated June 29, 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

8.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number C89-Z006172, dated September 9, 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Little Rock, Arkansas. 
       
           9.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number C29-0137006, dated June 29. 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Memphis, Tennessee. 
       
           10.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number 11-630-977, dated July 7, 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Reading, Pennsylvania. 

44 

15.  
    Leasehold Owners' Policy of Title Insurance issued by Lawyers Title Insurance Company, Policy Number 11-630-991, dated July 7, 2009, with respect to the Facility located in Northumberland, Pennsylvania. 

45 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 a108secondamendmenttomaste.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.8 
    
  SECOND AMENDMENT 
  TO MASTER FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER FACILITIES LEASE AGREEMENT   (this "  Second Amendment  ") is entered into on July 2, 2012 (the "  Effective Date  "), between BKEP Materials, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company ("  BKEP Materials  "), BKEP Asphalt, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company ("  BKEP Asphalt  ," and together with BKEP Materials, "  Lessor  "), and Ergon Asphalt   Emulsions, Inc., a Mississippi corporation ("  Lessee  ").  Lessor and Lessee are individually referred to herein as a "  Party  " and collectively as the "  Parties  ." 
    
  WHEREAS  , Lessor and Lessee entered into that certain Master Facilities Lease Agreement dated November 11, 2010 (the "  Master Lease  " ), with respect to Lessee's use and lease of Lessor's Facilities located in Austin, Texas; Dodge City, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Fontana, California; Halstead, Kansas; Las Vegas, Nevada; Lawton, Oklahoma; Little Rock, Arkansas; Memphis, Tennessee; Reading, Pennsylvania; Salina, Kansas; North Salt Lake City, Utah; Woods Cross, Utah; Northumberland, Pennsylvania; and Garden City, Georgia, along with certain rail leases as therein specified; 
    
  WHEREAS  , Lessor and Lessee amended the Master Lease pursuant to that certain First Amendment to Master Facilities Lease Agreement dated November 30, 2011 (the "First Amendment"); 
    
  WHEREAS  , the Parties entered into that certain Partial Lease Termination dated December 31, 2011, (the "Partial Lease Termination") related to Lessee's purchase of the Ennis, Texas Facility and the associated partial termination of the Master Lease solely with respect to the Ennis, Texas Facility; and 
    
  WHEREAS  , Lessor and Lessee desire to further amend the terms and conditions of the Master Lease in accordance herewith; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and respective promises, conditions, terms and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties do hereby agree as follows: 
    
  1.          Section 2 of the Master Lease is hereby amended in its entirety as follows: 
    
  Section 2  . The term of this Agreement (the "  Term  ") shall commence on January 1, 2011 and shall terminate on December 31, 2018. 
    
           2. 
    Except as otherwise stated in this Second Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Master Lease, as amended or otherwise modified by the First Amendment and the Partial Lease Termination, shall remain in full force and effect without change, and are hereby ratified by each of the Parties. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Second Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Master Lease. The Parties agree to cooperate with one another and to use their commercially reasonable efforts to effect, or cause to be effected, as the case may be, the transactions contemplated by this Second Amendment. Each of the Parties shall, at any time and from time to time after the date hereof, upon the request of any other Party, execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further instruments or assurances as may be necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the requesting Party to carry out the provisions and intent of this Second Amendment. 

3. 
    This Second Amendment may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts and initially delivered by facsimile transmission or otherwise, with original signature pages to follow and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
       
           4. 
    This Second Amendment shall be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Oklahoma with giving effect to its conflicts of laws and principles. 
       
  [Signature Page to Follow] 

This Second Amendment has been executed by the authorized representatives of each Party as indicated below to be effective as of the Effective Date specified above. 

LESSOR: 

BKEP MATERIALS, L.L.C. 

By: 
    /s/ Jeff Speer 

Name: 
    Jeff Speer 

Title: 
    Sr. VP of Operations 

BKEP ASPHALT, L.L.C. 

By: 
    /s/ Jeff Speer 

Name: 
    Jeff Speer 

Title: 
    Sr. VP of Operations 

LESSEE: 

ERGON ASPHALT   EMULSIONS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ J. Baxter Burns 

Name: 
    J. Baxter Burns, II 

Title: 
    President 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 q32016exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  PURSUANT TO AND IN CONNECTION WITH THE REPORTS 
  TO BE FILED UNDER SECTION 13 AND 15(d) OF THE 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I, Mark Hurley, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: 
    November 2, 2016 

/s/ Mark Hurley 
      Mark Hurley 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      Blueknight Energy Partners, G.P., L.L.C., 
      general partner of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 q32016exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  PURSUANT TO AND IN CONNECTION WITH THE REPORTS 
  TO BE FILED UNDER SECTION 13 AND 15(d) OF THE 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I, Alex G. Stallings, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: 
    November 2, 2016 

/s/ Alex G. Stallings 
      Alex G. Stallings 
      Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of 
      Blueknight Energy Partners, G.P., L.L.C., 
      general partner of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 q32016exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)* 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the  Partnership ), on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, Mark Hurley, Chief Executive Officer of Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., and Alex G. Stallings, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that to his knowledge: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Partnership. 
       
               /s/ Mark Hurley 
      Mark Hurley 
      Chief Executive Officer of 
      Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., 
      general partner of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. 
        
      November 2, 2016 

/s/ Alex G. Stallings 
      Alex G. Stallings 
      Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of 
      Blueknight Energy Partners G.P., L.L.C., 
      general partner of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. 
        
      November 2, 2016 

* 
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained by the Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 bkep-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bkep-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bkep-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bkep-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bkep-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bkep-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

