<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1296435_0001296435-16-000013_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5931050</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72306</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>301575</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2018467</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2559746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>858983</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001296435-16-000013.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001296435-16-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neenah Paper Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001296435
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPER MILLS [2621]
		IRS NUMBER:				201308307
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32240
		FILM NUMBER:		161984388

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3460 PRESTON RIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-566-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3460 PRESTON RIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001296435-16-000013.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 np2016093010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 
    
  x          QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
                TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from                           to                            
    
  Commission File Number: 001-32240 
    
  NEENAH PAPER, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    20-1308307 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(678) 566-6500 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No   x 
    
  As of   November 2, 2016  , there were approximately 16,749,000 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                  Part I   Financial Information  

Item 1. Financial Statements  
    F-1 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    F-16 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
    F-23 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    F-24 

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    F-24 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    F-24 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    F-24 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    F-26 

Table of Contents  

Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Financial Statements 

NEENAH PAPER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In millions, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   F-1 

Table of Contents  

NEENAH PAPER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (In millions) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   F-2 

Table of Contents  

NEENAH PAPER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In millions) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   F-3 

Table of Contents  

NEENAH PAPER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In millions) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   F-4 

Table of Contents  

NEENAH PAPER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Tabular amounts in millions, except as noted) 

Note 1.  Background and Basis of Presentation 
    
  Background 
    
  Neenah Paper, Inc. ( Neenah  or the  Company ), is a Delaware corporation incorporated in April 2004. The Company has   2   primary operations: its technical products business and its fine paper and packaging business. See Note 11,  Business Segment Information.  
    
  Basis of Consolidation and Presentation 
    
  These statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and, in accordance with those rules and regulations, do not include all information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). Management believes that the disclosures made are adequate for a fair presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the interim periods presented herein. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make extensive use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results may vary from these estimates. 
    
  These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Neenah and its subsidiaries included herein are unaudited. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Earnings per Share ( EPS ) 
    
  The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted EPS (dollars in millions except per share amounts, shares in thousands): 
    
  Earnings (Loss) Per Basic Common Share 

F-5 

     Table of Contents  

Earnings (Loss) Per Diluted Common Share    

(a)             For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   antidilutive options. For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , approximately   90,000   potentially dilutive options were excluded from the computation of dilutive common shares because the exercise price of such options exceeded the average market price of the Company s common stock. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   47,000   and   45,000   potentially dilutive options, respectively, were excluded from the computation of dilutive common shares because the exercise price of such options exceeded the average market price of the Company s common stock for the respective nine month periods during which the options were outstanding. 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company measures the fair value of financial instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC Topic 820 ) which establishes a framework for measuring fair value. ASC Topic 820 provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 
    
  The following table presents the carrying value and the fair value of the Company s debt.  

(a)             The fair value for all debt instruments was estimated from Level 2 measurements. 
  (b)             The fair value of short and long-term debt is estimated using rates currently available to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $3.5 million   in marketable securities classified as  Other Assets  on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The cost of such marketable securities was   $3.4 million  . Fair value for the Company s marketable securities was estimated from Level 1 inputs. The Company s marketable securities are designated for the payment of benefits under its supplemental employee retirement plan ( SERP ). As of   September 30, 2016  , Neenah Germany had investments of   $1.7 million   that were restricted to the payment of certain post-retirement employee benefits of which   $0.6 million   and   $1.1 million   are classified as  Prepaid and other current assets  and  Other Assets , respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  
   F-6 

     Table of Contents  

Note 2.  Accounting Standard Changes 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). This guidance specifies how and when an entity will recognize revenue arising from contracts with customers and requires entities to disclose information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has subsequently issued additional, clarifying standards to address issues arising from implementation of the new revenue recognition standard. The new revenue recognition standard and clarifying standards are effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, and may be adopted earlier, but not before January 1, 2017. The Company is currently assessing the new standards and does not believe there will be a material impact from adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  The Company believes it will adopt the new standards using the modified retrospective method as of January 1, 2018. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current lease accounting. The guidance also eliminates current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, although early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718):  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 modifies the accounting for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with share-based payments and amends the associated cash flow presentation. ASU 2016-09 (i) eliminates the requirement to recognize excess tax benefits in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ), (ii) eliminates the requirement to evaluate tax deficiencies for APIC or income tax expense classification and (iii) provides for these benefits or deficiencies to be recorded as an income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. Additionally, the tax benefits related to dividends paid on share-based payment awards will be reflected as an income tax benefit in the income statement. With these changes, tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments will be classified as operating activities as opposed to financing activities, as currently presented. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. The company has elected to early adopt the standard in the three month period ended September 30, 2016, effective as if adopted on the first day of the fiscal year, January 1, 2016. As of December 31, 2015, there were no unrecognized deferred tax assets attributable to excess tax benefits. The adoption of the new standard decreased the provision for income taxes and increased income from continuing operations by   $0.4 million   in the third quarter of 2016. In addition, we recast our previously reported provision for income taxes and increased income from continuing operations by   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million   for the first and second quarter of 2016, respectively.  Further, as part of the adoption, the Company elected to account for forfeitures in compensation cost as they occur. The cumulative impact for the change in election was not material.  The Company elected to adopt prospectively the classification of tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments in operating cash flows. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230 or "ASU 2016-15"), a consensus of the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The Company does not expect a material impact from the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , no other amendments to the ASC have been issued that will have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Note 3.  Acquisitions 
    
  Acquisition of FiberMark 
    
  On August 1, 2015, the Company purchased all of the outstanding equity of ASP FiberMark, LLC ( FiberMark ) from ASP FiberMark Holdings, LLC for approximately   $118.0 million   (the  FiberMark Acquisition ). For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred   $0.4 million   and   $2.2 million   of integration costs, respectively. 
    
  The following selected unaudited pro forma consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   was prepared as though the FiberMark Acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of 2015. The information does not reflect events that occurred after September 30, 2015 or any operating efficiencies or inefficiencies that may result from the FiberMark Acquisition. Therefore, the information is not necessarily indicative of results that would have been achieved had the businesses been combined during the period presented or the results that the Company will experience going forward. 

F-7 

     Table of Contents  

Note 4.  Supplemental Balance Sheet Data 
    
  The following table presents inventories by major class: 

The FIFO values of inventories valued on the LIFO method were   $114.5 million   and   $118.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , income from continuing operations before income taxes was reduced by less than   $0.1 million   due to a decrease in certain LIFO inventory quantities. 

F-8 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company reclassified   $5.5 million   and   $5.4 million  , respectively, of costs from accumulated other comprehensive income to cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized an income tax benefit of   $2.1 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively, related to such reclassifications classified as "Provision for income taxes" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Note 5.  Debt 
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

2021 Senior Notes 
    
  In May 2013, the Company completed an underwritten offering of   eight  -year senior unsecured notes (the  2021 Senior Notes ) at a face amount of   $175 million  . The 2021 Senior Notes contain terms, covenants and events of default with which the Company must comply, which the Company believes are ordinary and standard for notes of this nature. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all terms of the indenture for the 2021 Senior Notes. 
    
  Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  In December 2014, the Company amended and restated its existing credit facility by entering into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Third Amended Credit Agreement ).  The Third Amended Credit Agreement, among other things: 

provides for a secured U.S. revolving credit facility in the maximum principal amount of   $125 million   (the  U.S. Revolving Credit Facility  
                
    provides for a secured, multicurrency, revolving credit facility for the German borrowers in the maximum principal amount of   $75 million   (the  German Revolving Credit Facility,  and together with the U.S. Revolving Credit Facility, the  Global Revolving Credit Facilities  and 
     
   F-9 

     Table of Contents  

provides for an accordion feature permitting one or more increases in the Global Revolving Credit Facilities in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding   $50 million  , such that the aggregate commitments under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities do not exceed   $250 million  . 
       
  The Third Amended Credit Agreement contains covenants with which the Company and its subsidiaries must comply during the term of the agreement, which the Company believes are ordinary and standard for agreements of this nature. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all terms of the Third Amended Credit Agreement. In addition, if aggregate availability under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities is less than the greater of (i)   $20 million   or (ii)   10%   of the maximum aggregate commitments under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities as then in effect, the Company is required to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement) of not less than   1.1   to   1.0   for the preceding four-quarter period, tested as of the end of each quarter. As of   September 30, 2016  , aggregate availability under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities exceeded the minimum required amount, and the Company was not required to comply with such fixed charge coverage ratio. 
    
  Availability under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities varies over time depending on the value of the Company s inventory, receivables and various capital assets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $32.7 million   of borrowings and   $1.2 million   in letters of credit outstanding under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities and   $113.4 million   of available credit (based on exchange rates at   September 30, 2016  ). As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average interest rate on outstanding Global Revolving Credit Facility borrowings was   2.2 percent   per annum. As of   December 31, 2015  , the weighted-average interest rate under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities was   1.8 percent   per annum. 
    
  Under the terms of the 2021 Senior Notes and the Third Amended Credit Agreement, the Company has limitations on its ability to repurchase shares of and pay dividends on its Common Stock. These limitations are triggered depending on the Company s credit availability under the Third Amended Credit Agreement and leverage levels under the Senior Notes. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of these covenants were restrictive to the Company s ability to repurchase shares of and pay dividends on its Common Stock. 
    
  Borrowings and Repayments of Long-Term Debt 
    
  The condensed consolidated statements of cash flows present borrowings and repayments under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities using a gross approach. This approach presents not only discrete borrowings for transactions such as a business acquisition, but also reflects all borrowings and repayments that occur as part of daily management of cash receipts and disbursements. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made scheduled debt repayments of   $0.9 million   and net long-term debt repayments of   $19.5 million   related to daily cash management activities. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company made scheduled debt repayments of   $0.9 million   and net long-term debt borrowings of   $17.7 million   related to daily cash management activities, as well as the FiberMark Acquisition. 

Note 6.  Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
    
  Pension Plans 
    
  Substantially all active employees of the Company s U.S. operations participate in defined benefit pension plans and/or defined contribution retirement plans. The Company has defined benefit plans designed to provide a monthly pension upon retirement for substantially all its employees in Germany and the United Kingdom. In addition, the Company maintains a SERP which is a non-qualified defined benefit plan and a supplemental retirement contribution plan (the  SRCP ) which is a non-qualified, unfunded defined contribution plan. The Company provides benefits under the SERP and SRCP to the extent necessary to fulfill the intent of its retirement plans without regard to the limitations set by the Internal Revenue Code on qualified and non-qualified retirement benefit plans. 

F-10 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company s defined benefit plans and postretirement plans other than pensions: 
    
  Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost for Defined Benefit Plans 

(a)             The expected return on plan assets is determined by multiplying the fair value of plan assets at the prior year-end (adjusted for estimated current year cash benefit payments and contributions) by the expected long-term rate of return. 
    
  The Company expects to make aggregate contributions to qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension trusts and to pay pension benefits for unfunded pension plans of approximately   $10 million   in calendar 2016.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made   $5.6 million   of such payments. The Company made similar payments of   $1.3 million   and   $2.8 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Note 7.  Stock Compensation Plan 
    
  Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights ( Options ) 
    
  The following table presents information regarding Options awarded during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

The weighted-average grant date fair value for Options granted during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: 

The following table presents information regarding Options that vested during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 
    
                     Options vested 
    91,022 
      
      Aggregate grant date fair value of Options vested (in millions) 
    $ 
    1.2 

The following table presents information regarding outstanding Options: 

F-11 

     Table of Contents  

Performance Share Units ( PSUs ) and Restricted Share Units ( RSUs ) 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted target awards of approximately   54,364   PSUs. The measurement period for the PSUs is January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. The PSUs vest on December 31, 2018. Common Stock equal to not less than   40 percent   and not more than   200 percent   of the PSUs target will be awarded based on the Company s return on invested capital, consolidated revenue growth and total return to shareholders relative to the companies in the Russell 2000  Value small cap index. The market price on the date of grant for the PSUs was   $57.95   per share. 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company awarded   1,652   RSUs to employees and   8,083   RSUs to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. The weighted average grant date fair value of such awards was   $67.77   per share and the awards vest   one year   from the date of grant. During the vesting period, the holders of the RSUs are entitled to dividends, but the RSUs do not have voting rights and are forfeited in the event the holder is no longer an employee or member of the Board of Directors on the vesting date. 

Note 8.  Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Common Stock 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   16,762,893   shares and   16,819,000   shares of Common Stock outstanding, respectively. 
    
  In May 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program that would allow the Company to repurchase up to   $25 million   of its outstanding Common Stock over the next   12 months   (the  2016 Stock Purchase Plan ). The Company also had   $25 million   repurchase programs in place during the preceding two years that expired in May 2016 (the  2015 Stock Purchase Plan ) and May 2015 (the  2014 Stock Purchase Plan ), respectively. The following table shows shares purchased under the respective stock purchase plans: 

F-12 

Table of Contents  

Note 9.  Contingencies and Legal Matters 
    
  Litigation 
    
  The Company is involved in certain legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these legal actions and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of management that the outcome of any such claim which is pending or threatened, either individually or on a combined basis, will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The Company periodically undergoes examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. These tax authorities routinely challenge certain deductions and credits reported by the Company on its income tax returns. No significant tax audit findings are being contested at this time with either the IRS or any state or foreign tax authority. 
    
  Employees and Labor Relations 
    
  The Company s U.S. union employees are represented by the United Steelworkers Union (the  USW ).  Approximately   50 percent   of salaried employees and   80 percent   of hourly employees of Neenah Germany are eligible to be represented by the Mining, Chemicals and Energy Trade Union, Industriegewerkschaft Bergbau, Chemie and Energie (the  IG BCE ). As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   189   U.S. employees covered under collective bargaining agreements that will expire in the next   12   months. The following table shows the expiration dates of the Company s various bargaining agreements and the number of employees covered under each of these agreements. 

(a) 
    We have announced the closure of the Reading facility by mid-2017. The current collective bargaining arrangement will remain in effect until that time. 
     (b)             Under German law union membership is voluntary and does not need to be disclosed to the Company. As a result, the number of employees covered by the collective bargaining agreement with the IG BCE cannot be determined. 
    
  The Company s United Kingdom salaried and hourly employees are eligible to participate in Unite the Union ( UNITE ) on an individual basis, but not under a collective bargaining agreement.  
   
  Note 10.  Discontinued Operations 
    
  Discontinued Operations 
    
  On October 31, 2015, the Company sold the Lahnstein Mill to the Kajo Neukirchen Group ( the Acquirer ) for net cash proceeds of approximately   $5.4 million  . During the second quarter of 2016, the Company and the Acquirer finalized the purchase price for the Lahnstein Mill, which resulted in a payment by the Company of   $0.5 million   to the Acquirer. The Company recognized this payment, plus associated transaction costs, as a loss from discontinued operations of   $0.6 million   (  $0.4 million  , net of tax) in our consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The condensed consolidated statement of operations for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015 present the results of the Lahnstein Mill and the loss on sale of   $6.9 million   as discontinued operations. The results of the Lahnstein Mill were previously reported in the Technical Products segment. The following table presents the selected financial information for discontinued operations: 
  
   F-13 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents selected cash flow information for discontinued operations: 

Note 11.  Business Segment Information 
    
  The Company s reportable operating segments consist of Technical Products, Fine Paper and Packaging and Other. 

The Technical Products segment is an aggregation of the Company s filtration and performance materials businesses which are similar in terms of economic characteristics, nature of products, processes, customer class and product distribution methods and is an international producer of fiber-formed, coated and/or saturated specialized media that delivers high performance benefits to customers. Included in this segment are filtration media, tape and abrasives backings products, and durable label and specialty substrate products. 

The Fine Paper and Packaging business is a leading supplier of premium printing and other high-end specialty papers, premium packaging and specialty office papers primarily in North America. 

The Other segment is composed of papers sold to converters for end uses such as covering materials for datebooks, diaries, yearbooks and traditional photo albums. These product lines represent an operating segment which does not meet the quantitative threshold for a reportable segment, however, due to the dissimilar nature of these products, they are not managed as part of either the Fine Paper and Packaging or Technical Products businesses. 
       
  Each segment employs different technologies and marketing strategies. Disclosure of segment information is on the same basis that management uses internally for evaluating segment performance and allocating resources. Transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. The costs of shared services, and other administrative functions managed on a common basis, are allocated to the segments based on usage, where possible, or other factors based on the nature of the activity. General corporate expenses that do not directly support the operations of the business segments are shown as Unallocated corporate costs. 

F-14 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the net sales and operating income for each of the Company s business segments. 

F-15 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and our results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . You should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements. See  Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Executive Summary 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , consolidated net sales of $232.9 million increased   $1.3 million   (  1%  ) from the prior year period   $231.6 million   as revenues related to the August 1, 2015, FiberMark Acquisition and incremental Technical Products volume growth, were partially offset by a decline in average net selling prices primarily due to mix in both segments and lower volumes in Fine Paper and Packaging.  
    
  Consolidated operating income of   $26.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   $2.5 million   (  10%  ) from the prior year period.   The favorable comparison was primarily due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from reduced prices for materials, increased acquisition synergies and operational efficiencies, higher volume, and lower integration and restructuring costs. These favorable variances were partially offset by lower net selling prices, mostly due to the mix of products sold.      
    
  Cash provided by operating activities of   $97.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $18.2 million   higher than cash generated of   $79.5 million   in the prior year period,   primarily due to higher operating earnings and a decrease in our investment in working capital, partly offset by higher post-retirement benefit contributions in the current year  . 

Results of Operations and Related Information 
    
  In this section, we discuss and analyze our net sales, earnings before interest and taxes (which we refer to as  operating income ) and other information relevant to an understanding of our results of operations for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Analysis of Net Sales   Three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015    
    
  The following table presents net sales by segment, expressed as a percentage of total net sales: 

F-16 

     Table of Contents  

Commentary: 
    
  The following table presents our net sales by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Consolidated net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $1.3 million   (  1%  ) higher than the prior year period   as revenues related to the FiberMark Acquisition and incremental Technical Products volume growth, were partially offset by a decline in average net selling prices primarily due to mix in both segments and lower volumes in Fine Paper and Packaging.    

Net sales in our technical products business increased   $5.2 million   (  5%  ) from the prior period due to acquired sales and organic volume growth led by transportation filtration and tape and abrasive backings. These items were partially offset by a decline in net selling prices resulting from a lower-priced mix of products sold and reduced selling prices on products with contractual adjusters for certain input costs. 

Net sales in our fine paper and packaging business decreased   $4.0 million   (  3%  ) from the prior year period due to a decline in average net selling price due to a lower-priced mix of products sold, and reduced organic volume compared to a strong third quarter of 2015. The sales mix in 2016 reflected a higher proportion of sales of non-branded products. These items were only partially offset by acquired volume and increased list prices for some products. 
       
  The following table presents our net sales by segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Consolidated net sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $63.7 million   (  10%  )   higher than the prior year period as revenues related to the FiberMark Acquisition and incremental volume growth more than offset lower net selling prices.    

Net sales in our technical products business increased   $40.9 million   (  13%  ) from the prior period due to acquired volume and organic volume growth, which were partially offset by lower net selling prices. 

Net sales in our fine paper and packaging business increased   $10.1 million   (  3%  ) from the prior year period due to acquired volume, which was partially offset by lower net selling prices. 

Net sales in our other business segment increased   $12.7 million   from the prior year period due to acquired volume. 

F-17 

     Table of Contents  

Analysis of Operating Income Three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015 
    
  The following table sets forth line items from our condensed consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated and is intended to provide a perspective of trends in our historical results: 

Commentary: 
    
  The following table presents our operating income by segment for the three months ended    September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(a)             Includes changes in selling price and product mix. 
  (b)             Includes price changes for raw materials, energy, and acquisition related purchasing synergies. 
  (c)              Includes other manufacturing costs, over (under) absorption of fixed costs, distribution and SG A expenses, and integration/restructuring costs and other acquisition-related synergies. 
    
  Consolidated operating income of   $26.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   $2.5 million   (  10%  ) from the prior year period.    The favorable comparison was primarily due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from reduced prices for materials, increased acquisition synergies and operational efficiencies, higher volume, and lower integration and restructuring costs. These favorable variances were partially offset by lower net selling prices, mostly due to the mix of products sold.    Excluding integration and restructuring costs of   $1.2 million   and   $2.9 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income increased   $0.8 million   (  3%  ). 

Operating income for our technical products business increased   $3.1 million   (  28%  ) from the prior year period primarily due to incremental volume growth, lower manufacturing costs resulting from lower material prices and operational efficiencies, and lower integration and restructuring costs. These favorable variances were partially offset by added SG A from the acquisition and lower net selling prices. Excluding integration and restructuring costs of   $0.1 million   and   $1.1 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income increased   $2.1 million   (  17%  ) from the prior year. 

F-18 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income for our fine paper and packaging business increased   $0.1 million   (  1%  ) from the prior year period as lower manufacturing material prices, reduced SG A expense, and lower integration costs, combined, were mostly offset by a lower-priced mix of products sold and lower volumes. Excluding integration costs of   $0.3 million   and   $0.9 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income decreased   $0.5 million   (  3%  ). 

Unallocated corporate expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $4.6 million   were   $1.0 million   higher than the prior year period. The unfavorable comparison to the prior year period is primarily due to   the non-capitalizable costs related to the U.S. Filtration project, which is expected to go into production in early 2017  . 
       
  The following table presents our operating income by segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(a)             Includes changes in selling price and product mix. 
  (b)             Includes price changes for raw materials, energy, and acquisition related purchasing synergies. 
  (c)              Includes other manufacturing costs, over (under) absorption of fixed costs, distribution and SG A expenses, integration/restructuring costs, and other acquisition related synergies. 
    
  Consolidated operating income of   $92.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   increased   $11.7 million   (  15%  ) from the prior year period. The favorable comparison was primarily due to lower manufacturing material costs (including purchasing synergies resulting from the FiberMark Acquisition), and incremental volume and increased sales. These favorable variances were partially offset by incremental acquired SG A, integration and restructuring costs, and lower net selling prices. Excluding integration and restructuring costs of   $3.7 million   and   $2.9 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income increased   $12.5 million   (  15%  ). 

Operating income for our technical products business increased   $11.7 million   (  28%  ) from the prior year period primarily due to incremental volume growth, lower manufacturing material and other costs and lower integration and restructuring costs. These favorable variances were partially offset by incremental acquired SG A and lower net selling prices. Excluding integration and restructuring costs of   $0.6 million   and   $1.1 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income increased   $11.2 million   (  26%  ). 

Operating income for our fine paper and packaging business increased   $1.0 million   (  2%  ) from the prior year period as lower manufacturing material costs and manufacturing efficiencies were partially offset by lower net selling prices, incremental acquired SG A, and higher integration costs. Excluding integration costs of   $1.1 million   and   $0.9 million   for 2016 and 2015, respectively, operating income increased   $1.2 million   (  2%  ). 

Unallocated corporate expenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $14.5 million   were   $1.3 million   higher than the prior year period. The unfavorable comparison to the prior year period is primarily due to    the non-capitalizable costs related to the U.S. Filtration project, which is expected to go into production in early 2017  . 

F-19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth our operating income by segment, adjusted for the effects of integration and restructuring costs, for the periods indicated: 

In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ), consolidated operating income includes the pre-tax effects of integration and restructuring costs. We believe that by adjusting reported operating income to exclude the effects of these items, the resulting adjusted operating income is on a basis that reflects the results of our ongoing operations. We believe that providing adjusted operating results will help investors gain an additional perspective of underlying business trends and results. Adjusted operating income is not a recognized term under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income derived in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may use different methodologies for calculating their non-GAAP financial measures and, accordingly, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to their measures. 
    
  Additional Statement of Operations Commentary: 

SG A expense of   $21.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.2 million   lower than SG A expense of   $21.2 million   in the prior year period as incremental acquired SG A was offset by reduced expense due to timing of certain items. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , SG A expense as a percent of sales decreased to   9.0   percent from   9.2   percent in the prior year period. 

For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred net interest expense of   $2.7 million   which was slightly lower than the prior year period due to higher borrowings in the third quarter of 2015 under our Global Revolving Credit Facilities to partially fund the FiberMark Acquisition.  

In general, our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to the proportion of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with marginal tax rates that differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded an income tax provision of   $7.8 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively. The effective income tax rate of   32 percent   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was lower than the tax rate of   37 percent   for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The 2015 rate was unusually high due to an adjustment to the amount of state R D Credits which were expected to be utilized prior to expiration as a result of the FiberMark acquisition. For 2016, the adoption of ASU 2016-09, as discussed in Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements, allowed excess tax benefits from share-based payments to be shown as a reduction to income tax expense and reduced the rate for the quarter by 1.75 percent. Our effective income tax rate of   32 percent   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was consistent with the full-year rate for 2015. 

F-20 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Operating Cash Flow Commentary 

Cash provided by operating activities of   $97.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $18.2 million   higher than cash provided by operating activities of   $79.5 million   in the prior year period. The favorable comparison was   primarily due to higher operating earnings and a decrease in our investment in working capital, partly offset by higher post-retirement benefit contributions in the current year  . 
       
  Investing Commentary: 

For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , cash used by investing activities was   $49.5 million   and   $143.5 million  , respectively. Cash used by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes acquisition related spending of   $118.2 million  . Capital expenditures for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $49.4 million   compared to spending of   $25.7 million   in the prior year period. In general, we expect aggregate annual capital expenditures of approximately 3 to 5 percent of net sales. For   2016  , we expect annual capital expenditures of approximately $75 million to exceed our normal level of spending due to incremental investments in filtration assets in the U.S. We expect that capital spending will return to our normal range in   2017  . We believe that the level of our capital spending can be more than adequately funded from cash provided from operating activities and allows us to maintain the efficiency and cost effectiveness of our assets and also invest in expanded manufacturing capabilities to successfully pursue strategic initiatives and deliver attractive returns. 
       
  Financing Commentary: 
    
  Our liquidity requirements are provided by cash generated from operations and short and long-term borrowings. 

For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , cash used in financing activities was   $44.9 million   and   $2.4 million  , respectively. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net repayments of long-term debt, dividends paid, and share repurchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we drew down from our Global Revolving Credit Facilities to fund the FiberMark Acquisition. 

Availability under our revolving credit facility varies over time depending on the value of our inventory, receivables and various capital assets. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $32.7 million   outstanding under our Global Revolving Credit Facilities and   $113.4 million   of available credit (based on exchange rates at   September 30, 2016  ). 

We have required debt principal payments through   September 30,     2017   of   $1.3 million   for principal payments on the German loan agreement. 

F-21 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , our cash balance of   $7.3 million   consists of $4.6 million in the U.S. and $2.7 million held at entities outside of the U.S. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no restrictions regarding the repatriation of our non-U.S. cash and, we believe, the repatriation of these cash balances to the U.S. would not materially increase our income tax provision. 
       
  Transactions With Shareholders 

Purchases under the 2016 Stock Purchase Plan will be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. The timing and amount of any purchases will depend on share price, market conditions and other factors. The 2016 Stock Purchase Plan does not require us to purchase any specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we repurchased approximately 127,400 shares of Common Stock at a cost of $7.8 million and 103,000 shares of Common Stock at a cost of $5.8 million, respectively. For further details on our Stock Purchase Plans refer to Note 8. 
       
  Other Items: 

Management believes that our ability to generate cash from operations and our borrowing capacity are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending and other cash needs for the next 12 months. Our ability to generate adequate cash from operations beyond   2016   will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully implement our business strategies, control costs in line with market conditions and manage the impact of changes in input prices and currencies. We can give no assurance we will be able to successfully implement these items. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. The critical accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are those that are important both to the presentation of financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments with regard to estimates used. These critical judgments relate to the timing of recognizing sales revenue, the recoverability of deferred income tax assets, pension benefits and future cash flows associated with impairment testing of long-lived assets. Actual results could differ from these estimates and changes in these estimates are recorded when known. We believe that the consistent application of these policies enables us to provide readers of our financial statements with useful and reliable information about our operating results and financial condition.  There have been no significant changes in these policies, or the estimates used in the application of the policies, since   December 31, 2015  . 

F-22 

     Table of Contents  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute  forward-looking  statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  PSLRA ), or in releases made by the SEC, all as may be amended from time to time. Statements contained in this quarterly report that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA and we caution investors that any forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees or indicative of future performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, that could cause actual results to materially differ from such statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not necessarily limited to, those set forth under the captions  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and/or  Risk Factors  of our latest Form 10-K filed with the SEC as periodically updated by subsequently filed Form 10-Qs (these securities filings can be located on our website at www.neenah.com). Unless specifically required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the  safe harbor  provisions of such laws. 
    
  You can identify forward-looking statements as those that are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate,   contemplate,   estimate,   believe,   plan,   project,   predict,   potential  or  continue,  or the negative of these, or similar terms. In evaluating these forward-looking statements, you should consider the following factors, as well as others contained in our public filings from time to time, which may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement: 

changes in market demand for our products due to global economic conditions; 
                
    fluctuations in (i) exchange rates (in particular changes in the U.S. dollar/Euro currency exchange rates) and (ii) interest rates; 
                
    increases in commodity prices, (particularly for pulp, energy and latex) due to constrained global supplies or unexpected supply disruptions; 
                
    the availability of raw materials and energy; 
                
    the impact of competition, both domestic and international, changes in industry production capacity, including the construction of new mills or new machines, the closing of mills and incremental changes due to capital expenditures or productivity increases; 
                
    capital and credit market volatility and fluctuations in global equity and fixed-income markets; 
                
    unanticipated expenditures related to the cost of compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations; 
                
    the enactment of adverse state, federal or foreign tax or other legislation or changes in government policy or regulation; 
                
    our ability to control costs and implement measures designed to enhance operating efficiencies; 
                
    the loss of current customers or the inability to obtain new customers; 
                
    loss of key personnel; 
                
    increases in the funding requirements for our pension and postretirement liabilities; 
                
    changes in asset valuations including write-downs of assets including property, plant and equipment; inventory, accounts receivable, deferred tax assets or other assets for impairment or other reasons; 
                
    our existing and future indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations; 
                
    our net operating losses may not be available to offset our tax liability and other tax planning strategies may not be effective; 
                
    strikes, labor stoppages and changes in our collective bargaining agreements and relations with our employees and unions; and 
                
    other risks that are detailed from time to time in reports we file with the SEC. 
       
  Any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth or referred to above, as well as the risk factors contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update such statements or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. 

F-23 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  There have been no material changes to the disclosure on this matter made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management in a timely manner. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 
    
  See Note 9,  Contingencies and Legal Matters  of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Item 1   Financial Statements. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

F-24 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Purchases of Equity Securities: 
    
  The following table contains information about our purchases of our equity securities for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

(a)             As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has purchased approximately 169,400 shares of Common Stock at an aggregate cost of $10.3 million under the 2016 Stock Purchase Plan and 2015 Stock Purchase Plan.  For further discussion on the share repurchase plans refer to Note 8. 

F-25 

Item 6.  Exhibits 
    
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit 

31.1 

Certification of the CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of the CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification of CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith). 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 

F-26 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NEENAH PAPER, INC 

By: 
    /s/ John P. O'Donnell 

John P. O Donnell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bonnie C. Lind 

Bonnie C. Lind 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Larry N. Brownlee 

Larry N. Brownlee 

Vice President   Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

November 9, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 np20160930ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, John P. O Donnell, certify that: 
    
  1.                  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neenah Paper, Inc.; 
    
  2.                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ John P. O Donnell 
        
    John P. O Donnell 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 np20160930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Bonnie C. Lind, certify that: 
    
  1.          I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neenah Paper, Inc.; 
    
  2.                 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Bonnie C. Lind 
        
    Bonnie C. Lind 
        
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 np20160930ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Neenah Paper, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30,     2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John P. O Donnell, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (a)         The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (b)         The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John P. O Donnell 
        
    John P. O Donnell 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 np20160930ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Neenah Paper, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended    September 30,     2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Bonnie C. Lind, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (a)         The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (b)         The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Bonnie C. Lind 
        
    Bonnie C. Lind 
        
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 np-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 np-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 np-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 np-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 np-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 np-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

