<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_1058090_0001058090-16-000088_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2926952</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160008</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>125607</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1096668</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>767362</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>519436</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001058090-16-000088.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025193650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001058090-16-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058090
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				841219301
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32731
		FILM NUMBER:		161951301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 WYNKOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035954000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 WYNKOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001058090-16-000088.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 cmg-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

cmg-20160930_Taxonomy2015

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

or  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from             to  

Commission File Number: 1-32731  

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (303) 595-4000  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes            No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes           No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           Yes           No  

As of October 21, 2016, there were 28,949,162 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value of $0.01 per share outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE     OF CONTENTS 

PART I  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements      
				 
				 1 

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
				 
				 9 

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
				 
				 14 

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures   
				 
				 14 

PART II  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings   
				 
				 14 

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors   
				 
				 15 

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
				 
				 16 

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
				 
				 16 

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures   
				 
				 16 

Item 5.  

Other Information   
				 
				 16 

Item 6.  

Exhibits   
				 
				 16 

Signatures   
				 
				 17 

Table of Contents  

PART I  

ITEM  1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet  

(in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1   

Table of Contents  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income  

(unaudited) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

2   

Table of Contents  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  

(unaudited)  

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3   

Table of Contents  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

(unaudited)  

(dollar and share amounts in thousands, unless otherwise specified)  

1. Basis of Presentation  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries (collectively the  Company ), develops and operates fast-casual, fresh Mexican food restaurants ( Chipotle restaurants ). As of   September 30  , 2016, the Company operated   2,  129   Chipotle restaurants throughout the United States. The Company also had   1  5   Chipotle restaurants in Canada,   s  ix   in England,   five   in France, and   one   in Germany. Further, the Company operated   15   ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen restaurants  , or  ShopHouse  ,      serving fast-casual, Asian inspired cuisine,   and   is an investor in a consolidated entity that owned and operated   seven   Pizzeria Locale restaurants, a fast-casual pizza concept.  The Company   managed its operations based on 10   regions during the   third   quarter 2016 and has aggregated its operations to   one   reportable segment. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial statements and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and results of operations. Interim results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full year. The financial statements and related notes do not include all information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for annual reports. This quarterly report should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

2. Accounting Policies  

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue, net of discounts and incentives, when payment is tendered at the point of sale.  The Company recognizes a liability for offers of free food   that do not require customers to make a purchase   by estimating the cost to satisfy the offer based on company specific historical redemption patterns for similar promotions.   These costs are recognized in other operating costs in the consolidated statement of   income   and in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  The Company reports revenue net of sales  -  related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental taxing authorities. 

Du  ring the third quarter, the Company   introduced a limited-time frequency program called Chiptopia Summer Rewards. Customers earn  ed different rewards based on   their   number of monthly   visits from July 1, 2016  ,   through September 30, 2016. For the three months ended Sep  tember 30, 2016, the Company deferred   $11,  457     of revenue   reflecting the portion of original sales allocated to the rewards that were earned by program participants and not redeemed as of September 30, 2016, and recorded a corresponding liability in accrued liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance s  heet. The   portion of revenue allocated to   the rewards is based on the estimated value of the   award   earned   and takes into consideration     company-specific   historical redemption patterns   for similar promotions  .    Re  wards expire according to the terms in the Chiptopia Summer Rewards terms and conditions. W  hen a customer redeems a   reward or when it expires,   the Company     will   recognize revenue for the redeemed product and reduce the related liability. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In     May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  as ame  nded by multiple   updates. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard and disclosure requirements for U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.     The expected adoption method     of ASU 2014-09     is being evaluated by the Company, and     the adoption is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The pronouncement requires the recognition of a liability for lease obligations and a corresponding right-of-use asset on the balance sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. This pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 using a modified retrospective adoption method.  The Company s adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 will have a significant impact on its consolidated balance sheet as it will record material assets and obligations for current operating leases. The Company is evaluating the impact that adoption will have on its consolidated statement of income. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  The pronouncement was issued to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity  

4   

Table of Contents  

or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.    This guidance will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective transition method, depending on the area covered in this update.  Upon adoption, any future excess tax benefits or deficiencies will be recorded to the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statement of income, instead of additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and for the year ended December 31, 2015,   $1,888   and   $74,442  , respectively, of excess tax benefits were recorded to additional paid-in capital that would have been recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if this new guidance   could have   been adopted as of the respective dates.  Additionally, excess tax benefits will be classified as operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flow instead of in financing activities as required under the current guidance.   The Company has not selected a transition method, and except as described above, does not expect the provisions of the ASU to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.          

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The pronouncement was effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and the Company adopted the guidance prospectively. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial pos  ition or results of operations. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40).  The pronouncement was issued to provide guidance concerning accounting for fees in a cloud computing arrangement. The pronouncement was effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and the Company adopted the guidance prospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-05 did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations  .    

3. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying     value of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of their short-term nature. Investments are carried at fair market value and are classified as available-for-sale.  Investments consist of U.S. treasury notes with maturities up to approximately   18 months  .  Fair value   of investments   is measured using Level 1 inputs (quoted prices for identical assets in active markets).  

There were   no   realized   gain  s (losses) from sales of available-for-sale securities   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015. Realized gains were   $547   and   $0   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively  .   The Company records realized gains and losses from sales of available-for-sale securities in interest and other income (expense)   in the   consolidated statement of income. 

The Company also maintains a rabbi trust to fund obligations under a deferred compensation plan. Amounts in the rabbi trust are invested in mutual funds, which are designated as trading securities and carried at fair value, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. Fair market value of mutual funds is measured using Level 1 inputs. The fair value of the investments in the rabbi trust was $  17,515   and $  18,331   as of   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company records trading gains and losses in general and administrative expenses in the   consolidated statement of income  , along with the offsetting amount related to the increase or decrease in deferred compensation to reflect its exposure to liabilities for p  ayment under the deferred plan.   The following table sets forth unrealized gains and losses on investments held in the rabbi trust: 

5   

Table of Contents  

4. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined that its ShopHouse restaurants were impaired and recognized a non-cash impairment charge of   $14,505   ($8,539 net of tax), representing substantially all of the value of the long-lived assets of ShopHouse, in loss on disposal and impairment of assets on the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income ($0.29 on basic and dilutive earnings per share).  The decision to impair the assets was based on an analysis of each restaurant s past and present operating performance, including a significant change from comparable restaurant sales increases to decreases, and projected future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant assets. The fair value of ShopHouse restaurants was determined using level 3 inputs (unobservable inputs) based on a discounted cash flows method.  The Company has decided not to invest further in developing and growing the ShopHouse brand and will pursue strategic alternatives. 

5  . Shareholders  Equity  

Through     September 30, 2016, the Company had announced authorizations by its Board of Directors of repurchases of shares of common stock, which in the aggregate authorized expenditures of up to   $2,000,000  . On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the expenditure of up to an additional   $100,000   to repurchase shares of common stock. Under the remaining repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time in open market transactions, subject to market conditions. 

During the   nine   months ended   September 30,   201  6  , the Company repurchased   1,641   shares of common stock under authorized programs, for a total cost of $  747,237  . The cumulative shares repurchased under authorized programs as of   September 30  , 201  6,   were   6,693   for a total cost of $  1,931,164  . As of   September 30, 2016  , $  69,207   was available to rep  urchase shares under the announced   repurchase authorizations.     The shares are being held in treasury stock until such time as they are reissued or retired at the discretion of the Board of Directors.   

6  . Stock-based Compensation  

During the   nine   months ended   September 30  , 2016, the Company granted stock only stock appreciation rights ( SOSARs ) on   46  0   shares of its common stock to eligible employees. The weighted average grant date fair value of the SOSARs was $  117.48   per share with a wei  ghted average exercise price of   $  45  7.77   per share based on the closing price of common stock on the date of grant. The SOSARs vest in two equal installments on the   second   and   third   anniversary of the grant date. During the   nine   months ended   September 30,   2016,   118 SOSARs were exercised   and   77   SOSARs were forfeited.  

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company awarded shares that are subject to   both service and   market   vesting   conditions. The quantity of shares that will vest may range from   0%   to   400%     of a targeted number of shares, and will be   determined based on the price of the Company s common stock reaching certain targets for a consecutive number of days during the three year period starting on the grant date.  If the minimum defined stock price target   is not met  , then no shares will vest.  

The following table sets forth total stock based compensation expense: 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company adjusted its estimate of stock awards expected to vest based on performance conditions, which resulted in a cumulative reduction of expense of   $6,031    (  $  3,687   net of tax and     $0.12   to basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share).     

7. Earnings   Per Share  

Basic earnings   per share is calc  ulated by dividing income   available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each   period. Diluted earnings   per share ( diluted EPS ) i  s calculated using income   available to common shareholders divided by diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Potentially dilutive securities include common shares related to SOSARs and non-vested stock awards (collectively  stock awards ). Stock awards are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS in the event they are subject to performance conditions or are antidilutive. Diluted EPS considers the impact of potentially dilutive securities except in periods in which there is a loss because the inclusion of the potential common shares would have an antidilutive effect.  

6   

Table of Contents  

The following stock awards were excluded from the calcul  ation of diluted earnings   per share:  

The following table sets forth the computations of b  asic and diluted earnings   per share:  

8  . Commitments and Contingencies 

Receipt of Grand Jury Subpoenas 

In   December 2015, the Company was served with a Federal Grand Jury Subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California in connection with an official criminal investigation being conducted by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Central District of California, in conjunction with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s Office of Criminal Investigations.  The subpoena required the Company to produce a broad range of documents related to a Chipotle restaurant in Simi Valley, California, that experienced an isolated norovirus incident during August 2015.  On January 28, 2016, the Company was served with an additional subpoena broadening the investigation and requiring the production of documents and information related to company-wide food safety matters dating back to January 1, 2013.  The Company has been informed that this subpoena supersedes the subpoena served in December 2015, which has been withdrawn. The Company intends to   continue to   fully cooperate in the investigation.  It is not possible at this time to determine whether the Company will incur, or to reasonably estimate the amount of, any fines or penalties in connection with the investigation pursuant to which the subpoena was issued. 

Shareholder Class Action 

On   January 8, 2016, Susie Ong filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of shares of the Company s common stock between February 4, 2015 and January 5, 2016.  The complaint purports to state claims against the Company, each of its co-Chief Executive Officers and its Chief Financial Officer under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and related rules, based on the Company s alleged failure during the claimed class period to disclose material information about the Company s quality controls and safeguards in relation to consumer and employee health. The complaint asserts that those   alleged   failures and related public statements were false and misleading and that, as a result, the market price of the Company s stock was artificially inflated during the claimed class period. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of the purported class in an unspecified amount, interest, and an award of reasonable attorneys  fees, expert fees and other costs.  The Company intends to defend this case vigorously, but it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the outcome of or any potential liability from the case. 

Shareholder Derivative Actions 

On March 21, 2016, Jessica Oldfather filed a shareholder derivative action in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware alleging that the Company s Board of Directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties in connection with allegedly excessive compensation awarded from 2011 to 2015 under the Company s stock incentive plan. On April 6, 2016, Uri Skorski filed a shareholder derivative action in Colorado state court in Denver, Colorado, making largely the same allegations as the Oldfather complaint and also alleging that the Company s Board of Directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Company s alleged failure to disclose material information about the Company s food safety policies and procedures. On April 1  4  , 2016, Mark Arnold and Zachary Arata filed a shareholder derivative action in  

7   

Table of Contents  

Colorado state court in Denver, Colorado, making largely the same allegations as the Skorski complaint.    On August 8, 2016, Sean Gubricky filed a shareholder derivative action the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado, alleging that the Company s Board of Directors and certain officers failed to institute proper food safety controls and policies, issued materially false and misleading statements in violation of federal securities laws, and otherwise breached their fiduciary duties to the Company.  On September 1, 2016, Ross Weintraub filed a shareholder derivative action in Colorado state court in Denver, Colorado, making largely the same allegations as the Gubricky complaint.   Each of these actions purports to state a claim for damages on behalf of the Company, and is based on statements in the Company s SEC filings and related public disclosures, as well as media reports and Company records. The Company intends to defend these cases vigorously, but it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the outcome of or any potential liability from these cases.  

Notices of Inspection of Work Authorization Documents and Related Civil and Criminal Investigations  

Following an inspection during 2010 by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, or DHS, of the work authorization documents of the Company s restaurant employees in Minnesota, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement arm of DHS, or ICE, issued to the Company a Notice of Suspect Documents identifying a large number of employees who, according to ICE and notwithstanding the Company s review of work authorization documents for each employee at the time they were hired, appeared not to be authorized to work in the U.S. The Company approached each of the named employees to explain ICE s determination and afforded each employee an opportunity to confirm the validity of their original work eligibility documents, or provide valid work eligibility documents. Employees who were unable to provide valid work eligibility documents were terminated in accordance with the law. In December 2010, the Company was also requested by DHS to provide the work authorization documents of restaurant employees in the District of Columbia and Virginia, and the Company provided the requested documents in January 2011. The Company subsequently received requests   from the office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia   for work authorization documents covering all of the Company s employees since 2007, plus employee lists and other documents concerning work authorization. The Company believes its practices with regard to the work authorization of its employees, including the review and retention of work authorization documents, are in compliance with applicable law. However, the termination of large numbers of employees in a short period of time does disrupt restaurant operations and results in a temporary increase in labor costs as new employees are trained.  

In May 2012, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission notified the Company that it is conducting a civil investigation of the Company s compliance with employee work authorization verification requirements and its related discl  osures and statements, and the o  ffice of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia advised the Company that its investigation has broadened to include a parallel criminal and civil investigation of the Company s compliance with federal securities laws. The Company intends to continue to fully cooperate in the government s investigations. It is not possible at this time to determine whether the Company will incur, or to reasonably estimate the amount of, any fines, penalties or further liabilities in connection with these matters.  

Miscellaneous  

The Company is involved in various other claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these actions will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. However, a significant increase in the number of these claims, or one or more successful claims under which the Company incurs greater liabilities than the Company currently anticipates, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

8   

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements in this report, including statements of expected changes in comparable restaurant sales and restaurant operating costs, statements regarding customer rewards programs, projections of our number of new restaurant openings, and estimates of cost savings in 2017, as well as discussion of possible stock repurchases and estimates of our effective tax rates, are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We use words such as  anticipate ,  believe ,  could ,  should ,  estimate ,  expect ,  intend ,  may ,  predict ,  project ,  target , and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date any such statements are made, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated in Part II, Item 1.A of this report.  

Overview  

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries, develops and operates fresh Mexican food restaurants serving burritos, tacos, burrito bowls (a burrito without the tortilla) and salads. We began with a simple philosophy: demonstrate that food served fast doesn t have to be a traditional  fast-food  experience. We do this by avoiding a typical fast food approach when creating our restaurant experience, looking to fine dining restaurants for inspiration. We use high-quality raw ingredients, classic cooking methods and distinctive interior design, and have friendly people to take care of each customer features that are more frequently found in the world of fine dining. Our approach is also guided by our belief in an idea we call  Food With Integrity.  Our objective is to find the highest quality ingredients we can ingredients that are grown or raised with respect for the environment, animals and people who grow or raise the food. A similarly focused people culture, with an emphasis on identifying and empowering top performing employees, enables us to develop future leaders from within.  

2016 Highlights  

Operating Results  .   Our sales and profitability have been adversely impacted throughout 2016 as a result of a number of food-borne illness incidents associated with Chipotle restaurants in as many as 15 states, which were widely reported during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016.  Comparable restaurant sales declined 21.9% in the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 24.9% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, including a reduction of 0.8% and 0.3%, respectively, in comparable restaurant sales resulting from the deferral of $11.5 million of revenue to account for outstanding rewards under our Chiptopia Summer Rewards program described further below.  The comparable restaurant sales decline in the third quarter was an improvement from the declines of 29.7% in the first quarter and 23.6% in the second quarter.  We attribute some of the improvement in comparable restaurant sales for the third quarter to Chiptopia.      Comparable restaurant sales decreases were driven primarily by a 15.2% decrease in the number of transactions for the third quarter and     a 17.9% decrease in the number of transactions for the first nine months of 2016, and to a lesser extent by decreases in average check.   During the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect comparable restaurant sales declines to be in the low single-digits.   Comparable restaurant sales represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full calendar month of operation.   Average restaurant sales were $1.914 million as of September 30, 2016. We define average restaurant sales as the average trailing 12-month sales for restaurants in operation for at least 12 full calendar months.  

During the first nine months of 2016, our restaurant operating costs (food, beverage and packaging; labor; occupancy; and other operating costs) as a percent of revenue increased 15.4% as compared to the first nine months of 2015. About 9.0% of the increase was attributable to sales deleveraging, while incremental marketing and promotional spend aimed at regaining our customers, combined with additional labor to support the sales promotions, contributed about 3.5% to the increase.    We expect restaurant level operating costs as a percentage of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 will remain consistent with the third quarter of 2016.  

Chip  top  ia Summer Rewards.   We offered our limited-time Chiptopia rewards program during the third quarter of 2016 in an effort to increase sales and frequency among our most loyal customers by offering rewards that incentivized customers to visit our restaurants more often during each month of the program. We estimate that the increase to revenue as a percent of sales from Chiptopia was in the low single-digits, and that the program contributed positively to our comparable restaurant transactions for the three months ended September 30, 2016.    Chiptopia expired at the end of the third quarter, and we may not retain customers we attracted with Chiptopia. 

Restaurant Development.   As of September 30  , 201  6, we had 2,178 restaurants in operation, including 2,129 Chipotle restaurants throughout the United States, with an additional 15 Chipotle restaurants in Canada, six in England, five in France, and one in Germany. Our restaurants also included 15 ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen restaurants, serving fast-casual, Asian inspired cuisine, and seven Pizzeria Locale restaurants, a fast-casual pizza concept in which we are an investor through a consolidated entity. W  e opened   171   restaurants during the   nine months ended September     30, 2016, and 55 during the third quarter of 2016. We expect new restaurant openings at or above the high end of the previously-disclosed range of   220 to 235   for the full year 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $14.5 million related to our ShopHouse restaurants.  The decision to impair the assets was based on an analysis of each restaurant s  

9   

Table of Contents  

past and present operating performance, including a significant change from comparable restaurant sales increases to decreases, and projected future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant assets. 

Food With Integrity.   In all of our restaurants, we endeavor to serve only meats that were raised without the use of non-therapeutic antibiotics or added hormones, and in accordance with criteria we ve established in an effort to improve sustainability and promote animal welfare. We brand these meats as  Responsibly Raised   TM  .   In addition, a portion of some of the produce items we serve is organically grown. A portion of the beans we serve is organically grown and a portion is grown using conservation tillage methods that improve soil conditions, reduce erosion and help preserve the environment in which they are grown. The sour cream and cheese we buy is made with milk that comes from cows that were not given rBGH. Milk used to make much of our cheese and all of our sour cream is sourced from pasture-based dairies that provide an even higher standard of animal welfare by providing outdoor access for their cows. Further, we have eliminated (as further described on our website) genetically modified organisms, or GMOs, from the ingredients in our food (not including beverages) in U.S. Chipotle restaurants. While the meat and poultry we serve is not genetically modified, the animals are likely fed a diet containing GMOs. We will continue to search for quality ingredients that not only taste delicious, but also benefit local farmers or the environment, or otherwise benefit or improve the sustainability of our supply chain.  

Stock Repurchases  .    During the   nine   months ended   September 30,   201  6  ,    we   repurchased   over 1.6 million   shares of common stock under programs   authorized by our Board of Directors  , for a total cost of   $747.2 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , $  69.2 million   was available to repu  rchase shares under previously-announced   repurchase authorizations.     On October 25, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the expenditure of up to an additional $100.0 million to repurchase shares of our common stock.     Our stock repurchases are effectuated pursuant to   an agreement with a broker under SEC rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions.   Repurchase agreements and the Board s authorization of the repurchases may generally be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time.  

2017 Outlook 

We are targeting comparable restaurant sales increases in the high single-digits for the full year 2017 as comparisons become easier, and based on our plans to attract more customers with a variety of marketing activities as well as through improvements to our digital ordering platforms. We also plan to reduce restaurant level operating costs and general and administrative costs as a percent of revenue in 2017, including through disciplined staffing of support and field leadership positions, better business terms with suppliers, operational efficiencies, and lower promotional spend for the full year  .    Additionally, we expect to   realize cost efficiencies in 2017 by simplifying our restaurant design, resulting in lower costs to build many of our restaurants.    We intend to open between 195 and 210 restaurants for the full year 2017.  

We expect the 2017 full year effective tax rate to be 39.5%. However, as discussed in Note 2,  Accounting Policies,    included in Item 1.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  will subject our tax rate to volatility from the effect of stock award exercise and vesting activities.  

Restaurant Activity  

The following table details restaurant unit data for the periods indicated: 

Results of Operations  

Our results of operations as a percentage of revenue and period-over-period changes are discussed in the following section.  

10   

Table of Contents  

Revenue  

The decreases in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were attributable to declines in comparable restaurant sales, partially offset by new restaurant openings. F  or the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, comparable restaurant sales     decreased $256.5 million and $861.1 million, respectively, while revenue     from restaurants not yet in the comparable restaurant base contributed $87.9 million and $238.9 million, of which $49.0 million and $85.9 million were attributable to restaurants opened in 2016.  The comparable restaurant sales decreases were attributable to a decline in the number of transactions, and to a lesser extent, a decrease in the average check. Comparable restaurant sales declines were also attributable to a lesser extent to   reductions of 0.8% in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 0.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulting from the deferral of $11.5 million of revenue to account for outstanding rewards under our Chiptopia   program. 

Food, Beverage and Packaging Costs  

Food, beverage and packaging costs increased as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to increased   waste   and higher avocado prices, partially offset by relief in beef prices. Food, beverage and packaging costs increased as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to   increased waste costs   and   costs related to new fo  od safety procedures, partially offset by the benefit of menu price increases implemented in select restaurants in the second half of 2015. We believe that further refinement in our food safety procedures will moderate some of the additional expense we experienced in the first half of 2016.  In dollar terms, food, beverage and packaging costs decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to lower sales.   

Labor Costs 

Labor costs as a percentage of revenue increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to lower average restaurant sales and wage inflation. Labor costs as a percentage of revenue increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to lower average restaurant sales and wage inflation, partially offset by fewer managers and crew in our restaurants. Although we incurred additional costs in the first nine months of 2016 to staff our restaurants for sales promotions, including Chiptopia, those incremental costs were offset by scheduling efficiencies as compared to the first nine months of 2015 as a result of reporting challenges from a system change in early 2015. In dollar terms, labor costs increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to staffing needs for new restaurants.   

11   

Table of Contents  

Occupancy costs as a percentage of revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to lower average restaurant sales on a partially fixed-cost base. Occupancy costs increased in dollar terms for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to costs associated with new restaurants.  

Other Operating Costs  

Other operating costs include, among other items, marketing and promotional costs, bank and credit card fees, and restaurant utilities and maintenance costs. Other operating costs as a percentage of revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, due primarily to an increase in marketing and promotional spend and sales deleveraging.  We increased our marketing and promotional spend in an effort to regain customers, which   contributed $  20.7   million   and $75.9 million   to the increase   in other operating costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were higher in dollar terms due to expenses associated with our biennial All Managers  Conference in September 2016 and higher legal expense, partially offset by lower non-cash stock based compensation expense.   

Depreciation and Amortization     

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization increased as a percentage of revenue due to lower average restaurant sales on a partially fixed-cost base. The increase in dollar terms was due primarily to depreciation and amortization costs associated with new restaurants.   

12   

Table of Contents  

Loss on Disposal and Impairment of Assets 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, loss on disposal and impairment of assets increased in dollar terms primarily due to a non-cash impairment charge to write-down substantially all of the value of the long-lived assets of our ShopHouse restaurants.    

Provision for Income Taxes     

*    Not meaningful 

For the full year 2016, we estimate our   annual   effective tax rate     will be   38.2%, which is consistent with   2015  . A  dditional federal credits and a   non-recurring   tax benefit from   previously-earned state tax credits were   offset by a higher   estimated   state tax   rate.  The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were lower due to the additional state and federal credits being recognized as discrete items in the first and third quarters of 2016, and the lower pre-tax income in those periods  . 

Seasonality  

Seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Historically, our average daily restaurant sales have been lower, and our net income has generally been lower, in the first and fourth quarters due in part to the holiday season and because fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (the winter months) than during periods of mild or warm weather (the spring, summer and fall months). Other factors also have a seasonal effect on our results. For example, restaurants located near colleges and universities generally do more business during the academic year. Seasonal factors, however, might be moderated or outweighed by other factors that may influence our quarterly results, such as unexpected publicity impacting our business in a positive or negative way, fluctuations in food or packaging costs or the timing of menu price increases. The number of trading days can also affect our quarterly results. Overall, on an annual basis, changes in trading days do not have a significant impact on our results. Our quarterly results are also affected by other factors such as the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, the number of new restaurants opened in a quarter, timing of marketing and promotional spend, and planned events such as our biennial All Managers  Conference. Accordingly, results for a particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, working capital and general corporate needs.   We have a cash and short term investment balance of $359.1 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business (primarily through opening restaurants), to repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions (including up to $69.2 million in repurchases under programs announced as of September 30, 2016), to maintain our existing restaurants, and for general corporate purposes. We also have a long term investment balance of $250.7 million, which consists of U.S. treasury notes with maturities up to approximately 18 months. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future  .   

We haven t required significant working capital because customers pay using cash or payment cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. In addition, we generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverage and supplies sometime after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support growth.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements or obligations.  

13   

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Estimates  

Critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are both significant and that require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and we might obtain different estimates if we used different assumptions or conditions. We had no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates since our last annual report. Our critical accounting estimates are identified and described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

ITEM  3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Commodity Price Risks  

We are exposed to commodity price risks. Many of the ingredients we use to prepare our food, as well as our packaging materials, are commodities or ingredients that are affected by the price of other commodities, exchange rates, foreign demand, weather, seasonality, production, availability and other factors outside our control. We work closely with our suppliers and use a mix of forward pricing protocols under which we agree with our supplier on fixed prices for deliveries at some time in the future, fixed pricing protocols under which we agree on a fixed price with our supplier for the duration of that protocol, and formula pricing protocols under which the prices we pay are based on a specified formula related to the prices of the goods, such as spot prices. However, a majority of the dollar value of goods purchased by us is effectively at spot prices. Generally our pricing protocols with suppliers can remain in effect for periods ranging from one to 18 months, depending on the outlook for prices of the particular ingredient. In several cases, we have minimum purchase obligations. We ve tried to increase, where necessary, the number of suppliers for our ingredients, which we believe can help mitigate pricing volatility, and we follow industry news, trade issues, exchange rates, foreign demand, weather, crises and other world events that may affect our ingredient prices. Increases in ingredient prices could adversely affect our results if we choose not to increase menu prices at the same pace for competitive or other reasons.  

Changing Interest Rates  

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through fluctuations of interest rates on our investments. Changes in interest rates affect the interest income we earn, and therefore impact our cash flows and results of operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had about $497.3 million in investments and interest-bearing cash accounts, including insurance related restricted trust accounts classified in other assets, and $108.0 million in accounts with an earnings credit we classify as interest income, which combined bear a weighted-average interest rate of 0.67%.  

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  

A portion of our operations consists of activities outside of the U.S. and we have currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the U.S. dollar. However, a substantial majority of our operations and investment activities are transacted in the U.S. and therefore our foreign currency risk is limited at this date.  

ITEM  4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

As of September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  

PART II  

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 8  Commitments and Contingencies  in our notes to condensed consolidated f  inancial   statements included in Item 1.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

14   

Table of Contents  

ITEM  1A.    RISK FACTORS  

There have been no material changes in our risk factors since our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, except as set forth below. 

Our marketing and advertising strategies may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business. 

We have developed a marketing and advertising strategy that we believe is unique in the restaurant industry. We have not generally advertised on television, and historically have engaged in very limited price or value-based promotions. Instead we have invested primarily in marketing and advertising strategies that we believe will increase customers  connection with our brand.  If these marketing and advertising investments do not drive increased restaurant sales, the expense associated with these programs will adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of comparable restaurant sales we expect. We may be particularly dependent on the success of our marketing programs in 2016, when we have invested significantly in marketing and promotional spending, including significant use of free and discounted food promotions, in an effort to attract customers back to our restaurants and reverse negative sales trends.  Beginning July 1, 2016, we implemented a new customer frequency program known as Chiptopia, which resulted in increases in free food giveaways during the third quarter, and will result in additional free food giveaways. Chiptopia also resulted in a deferral of revenue totaling $11.5 million in connection with outstanding rewards, with the deferred revenue to be recognized at the sooner of reward redemption or expiration, not later than the first quarter of 2017.  Chiptopia expired at the end of the third quarter, and we may not retain customers we attracted with Chiptopia and other free and discounted food promotions. 

In addition, our marketing has increasingly incorporated elements intended to encourage customers to question sources or production methods commonly used to produce food. These elements of our marketing could alienate food suppliers and other food industry groups and may potentially lead to an increased risk of disputes or litigation if suppliers or other constituencies believe our marketing is unfair or misleading. Increased costs in connection with any such issues, or any deterioration in our relationships with existing suppliers, could adversely impact us or our reputation. Furthermore, if these messages do not resonate with our customers or potential customers, the value of our brands may be eroded. 

We have also implemented strategies such as remote ordering and catering options in an effort to increase overall sales. Our catering program, in particular, is new and untested and may not increase our sales to the degree we expect, or at all. Catering and other out-of-restaurant sales options also introduce new operating procedures to our restaurants and we may not successfully execute these procedures, which could adversely impact the customer experience in our restaurants and thereby harm our sales and customer perception of our brand. 

Our success may depend on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 

Our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer Steve Ells founded our company, has been the principal architect of our business strategy, and has led our growth from a single restaurant in 1993 to over 2,100 restaurants today. Monty Moran, our co-Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Hartung, our Chief Financial Officer, have also served with us since early in our company s history and much of our growth has occurred under their direction as well. Mark Crumpacker, our Chief Marketing and Development Officer, has been instrumental in formulating strategies to help us regain customers following the sales declines we have experienced throughout 2016.  We believe our executive officers, each of whom is an at-will employee without any employment contract, have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another management team. We also believe that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership, or if a new management team were to be unsuccessful in executing our strategy or were to change important elements of our current strategy, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

15   

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer  

The table below reflects shares of common stock we repurchased during the third quarter of 2016.  

(2) 

This column   does not include an additional $100 million in authorized repurchases announced on October 25, 2016.   Each repurchase program has no expiration date. Authorization of repurchase programs may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.      

ITEM  3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None.  

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION  

On May 31, 2016, Monty Moran, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, adopted a sales plan designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The sales plan, which Mr. Moran adopted in compliance with restrictions imposed by our Insider Trading Policy, is intended to facilitate the diversification of Mr. Moran s personal assets. The plan provides for the exercise of vested stock appreciation rights held by Mr. Moran and sales of the underlying shares of common stock, subject to specified minimum market prices. Total exercises and sales on Mr. Moran s behalf under the plan are limited to an aggregate of 100,000 shares. In the event all of the stock appreciation rights subject to the sales plan are exercised, Mr. Moran would continue to beneficially own 392,255 shares of our common stock, which does not include 87,500 shares underlying unvested stock appr  eciation rights and up to 157,774   shares of common stock issuable in connection with outstanding performance share awards, which are subject to our achievement of financial or stock price performance targets. 

ITEM  6.    EXHIBITS    

The exhibits listed in the exhibit index following the signature page are filed or furnished as part of this report. 

16   

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC.  

By:  

/  S  / J  OHN   R. H  ARTUNG  

Name:  

John R. Hartung  

Title:  

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and duly authorized signatory for the registrant)  

Date: October 25, 2016 

17   

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

18   

<EX-3.1>
 2
 cmg-20160930xex3_1.htm
 EX-3.1

Exhibit 3_1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF   CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. 

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (the    Corporation   ), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the    DGCL   ), does hereby further certify as follows: 

(1)  The name of the Corporation is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. 

(2)  The name under which the Corporation was originally incorporated was Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., and the original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of   Delaware   on January 30, 1998. 

(3)    This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as theretofore amended or supplemented (the    Certificate of Incorporation   ) and there is no discrepancy between the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as theretofore amended and supplemented and the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  

(4)  This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 245 of the DGCL.     

(5)   The text of the Certificate of Incorporation hereby is integrated and restated to read in its entirety, as follows: 

Article I -  
			 NAME     

The name of the company is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (the    Corporation   ). 

Article II -  
			 AGENT     

The registered office of the Corporation is located at 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, in the County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware.  The name of its registered agent at that address is National Registered Agents, Inc. 

Article III -  
			 PURPOSE     

The purpose for which the Corporation is organized is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated under the General Corporation Law of the State of   Delaware   or any applicable successor act thereto, as the same may be amended from time to time (the    DGCL   ). 

Article IV -  
			 STOCK     

Section 1.      Authorized Stock  .        The Corporation shall have the authority to issue eight hundred thirty million (830,000,000) shares of capital stock, consisting of two hundred thirty million (230,000,000) shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share (the    Common Stock   ), and six hundred million (600,000,000) shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01 per share (the    Preferred Stock   ).  The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by such affirmative vote as may be required at that time by the DGCL.  

Section 2.      Common Stock  . 

(a)      Voting   General  .  Except as otherwise provided by law or by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall  

have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes.  Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation: 

(i) The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders; and 

(ii) holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to cast votes in person or by proxy in the manner and to the extent permitted under the Bylaws of the Corporation (the    Bylaws   ).   

Section 3.      Preferred Stock  .        The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more classes or series.  The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the    Board of Directors   ) is hereby authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series and, by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter referred to as    Preferred Stock Designation   ), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such class or series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such class or series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof prior to its issuance.  Each such class or series of Preferred Stock shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, as shall be authorized by the Board of Directors and stated in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation.  

The Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of any series of Preferred Stock.  Except as required by a Preferred Stock Designation or applicable law, holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of shareholders. 

Article V -  
			 BOARD OF DIRECTORS     

Section 1.      Number  .        The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors consisting of not fewer than three nor more than 20 directors (exclusive of directors referred to in the last paragraph of this Section 1), the exact number of directors to be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office.  

Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office.   

Elections of directors at an annual or special meeting of shareholders shall be by written ballot. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of shareholders, the number of such directors and the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the provisions of Article V of this Certificate of Incorporation and any resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant thereto, and such directors shall not be divided into classes unless expressly so provided therein. 

Section 2.      Vacancies  .        Any vacancy in the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors, from the death, disability, resignation, disqualification, removal of any director or from any other cause shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.  Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office for the remaining term of his or her predecessor.  

Section 3.      Removal  .        Any director or the entire Board may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, but only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock.  

Section 4.      Committees  .  Pursuant to the Bylaws, the Board of Directors may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any of or all of the powers and duties of the Board of Directors to the full extent permitted by laws.  

Article VI -  
			 LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS and OFFICERS     

Section 1.      Elimination of Certain Liability of Directors  .        A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its shareholders; (ii)     for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL; or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.  If the DGCL is hereafter amended to permit further elimination or limitation of the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended.   

Section 2.      Indemnification and Insurance  . 

Right to Indemnification  .        Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a    proceeding   ), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys  fees, judgments, liens, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and excise taxes or penalties arising under the     Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators;   provided, however,   that, except as provided in paragraph (b) hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors.  The right to indemnification conferred in this Section shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition   provided, however,   that, if the DGCL requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as such in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or otherwise (an    undertaking   ); and   provided further   that such advancement of expenses incurred by any person other than a director or officer shall be made only upon the delivery of an undertaking to the foregoing effect and may be subject to such other conditions as the Board may deem advisable. 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights; Accrued Rights  .        The right to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.  Such rights shall be contract rights, shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person s heirs, executors and administrators.  Any repeal or modification of this Article VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 

Insurance  .     The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 

(d)      Other Employees and Agents  .        The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee not within the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Section or to any agent of the Corporation, subject to such conditions as the Board of Directors may deem advisable. 

(e)      Savings Clause  .  If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each person entitled to indemnification hereunder as to all expense, liability, and loss (including attorney s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes, penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such person and for which indemnification is available to such person pursuant to this Article VI to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VI that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

The Corporation expressly elects to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 

Article VIII -  
			  RESERVED     

Article IX -  
			 CONSiDERATiON OF OThER CONSTITUENCIES     

In addition to any other considerations which they may lawfully take into account in determining whether to take or to refrain from taking action on any matter and in discharging their duties under applicable law and this Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors, its committees and each director may take into account the interests of customers, distributors, suppliers, creditors, current and retired employees and other constituencies of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the effect upon the communities in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries do business;   provided, however,   that this Article shall be deemed solely to grant discretionary authority only and shall not be deemed to provide to any constituency a right to be considered. 

Article X -  
			 SHAREHOLDER ACtiON     

Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Corporation may be taken only upon the vote of the shareholders at an annual or special meeting duly called and may not be taken by written consent of the shareholders. 

The Bylaws may establish procedures regulating the submission by shareholders of nominations and proposals for consideration at meetings of shareholders of the Corporation. 

Article XI -  
			 AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION     

Subject to any requirement of applicable law or any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation and to any voting rights granted to or held by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the Corporation reserves the right at any time from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and any other provisions authorized by the DGCL at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon shareholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article.  In addition to any affirmative vote required by applicable law or any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or specified in any agreement, and in addition to any voting rights granted to or held by the holders of any series of  

Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock shall be required to amend, add, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provisions inconsistent with this Certificate of Incorporation. 

Article XII -  
			 AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS     

The Board of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered to adopt, amend and repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors present at a regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which there is a quorum (as defined from time to time in the Certificate of Incorporation) or by written consent.  The shareholders of the Corporation may not adopt, amend or repeal any Bylaw, and no provision inconsistent therewith shall be adopted by the shareholders, unless such action is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock. 

The undersigned has executed this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., effective as of the date of filing with the Secretary of State of the State of   Delaware  . 

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. 

By:    /s/ Steve Ells            Name:    Steve Ells   Title:    Chairman and                 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 cmg-20160930xex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10_1

Exhibit   10  .1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED   CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC.   2011 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN      

1. 
			   Effective Date; Purpose of the Plan     

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. established, effective as of March 6, 2011,  the Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, which is hereby amended  and restated effective as of May 14, 2015, subject to stockholder approval, and shall remain in effect as provided in Section 19 below.  The Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Company and its shareholders by providing current and prospective directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and its Subsidiaries, who are largely responsible for the management, growth and protection of the business of the Company, with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in the service of the Company.  The Plan is designed to meet this intent by providing     Eligible Persons (as defined below) with a proprietary interest in pursuing the long-term growth, profitability and financial success of the Company. 

2. 
			   Definitions     

As used in the Plan or in any instrument governing the terms of any Incentive Award, the following definitions apply to the terms indicated below: 

(a) 
			      Board of Directors    means the Board of Directors of Chipotle    .     

(b) 
			    Business Combination  means a       merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar     transaction    .     

(c) 
			    Cause    means, when used in connection with the termination of a Participant s     employment with     the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Participant s award agreement with respect to an Incentive Award or effective employment agreement or other written agreement with respect to the termination of a Participant s     employment       with the Company, the termination of the Participant s     employment with   the   Company     on account of: (i) a failure of the Participant to substantially perform his or her duties (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury); (ii) the Participant s willful misconduct or gross negligence which is materially injurious to the Company; (iii) a breach by a Participant of the Participant s fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company; (iv) the Participant s unauthorized removal from the premises of the Company of any document (in any medium or form) relating to the Company or the customers of the Company; or (v) the commission by the Participant of any felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude.  Any rights the Company may have hereunder in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Company may have under any other agreement with the Participant or at law or in equity.  If, subsequent to a Participant s termination of     employment    , it is discovered that such Participant s     employment       could have been terminated for Cause, the Participant s     employment       shall, at the election of the Committee, in its sole discretion, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause retroactively to the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred.     

(d) 
			    Change in Control    means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of one or more of the following events:     

(i) 
			       Any Person becoming the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, a    Beneficial Owner   )    , directly or indirectly,     of   twenty-five percent or more of the combined voting power of Voting Securities; provided, however that a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur by reason of an acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company or by an employee benefit plan (or a trust forming a part thereof) maintained by the   Company    .  Notwithstanding the foregoing,     a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because any Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of twenty-five percent or more of the outstanding Voting Securities (A) in connection with a Business Combination that is not a Change in Control pursuant to sub-clause (iii), below, or (B) as a result of the acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company which, by reducing the number of Voting Securities deemed to be outstanding, increases the proportional number of shares Beneficially Owned by such Person,     provided, however,     that     if a Change in Control would have occurred (but for the operation of this proviso) as a result of the acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company     and     at any time     after   such acquisition such Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of any additional Voting Securities following which such Person is the Beneficial Owner of twenty-five percent or more of the outstanding Voting   Securities    ,         a Change in Control shall occur    ;        

(ii) 
			   The individuals who, as of March 16  ,      2011     are members of the Board of Directors (the    Incumbent Board   ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors; provided, however that if the election or appointment, or nomination for election by Chipotle s common stockholders, of any new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Board, such new director shall, for purposes of the Plan, thereafter be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board; provided, further, however, that no individual shall be considered a member of the Incumbent Board if such individual initially assumed office as a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board of Directors (a    Proxy Contest   ) including by reason of any agreement intended to avoid or settle any Proxy Contest; or     

(iii) 
			   The consummation of:     

(A) 
			   a      Business Combination     with or into the Company or in which securities of Chipotle are issued, unless such Business Combination is a Non-Control Transaction;     

(B) 
			   a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or     

(C) 
			   the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (on a consolidated basis) to any Person other than the Company or an employee benefit plan (or a trust forming a part thereof) maintained by the Company or by a Person which, immediately thereafter, will have all its voting securities owned by the holders of the Voting Securities immediately prior thereto, in substantially the same proportions.     

2   

For purposes of the Plan, a    Non-Control Transaction    is Business Combination involving the Company where: 

(x)    the holders of Voting Securities immediately before such Business Combination own, directly or indirectly immediately following such Business Combination more than fifty percent of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the parent corporation resulting   from, or     the corporation     iss  uing its voting securities as part of, such Business Combination (the    Surviving Corporation   ) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Securities immediately before such Business Combination by reason of their prior ownership of Voting Securities; 

(y)    the individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the execution of the agreement providing for such Business Combination constitute a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation, or a corporation beneficially owning a majority of the voting securities of the Surviving Corporation; and 

(z)    no Person other than the Company or any employee benefit plan (or any trust forming a part thereof) maintained immediately prior to such Business Combination by the Company     immediately following the time at which such transaction occurs, is a Beneficial Owner of twenty-five percent or more of the combined voting power of the Surviving Corporation s voting securities outstanding immediately following such Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Incentive Award that provides for the deferral of compensation and is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the transaction or event described in  (i), (ii), or (iii) above with respect to such Incentive Award must also constitute a  change in control event,  as defined in Treasury Regulation   1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code.  The Committee shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its sole discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred for purposes of this   Section 1(d)  , and the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto. 

(e) 
			    Chipotle    means Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto.     

(f) 
			    Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and all regulations, interpretations and administrative guidance issued thereunder.     

(g) 
			    Committee    means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors or such other committee as the Board of Directors shall appoint from time to time to administer the Plan and to otherwise exercise and perform the authority and functions assigned to the Committee under the terms of the Plan.     

(h) 
			    Common Stock    means Chipotle s     Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, or any other security into which the common stock shall be changed pursuant to the adjustment provisions of   Section 9   of the Plan.     

3   

(i) 
			    Company    means Chipotle and all of its Subsidiaries, collectively..     

(j) 
			    Director    means a member of the Board of Directors who is not at the time of reference an employee of the Company.     

(k) 
			    Dividend Equivalent    means     a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Common Stock) of dividends paid on Common Stock.  Dividend Equivalents may be granted based on dividends declared on the Common Stock, to be credited as of dividend payment dates during the period between the date an Incentive Award is granted to a Participant and such date or dates as determined by the Committee.  Such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional shares of Common Stock by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Committee.  In addition, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Incentive Award with performance-based vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such Incentive Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and such award vests.  No Dividend Equivalent shall be payable with respect to any Incentive Award unless specified by the Committee in the agreement evidencing the Incentive Award.     

(l) 
			    Eligible Person     means any (i) individual employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) consultant or advisor to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who may be offered securities registrable on Form S-8 under the Securities Act or pursuant to Rule 701 of the Securities Act, or any other available exemption, as applicable; or (iv) prospective employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who have accepted offers of employment or consultancy from the Company or its Subsidiaries (and would satisfy the provisions of clauses (i) through (iii) above once such person begins employment with or providing services to the Company or its Subsidiaries).       

(m) 
			    Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.     

(n) 
			    Fair Market Value    or    FMV       means, as of any date, the value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Committee, in its discretion, subject to the following:     

(i) 
			 If, on such date, Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) (or such other national securities exchange as may at the time be the principal market for the Common Stock), then:the Fair Market Value of a share shall be the closing price of a share of Common Stock as quoted on such exchange, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Company deems reliable (or, if no such closing price is reported, the closing price on the last preceding date on which a sale of Common Stock occurred); provided, however, that the Committee may, in its discretion, determine the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the basis of the opening, closing, or average of the high and low sale prices of a share of Common Stock on such date or the preceding trading day, the actual sale price of a Share, any other reasonable basis using actual transactions involving shares of Common Stock as reported on an established U.S. national or regional securities exchange, or on any other basis consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.     

(ii) 
			 If the Common Stock is not then listed and traded on the NYSE or other national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall be what the Committee determines in good  

4   

faith to be 100% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on that date, using such criteria as it shall determine, in its sole discretion, to be appropriate for valuation.     

(iii) 
			 The Committee may vary in its discretion the method of determining Fair Market Value as provided in this Section for purposes of different provisions under the Plan.  The Committee may delegate its authority to establish Fair Market Value for purposes of determining whether sufficient consideration has been paid to exercise Options or SARs or for purposes of any other transactions involving outstanding Incentive Awards.     

(o) 
			      Full Value Award    means any Incentive Award other than an Option or stock appreciation right.     

(p) 
			    Good Reason    means, unless otherwise provided in any award agreement entered between the Company and the Participant with respect to an Incentive Award or effective employment agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company with respect to the termination of a Participant s     employment       with the Company, the Participant s termination of     employment       on account of:      (i) a material diminution in a Participant s duties and responsibilities other than a change in such Participant s duties and responsibilities that results from becoming part of a larger organization following a Change in Control, (ii) a decrease in a Participant s base salary, bonus opportunity or benefits other than a decrease in bonus opportunity or benefits that applies to all employees of the Company otherwise eligible to participate in the affected plan or (iii) a relocation of a Participant s primary work location more than 30 miles from the Participant s work location on the date of grant of a Participant s Incentive Awards under the Plan, without the Participant s prior written consent; provided that, within thirty days following the occurrence of any of the events set forth herein, the Participant shall have delivered written notice to the Company of his or her intention to terminate his or her     employment       for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the circumstances claimed to give rise to the Participant s right to terminate     employment       for Good Reason, and the Company shall not have cured such circumstances within thirty days following the Company s receipt of such notice.     

(q) 
			    Incentive Award    means an Option or Other Stock-Based Award granted to a Participant pursuant to the terms of the Plan.     

(r) 
			    Option    means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to   Section 6  .     

(s) 
			    Other Stock-Based Award    means an equity or equity-related award granted to a Participant pursuant to   Section 7  .     

(t) 
			    Participant    means a Director    , consultant, advisor or employee of the Company who is eligible to participate in the Plan and to whom one or more Incentive Awards have been granted pursuant to the Plan and, following the death of any such Person, his successors, heirs, executors and administrators, as the case may be.     

(u) 
			    Performance-Based Compensation    means any Full Value Award designated by the Committee as Performance-Based Compensation under   Section 8   of the Plan.     

5   

(v) 
			    Performance Goals    mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Measures.       

(w) 
			    Performance Measures    means such measures as are described in   Section           8     on which Performance Goals are based in order to qualify certain awards granted hereunder as Performance-Based Compensation.     

(x) 
			    Performance Period    means the period of time during which the Performance Goals must be met in order to determine the degree of payout and/or vesting with respect to a Full Value Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation.     

(y) 
			    Person    means a  person  as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, including any  group  within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act.     

(z) 
			    Plan    means this Amended and Restated Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.     

(aa) 
			    Qualifying Termination    means a Participant s termination of     employment by the Company     Without Cause or for Good Reason, in either case during the period commencing on a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the Change in Control.     

(bb) 
			    Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.     

(cc) 
			    Subsidiary    means any  subsidiary  within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.     

(dd) 
			    Voting Securities    means, at any time, Chipotle s then outstanding voting securities.     

(ee) 
			    Without Cause    means a termination of a Participant s     employment     with the Company other than: (i) a termination of     employment by the Company for Cause, (ii) a termination of     employment as a result of   the Participant s   death or Disability or (iii) a termination of     employment     by the Participant for any reason.     

3. 
			                                                         Stock Subject to the Plan     

(a) 
			     In General     

Subject to adjustment as provided in   Section           9     and the following provisions of this   Section           3    , the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Incentive Awards granted under the Plan shall be increased from   3,360,000 to 5,560,000   shares of Common Stock  in the   aggregate, of which   960,000   shares of Common Stock were available for issuance but were not issued under the Company s   Amended and Restated 2006   Stock   Incentive   Plan.  Out of such aggregate, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be covered by Options that are designated as  incentive stock options  within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code shall not exceed   3,000,000   shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in   Section           9     and the following provisions of this   Section           3    .    Shares of Common Stock issued under  

6   

the Plan may be either authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares, or both, at the discretion of the Committee.  Any shares of Common Stock subject to Options or stock appreciation rights shall be counted against the maximum share limitation of this   Section           3          (a)     as one share of Common Stock for every share of Common Stock subject thereto.  Any shares of Common Stock subject to Full Value Awards shall be counted against the maximum share limitation of this   Section           3          (a)     as two shares of Common Stock for every share of Common Stock subject thereto. 

For purposes of the preceding paragraph, shares of Common Stock covered by Incentive Awards shall     only       be counted as used     to the extent they are       actually   issued and   delivered to a Participant (or such Participant s permitted transferees as described in the Plan) pursuant to the Plan.  For purposes of clarification, if shares of Common Stock are issued subject to conditions which may result in the forfeiture, cancellation or return of such shares to the Company, any portion of the shares forfeited, cancelled or returned shall be treated as not issued pursuant to the Plan.  Shares of Common Stock covered by Incentive Awards granted pursuant to the Plan in connection with the assumption, replacement, conversion or adjustment of outstanding equity-based awards in the context of a corporate acquisition or merger (within the meaning of Section 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual or any successor provision) shall not count as used under the Plan for purposes of this     Section           3    .      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the     following shares of Common Stock may not again be made available for issuance  as Incentive Awards under the Plan: (i) shares of Common Stock not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Option or stock appreciation right, (ii) shares of Common Stock used to pay the exercise price or     withholding taxes related to an outstanding Incentive Award, or (iii) shares of Common Stock     reacquired by     the     Company      with the     amount received upon     exercise of an Option.   

Subject to adjustment as provided in   Section         9    , the maximum number of   shares of Common Stock   subject to   Incentive Awards   which may be   granted under the Plan to any single Participant in any fiscal year of the Company shall not exceed   700,000   shares     per   fiscal year. 

(b) 
			   Prohibition on Substitutions and Repricings     

Except as provided in this Section 3(b) in no event shall any new Incentive Awards be issued in substitution for outstanding Incentive Awards previously granted to Participants, nor shall any repricing (within the meaning of US generally accepted accounting practices or any applicable stock exchange rule) of Incentive Awards issued under the Plan be permitted at any time under any circumstances, in each case unless the shareholders of the Company expressly approve such substitution or repricing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may authorize the issuance of Incentive Awards in substitution for outstanding Full Value Awards,  provided such substituted Incentive Awards are for a number of shares of Common Stock no greater than the number included in the original award, have an exercise price or base price (if applicable) at least as great as the exercise price or base price of the substituted award, and the effect of the substitution is (A) solely to add restrictions (such as performance conditions) to the award or (B) to provide a benefit to the Company (and not the Participant) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include substitutions performed for the purpose of permitting the Incentive Awards to qualify as  performance based compensation  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code).   

7   

4. 
			     Administration of the Plan; Certain Restrictions on Incentive Awards     

The Plan shall be administered by a Committee of the Board of Directors designated by the Board of Directors consisting of two or more persons, at least two of whom qualify as non-employee directors (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act), and as  outside directors  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(e)(3) and as  independent  within the   meaning of     the rules of     any applicable stock exchange or similar regulatory authority    . The Committee shall, consistent with the terms of the Plan, from time to time designate those employees     and non-employee directors who shall be granted Incentive Awards under the Plan and the amount, type and other terms and conditions of such Incentive Awards. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of a stock exchange on which the Company s shares are traded, the Committee may (i) allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and (ii) delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it    , provided that no such delegation may be made that would cause     any   Incentive Awards or other transactions under the Plan     to fail to or cease   to   be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or cause an Incentive Award designated as Performance-Based Compensation not to qualify for, or to cease to qualify for, any exemption from non-deductibility   under   Section 162(m) of the Code.     Any   such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time. 

The     Committee shall have full discretionary authority to administer the Plan, including discretionary authority to interpret and construe any and all provisions of the Plan and the terms of any Incentive Award (and any agreement evidencing any Incentive Award) granted thereunder and to adopt and amend from time to time such rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate (including without limitation the adoption or amendment of rules or regulations applicable to the grant, vesting or exercise of Incentive Awards issued to employees located outside the United States).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the Committee shall determine whether an authorized leave of absence, or absence in military or government service, shall constitute termination of     employment       and (ii) the     employment       of a Participant with the Company shall be deemed to have terminated for all purposes of the Plan if such person is employed by or provides services to a Person that is a   Subsidiary of the Company and such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company, unless the Committee     specifically     determines otherwise     in writing    .  Decisions   of the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive on all parties. 

On or after the date of grant of an Incentive Award under the Plan, the Committee may (i) accelerate the date on which any such Incentive Award becomes vested, exercisable or transferable, as the case may be, (ii) extend the term of any such Incentive Award, including, without limitation, extending the period following a termination of a Participant s     employment     with or services as a Director of the Company   during which any such Incentive Award may remain outstanding, (iii) waive any conditions to the vesting, exercisability or transferability, as the case may be, of any such Incentive Award  (iv) provide for the payment of dividends or Dividend Equivalents with respect to any such Incentive Award; or (v) otherwise amend an outstanding Incentive Award in whole or in part from time-to-time as the Committee determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be necessary or appropriate to conform the Incentive Award to, or  

8   

otherwise satisfy any legal requirement (including without limitation the provisions of Section 409A of the Code), which amendments may be made retroactively or prospectively and without the approval or consent of the Participant to the extent permitted by applicable law; provided, that the Committee shall not have any such authority to the extent that the grant or exercise of such authority would cause any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall a Full Value Award not subject to performance-based conditions have a vesting schedule resulting in such Full Value Award vesting in full prior to the third anniversary of the grant date,   provided  ,    however  , that this restriction will be inapplicable to awards representing no more than 5% of the total shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Plan.  For purposes of clarity, this restriction will not prohibit any Full Value Award from (i) having partial vesting dates prior to the third anniversary of the grant date in accordance with a proportionate vesting schedule determined at the discretion of the Committee, so long as such award does not vest in full prior to the third anniversary of the grant date, or (ii) having provisions for acceleration of the vesting date within the limitations set forth in the following paragraph. 

Also notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Incentive Award     provide for acceleration of the vesting date of such award other than in connection with the death, disability or retirement of the Participant holding such Incentive Award or a Change in Control,   provided  ,    however  , that this restriction will be inapplicable to awards representing no more than 5% of the total shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Plan. 

No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action, omission, or determination relating to the Plan, and Chipotle shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee and each other Director or employee of the Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan has been delegated against any cost or expense (including counsel fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the Committee) arising out of any action, omission or determination relating to the Plan, unless, in either case, such action, omission or determination was taken or made by such member, director or employee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that it was in the best interests of the Company. 

5. 
			   Eligibility     

The Persons who shall be eligible to receive Incentive Awards pursuant to the Plan shall be those employees, consultants and advisors of the Company     and Directors whom the Committee shall select from time to time.  All Incentive Awards granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a separate written agreement entered into by the Company and the recipient of such Incentive Award.   

The Committee may from time to time grant Options, subject to the following terms and conditions: 

9   

(a) 
			   Exercise Price     

The exercise price per share of Common Stock covered by any Option shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date on which such Option is granted.  The agreement evidencing the award of each Option shall clearly identify such Option as either an  incentive stock option  within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or as not an incentive stock option. 

(b) 
			   Term and Exercise of Options     

(1) 
			   Each Option shall become vested and exercisable on such date or dates, during such period and for such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be determined by the Committee on or after the date such Option is granted (including without limitation in accordance with terms and conditions relating to the vesting or exercisability of an Option set forth in any employment, severance, change in control or similar agreement entered into by the Company with a Participant on or after the date of grant) and subject to the restrictions set forth in   Section           4    ;    provided  ,    however   that no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date such Option is granted; and,   provided  ,    further  , that each Option shall be subject to earlier termination, expiration or cancellation as provided in the Plan or in the agreement evidencing such Option.  In addition, except as otherwise determined by the Committee at or after the time of grant, unless an Option becomes vested or exercisable pursuant to   Sections           6          (c)     or           6            (d)     hereof, an Option may not become vested or exercisable in whole or in part during the twelve-month period commencing with the date on which the Option was granted.     

(2) 
			   Each Option may be exercised in whole or in part;   provided  ,    however   that the Committee (or its delegatee)  may impose a minimum size for a partial exercise of an Option in its discretion from time to time.  The partial exercise of an Option shall not cause the expiration, termination or cancellation of the remaining portion thereof.     

(3) 
			   An Option shall be exercised by such methods and procedures as the Committee determines from time to time, including without limitation through net physical settlement or other method of cashless   exercise.      With respect to any Participant who is a member of the Board or an officer (as defined under SEC Rule 16a-1), a tender of shares of Common Stock or, a cashless or net exercise shall be a subsequent transaction approved as part of the original grant of an Option for purposes of the exemption under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.           

(4) 
			   Options may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of a Participant, only by the Participant;   provided  ,    however   that the Committee may permit Options to be     pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of, on a general or specific basis, subject to such conditions and limitations as the Committee may   determine  , except that Options may not be sold for consideration or transferred for value (provided further that transfers described in Section A.1.(a)(5) of the general instructions to Form S-8 shall not be deemed transfers for value for purposes of this section).     

(5) 
			 If the exercise of the Option following the termination of the Participant s employment or service (other than upon the Participant s death or disability) would be prohibited  

10   

at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, or any other requirements of applicable law, then the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option and (ii) the expiration of a period of 30 days after the termination of the Participant s employment or service during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements or other applicable requirements.     

(6) 
			 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, implement a provision in existing and future grants of Options and stock appreciation rights providing that if, on the last day that an Option or stock appreciation right may be exercised, the Participant has not then exercised such Option, such Option shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Participant on such last day and the Company shall make the appropriate payment to such Participant after applying minimum required tax withholding.  The Committee may delegate this authority to one or more of the Company s officers, who may implement this provision by including it in grant agreements or including it in the Plan s administrative rules, provided that such officers may not implement it in Incentive Awards to persons (i) who are Directors or otherwise subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or (ii) who are, or are reasonably expected to be, individuals the deductibility of whose compensation is limited by Section 162(m) of the Code.     

(c) 
			     Effect of Termination of     Employment     or other Relationship     

The agreement evidencing the award of each Option shall specify the consequences with respect to such Option of the termination of     the employment, service as a director or other relationship       between the Company and the Participant holding the Option, subject to the restrictions set forth in   Section           4    ,    provided  ,    however  , that except as expressly provided to the contrary in the agreement evidencing the award of a particular Option, where continued vesting or exercisability of an Option terminates in connection with the termination of a Participant s employment relationship with the Company, such Participant s employment relationship with the Company will be deemed, for purposes of such Option, to continue so long as Participant serves as either an employee of the Company or as a member of the Board.      Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, a Participant s     employment     will be deemed to terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination for Cause, regardless of whether Participant remains on the Board following such termination. 

(d) 
			     Effect of Qualifying Termination     

If a Participant experiences a Qualifying Termination or a Director s service on the Board terminates in connection with or as a result of a Change in Control, each Option outstanding immediately prior to such Qualifying Termination or termination of a Director s service shall become fully and immediately vested and exercisable as of such Qualifying Termination or termination of a Director s service and shall remain exercisable until its expiration, termination or cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the agreement evidencing such Option. 

(e) 
			   Special Rules for Incentive Stock Options     

11   

(1)      The aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Common Stock with respect to which  incentive stock options  (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year under the Plan and any other stock option plan of the Company (or any  subsidiary  as such term is defined in Section 424 of the Code of Chipotle) shall not exceed $100,000.  Such Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the date on which each such incentive stock option is granted.  In the event that the aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Common Stock with respect to such incentive stock options exceeds $100,000, then incentive stock options granted hereunder to such Participant shall, to the extent and in the order required by regulations promulgated under the Code (or any other authority having the force of regulations) (   Regulations   ), automatically be deemed to be non-qualified stock options, but all other terms and provisions of such incentive stock options shall remain unchanged.  In the absence of such Regulations (and authority), or in the event such Regulations (or authority) require or permit a designation of the options which shall cease to constitute incentive stock options, incentive stock options granted hereunder shall, to the extent of such excess and in the order in which they were granted, automatically be deemed to be non-qualified stock options, but all other terms and provisions of such incentive stock options shall remain unchanged.  

(2)      No incentive stock option may be granted to an individual if, at the time of the proposed grant, such individual owns stock possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of Chipotle or any of its  subsidiaries  (within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code), unless (i) the exercise price of such incentive stock option is at least one hundred and ten percent of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock at the time such incentive stock option is granted and (ii) such incentive stock option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date such incentive stock option is granted.  

7. 
			     Other Stock-Based Awards     

(a) 
			   Authorization of Other Stock-Based Awards     

The Committee may grant equity-based or equity-related awards not otherwise described herein in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.  Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, each such Other Stock-Based Award may, subject to the restrictions set forth in   Section           4     (i) involve the transfer of actual shares of Common Stock to Participants, either at the time of grant or thereafter, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of shares of Common Stock, (ii) be subject to performance-based and/or service-based conditions, (iii) be in the form of cash-settled stock appreciation rights, stock-settled stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, or share-denominated performance units (iv) be designed to comply with applicable laws of jurisdictions other than the United States, and (v) be designed to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Other Stock-Based Award       that is   a stock appreciation right   (i) shall have a base price   of   not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date on which such   stock appreciation right   is granted, (ii) shall not have an expiration date greater than ten years from the date on which such   stock appreciation right is granted and (iii) shall be subject to deemed exercise rule under Section 6(b)(6) using a settlement method similar to a net exercise for an Option. 

(b) 
			   Effect of Qualifying Termination; Other Termination Provisions     

12   

Except as may be expressly provided to the contrary by the Committee in an agreement evidencing the grant of an Other Stock-Based Award or any employment, severance, change in control or similar agreement entered into with a Participant, if a Participant experiences a Qualifying Termination or a Director s service on the Board terminates in connection with or as a result of a Change in Control, each Other Stock-Based Award outstanding immediately prior to such Qualifying Termination or termination of Director s service shall become fully and immediately vested and, if applicable, exercisable as of such Qualifying Termination or termination and shall remain exercisable until its expiration, termination or cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the agreement evidencing such Other Stock-Based Award. 

Furthermore, except as expressly provided to the contrary in the agreement evidencing the award of a particular Other Stock-Based Award, where continued vesting or exercisability of an Other Stock-Based Award terminates in connection with the termination of a Participant s employment relationship with the Company, such Participant s employment relationship with the Company will be deemed, for purposes of such Other Stock-Based Award, to continue so long as Participant serves as either an employee of the Company or as a member of the Board.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, a Participant s employment will be deemed to terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination for Cause, regardless of whether Participant remains on the Board following such termination. 

8. 
			     Performance Measures     

(a) 
			   Performance Measures     

The Committee shall have the authority, at the time of grant of any Full Value Award, to designate it as a Performance-Based Compensation intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Committee shall not be obligated to grant any Incentive Award in the form of  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

The Performance Measures that will be used to establish Performance Goals shall be based on attaining specific levels of performance (either alone or in any combination, and may be expressed with respect to the Company (and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, divisions or operating units or groups or any combination of the foregoing), and may include any of the following as the Committee may determine: revenue growth; cash flow; cash flow from operations; net   income  ; net income before equity compensation expense  ; earnings per share, diluted or basic; earnings per share from continuing operations, diluted or basic; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization; earnings from continuing operations; net asset turnover; inventory turnover; capital expenditures; income from operations; income   from operations excluding non-cash related entries; income from operations excluding non-cash adjustments; income from operations before equity compensation expenses; income from operations excluding equity compensation expense and lease expense; operating cash flow from operations; income   before income taxes; gross or operating margin  ; restaurant-level operating margin; profit margin; assets; debt; working capital; return on equity; return on net assets; return on total assets; return on capital; return on investment; return on revenue; net or gross revenue; comparable restaurant sales; new restaurant openings; market share; economic value added; cost of capital; expense reduction levels; safety record; stock price; productivity; customer satisfaction;  

13   

employee satisfaction; and total shareholder return.  For any Plan Year, Performance Measures may be determined on an absolute basis or relative to internal goals or relative to levels attained in years prior to such Plan Year or related to other companies or indices or as ratios expressing relationships between two or more Performance Measures.    

In the event that applicable tax and/or securities laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the governing Performance Measures without obtaining stockholder approval of such alterations, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such alterations without obtaining stockholder approval.  The Committee is authorized at any time during the first ninety (90) days of a Performance Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), or at any time thereafter to the extent the exercise of such authority at such time would not cause the Performance-Based Compensation granted to any Participant for such Performance Period to fail to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code, in its sole discretion, to adjust or modify the calculation of a Performance Goal for such Performance Period, based on and in order to appropriately reflect the following events: (i) asset write-downs; (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results; (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs; (v) events of an  unusual nature  or of a type that indicates  infrequency of occurrence , both as described in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 225-20 (or any successor pronouncement thereto) and/or in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Company s annual report to stockholders for the applicable year; (vi) acquisitions or divestitures; (vii) any other specific unusual or nonrecurring events, or objectively determinable category thereof; (viii) foreign exchange gains and losses; and (ix) a change in the Company s fiscal year. 

Performance Periods may be equal to or longer than, but not less than, one fiscal year of the Company and may be overlapping.  Within 90 days after the beginning of a Performance Period, and in any case before 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed, the Committee shall establish (a) Performance Goals for such Performance Period, (b) target awards for each Participant, and (c) schedules or other objective methods for determining the applicable performance percentage to be applied to each such target award. 

To the extent determined by the Committee at the time the Performance Measures are established, the measurement of any Performance Measure(s) may exclude the impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other unusual or non-recurring items, and the cumulative effects of accounting changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles and as identified in the Company s audited financial statements, including the notes thereto.  To the extent determined by the Committee at the time the Performance Measures are established, any Performance Measure(s) may be used to measure the performance of the Company or a Subsidiary as a whole or any business unit of the Company or any Subsidiary or any combination thereof, as the Committee may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance Measures as compared to the performance of a group of comparator companies, or a published or special index that the Committee, in its discretion, deems appropriate. 

14   

Nothing in this   Section 8   is intended to limit the Committee s discretion to adopt conditions with respect to any Incentive Award that is not intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation that relate to performance other than the Performance Measures.  In addition, the Committee may, subject to the terms of the Plan, amend previously granted Incentive Awards in a way that disqualifies them as Performance-Based Compensation. 

(b) 
			   Committee Discretion     

In the event that the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder change to permit Committee discretion to alter the Performance Measures without obtaining shareholder approval of such changes, the Committee shall have discretion to make such changes without obtaining shareholder approval.     

9. 
			 Adjustment Upon Changes in Common Stock     

(a) 
			   Shares Available for Grants     

In the event of any change in the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or exchange of shares or similar corporate change, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Committee may grant Incentive Awards and the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Committee may grant Incentive Awards to any individual Participant in any year shall   be     equitably     adjusted by the Committee.  In the event of any change in the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding by reason of any other similar event or transaction, the Committee may, but need not, make such adjustments in the number and class of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Awards may be granted as the Committee may deem appropriate. 

(b) 
			   Increase or Decrease in Issued Shares Without Consideration     

Subject to any required action by the shareholders of Chipotle, in the event of any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a subdivision or consolidation of shares of Common Stock or the payment of a stock dividend (but only on the shares of Common Stock), or any other increase or decrease in the number of such shares effected without receipt or payment of consideration by the Company or the payment of an extraordinary cash dividend, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each outstanding Incentive Award and the exercise price per share of Common Stock of each such Incentive Award shall be adjusted as necessary to prevent the enlargement or dilution of rights under such Incentive Award. 

(c) 
			   Certain Mergers     

Subject to any required action by the shareholders of Chipotle, in the event that Chipotle shall be the surviving corporation in any merger, consolidation or similar transaction as a result of which the holders of shares of Common Stock receive consideration consisting exclusively of securities of such surviving corporation, the Committee shall adjust each Incentive Award outstanding on the date of such merger or consolidation to the extent deemed appropriate by the  

15   

Committee so that it pertains to and applies to the securities which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Incentive Award would have received in such merger or consolidation. 

(d) 
			   Certain Other Transactions     

In the event of (i) a dissolution or liquidation of Chipotle, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (on a   consolidated basis)    , (iii) a Business Combination     in which Chipotle is not the surviving corporation, (iv) a     Business Combination     in   which Chipotle is the surviving corporation but the holders of shares of Common Stock receive securities of another corporation and/or other property, including cash, or (v) a Business Combination that is a Change in Control, the Committee       shall, in its discretion, have the power to: 

(i) 
			   cancel, effective immediately prior to the occurrence of such event, each Incentive Award (whether or not then exercisable), and, in full consideration of such cancellation, pay to the Participant to whom such Incentive Award was granted an amount in cash, for each share of Common Stock subject to such Incentive Award equal to the value, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, of such Incentive Award, provided that with respect to any outstanding Option     or stock appreciation right     such value shall be equal to the excess of (A) the value, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, of the property (including cash) received by the holder of a share of Common Stock as a result of such event over (B) the exercise price     (with respect to an Option) or the base price (with respect to a stock appreciation right);      

(ii) 
			   provide for the exchange of each Incentive Award (whether or not then exercisable or vested) for an incentive award with respect to, as appropriate, some or all of the property which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Incentive Award would have received in such transaction and, incident thereto, make an equitable adjustment as determined by the Committee in its discretion in the exercise price of the incentive award, or the number of shares or amount of property subject to the incentive award or, if appropriate, provide for a cash payment to the Participant to whom such Incentive Award was granted in partial consideration for the exchange of the Incentive Award    ; or       

(iii) 
			   a combination of the foregoing, which may vary among Participants    .     

(e) 
			   Other Changes     

In the event of any change in the capitalization of Chipotle or corporate change other than those specifically referred to in paragraphs       (b), (c) or (d), the Committee may, in its discretion, make such adjustments in the number and class of shares subject to Incentive Awards outstanding on the date on which such change occurs and in such other terms of such Incentive Awards as the Committee may consider appropriate. 

(f) 
			   No Other Rights     

Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the agreement evidencing the grant of an Option or Other Stock-Based Award, no Participant shall have any rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any dividend, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or any dissolution, liquidation, merger or  

16   

consolidation of Chipotle or any other corporation.  Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the agreement evidencing the grant of an Option or Other Stock-Based Award, no issuance by Chipotle of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of shares or amount of other property subject to any Incentive Award. 

(i) 
			   To the extent applicable and notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Company intends to administer, operate and interpret the Plan and all Incentive Awards granted thereunder in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A, however, the Company and its Subsidiaries (including their respective employees, officers, directors or agents) shall not have any liability to any Participant (or any other person) that is related to a Section 409A violation, nor will the Company indemnify or otherwise reimburse Participant (or any other person) for any liability incurred as a result of a violation of Code Section 409A.     

(ii) 
			 Notwithstanding any provision in   Section 14   of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Committee determines that any amounts payable hereunder will be taxable to a Participant under Section 409A of the Code prior to the payment and/or delivery to such Participant of such amount, the Company may (A) adopt such amendments to the Plan and related agreement, and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by the Plan and awards hereunder and/or (B) take such other actions as the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  No action shall be taken under this Plan which shall cause an award to fail to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable to such Award.       

(iii) 
			  With respect to any Incentive Award that is considered  deferred compensation  subject to Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan to  termination of employment  (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.  For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect of any Incentive Award granted under the Plan are designated as separate payments.       

(iv) 
			  Notwithstanding any payment provision in the Plan or an agreement evidencing an Incentive Award to the contrary, if a Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, no payments in respect of any Incentive Awards that are  deferred compensation  subject to Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise be payable upon the Participant s  separation from service  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) shall be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six months after the date of such Participant s  separation from service  or, if earlier, the Participant s date of death.  Following any applicable six month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum, without interest, on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day.       

10. 
			 Rights as a Stockholder     

17   

No person shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by or relating to any Incentive Award granted pursuant to the Plan until the date of the issuance of a stock certificate with respect to such shares.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in   Section           9     hereof, no adjustment of any Incentive Award shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date occurs prior to the date such stock certificate is issued. 

11. 
			   No Special Employment Rights; No Right to Incentive Award     

(a) 
			   Nothing contained in the Plan or any Incentive Award shall confer upon any Participant any right with respect to the continuation of his employment by or service to the Company or interfere in any way with the right of the Company at any time to terminate such employment or to increase or decrease the compensation of the Participant from the rate in existence at the time of the grant of an Incentive Award.     

(b) 
			   No person shall have any claim or right to receive an Incentive Award hereunder.  The Committee s granting of an Incentive Award to a Participant at any time shall neither require the Committee to grant an Incentive Award to such Participant or any other Participant or other person at any time nor preclude the Committee from making subsequent grants to such Participant or any other Participant or other person.     

(a) 
			   Chipotle shall be under no obligation to effect the registration pursuant to the Securities Act of any shares of Common Stock to be issued hereunder or to effect similar compliance under any state laws.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Chipotle shall not be obligated to cause to be issued or delivered any certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan unless and until Chipotle is advised by its counsel that the issuance and delivery of such certificates is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authority and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock are traded.  The Committee may require, as a condition to the issuance and delivery of certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, that the recipient of such shares make such covenants, agreements and representations, and that such certificates bear such legends, as the Committee deems necessary or desirable.     

(b) 
			   The exercise of any Option granted hereunder shall only be effective at such time as counsel to Chipotle shall have determined that the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to such exercise is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authority and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock are traded.  Chipotle may, in its discretion, defer the effectiveness of an exercise of an Option hereunder or the issuance or transfer of shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Incentive Award pending or to ensure compliance under federal or state securities laws or the rules or regulations of any exchange on which the Shares are then listed for trading.  Chipotle shall inform the Participant in writing of its decision to defer the effectiveness of the exercise of an Option or the issuance or transfer of shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Incentive Award.  During the period that the effectiveness of the exercise of an Option has been deferred, the Participant may, by written notice, withdraw such exercise and obtain the refund of any amount paid with respect thereto.     

18   

(a) 
			     Cash Remittance     

Whenever shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of an Option or the grant or vesting of an Incentive Award, Chipotle shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to Chipotle in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy       federal, state and local withholding tax requirements,     attributable to such exercise, grant or vesting prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates for such shares or the effectiveness of the lapse of such restrictions.  In addition, upon the exercise or settlement of any Incentive Award in cash, Chipotle shall have the right to withhold from any cash payment required to be made pursuant thereto an amount sufficient to satisfy the federal, state and local withholding tax requirements, if any, attributable to such exercise or settlement. 

(b) 
			   Stock Remittance     

At the election of the Participant, subject to the approval of the Committee, when shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise, grant or vesting of an Incentive Award, the   Participant may tender to Chipotle a number of shares of Common Stock     (subject to any minimum holding       period as the Committee may determine) having a fair market value     at the tender date determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy the minimum federal, state and local withholding tax requirements, if any, attributable to such exercise, grant or vesting but not greater than such minimum withholding obligations.  Such election shall satisfy the Participant s obligations under   Section 13(a)   hereof, if any. 

(c) 
			   Stock Withholding     

At the election of the Participant, subject to the approval of the Committee, when shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise, grant or vesting of an Incentive Award, Chipotle shall withhold a number of such shares having a fair market value       at the exercise date determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy the minimum federal, state and local withholding tax requirements, if any, attributable to such exercise, grant or vesting but not greater than such minimum withholding obligations.  Such election shall satisfy the Participant s obligations under   Section 13(a)   hereof, if any. 

With respect to any Participant who is a   member of the Board or an officer (as defined under SEC Rule 16a-1)  , a withholding   or tender of shares of Common Stock shall be a subsequent transaction approved as part of the Incentive Award for purposes of the exemption under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. 

14. 
			       Amendment or Termination of the Plan     

The Board of Directors may at any time suspend or discontinue the Plan or revise or amend it in any respect whatsoever;   provided  ,    however  , that to the extent any applicable law, regulation  

19   

or rule of a stock exchange requires shareholder approval in order for any such revision or amendment to be effective, such revision or amendment shall not be effective without such approval.            The preceding sentence shall not restrict the Committee s ability to exercise its discretionary authority hereunder pursuant to Section 4,     which discretion may be exercised without amendment to the Plan.  No provision of this   Section 14   shall be given effect to the extent that such provision would cause any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code.  Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no action hereunder may, without the consent of a Participant, reduce the Participant s rights under any previously granted and outstanding Incentive Award.  Nothing in the Plan shall limit the right of the Company to pay compensation of any kind outside the terms of the Plan. 

15. 
			   No Obligation to Exercise     

The grant to a Participant of an Incentive Award shall impose no obligation upon such Participant to exercise such Incentive Award. 

16. 
			   Transfers Upon Death     

Upon the death of a Participant, outstanding Incentive Awards granted to such Participant may be exercised only by the executors or administrators of the Participant s estate or by any person or persons who shall have acquired such right to exercise by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  No transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution of any Incentive Award, or the right to exercise any Incentive Award, shall be effective to bind Chipotle unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (a) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and (b) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Incentive Award that are or would have been applicable to the Participant and to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Participant in connection with the grant of the Incentive Award. 

17. 
			   Expenses and Receipts     

The expenses of the Plan shall be paid by Chipotle.  Any proceeds received by Chipotle in connection with any Incentive Award will be used for general corporate purposes. 

The Plan and the rights of all persons under the Plan shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law principles. 

20   

Effective with this amendment and restatement of the Plan, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, the Plan shall terminate on March 16, 2021.  After the Plan is terminated, no new Incentive Awards may be granted but Incentive Awards previously granted shall remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable terms and conditions and the Plan s terms and conditions. 

20. 
			   Company Recoupment of Incentive Awards     

The rights contained in this Plan shall be subject to (i) any right that the Company may have under any other Company recoupment policy or other agreement or arrangement with a Participant, or (ii) any right or obligation that the Company may have regarding the recovery of  incentive-based compensation  under Section 10D of the Exchange Act, as amended (as determined by the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) or other applicable law.  The Committee may determine, as late as the time of such recoupment or recovery, regardless of whether such method is stated in the Incentive Award agreement, whether the Company shall effect any such recoupment or recovery: (i) by seeking repayment from the Participant; (ii) by reducing (subject to applicable law and the terms and conditions of the applicable plan, program or arrangement) the amount that would otherwise be payable to the Participant under any compensatory plan, program or arrangement maintained by the Company, (iii) by withholding payment of future increases in compensation (including the payment of any discretionary bonus amount) or grants of compensatory awards that would otherwise have been made in accordance with the Company s otherwise applicable compensation practices, (iv) by holdback or escrow (before or after taxation) of part or all the Common Stock, payment or property received upon exercise or satisfaction of an Incentive Award or (v) by any combination of the foregoing. 

21. 
			 International Participants.       

With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States of America and subject to Section 8 above, the Committee may in its sole discretion grant Incentive Awards on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, or subplans as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory provisions and/or to obtain more favorable tax or other treatment for a Participant, the Company or its Subsidiaries.      For avoidance of doubt, the Committee may delegate its authority under this Section 21 with respect to any Participant; provided, however that only the Committee (or a subcommittee) thereof shall be authorized to grant Incentive Awards or otherwise provide additional benefits to a member of the Board or officer (as defined under SEC Rule 16a-1).  

21   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 cmg-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Steve Ells, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   October    2  5  , 201  6 

/s/     Steve Ells  

Steve Ells  

Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cmg-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Montgomery F. Moran, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   October    2  5  , 201  6 

/s/    Montgomery F. Moran  

Montgomery F. Moran  

Co-Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 cmg-20160930xex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

Exhibit 313

Exhibit 31.3  

CERTIFICATION  

I, John R. Hartung, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   October 25  , 201  6 

/s/     John R. Hartung  

John R. Hartung  

Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cmg-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Steve Ells, the Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer   of   Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (the  Registrant ), Montgomery F. Moran, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant and John R. Hartung, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  

1. 

The Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  , 201  6  , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      

2. 

The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Registrant at the end of the period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Registrant for the periods covered by the Periodic Report.      

Date:   October 25  , 201  6 

/s/     Steve Ells  

/s/     John R. Hartung  

Steve Ells  

John R. Hartung  

Founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/    Montgomery F. Moran  

Montgomery F. Moran  

Co-Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cmg-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cmg-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cmg-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cmg-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cmg-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cmg-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

