<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1580156_0001193125-16-757973_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4106641</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145827</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>259637</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>720505</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1677446</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1056039</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-757973.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103064830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-757973
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOOKS: PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING AND PRINTING [2731]
		IRS NUMBER:				271566372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36166
		FILM NUMBER:		161970083

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 BERKELEY STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-351-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 BERKELEY STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HMH Holdings (Delaware), Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-757973.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d263288d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  Commission file number 001-36166        
       Houghton
Mifflin Harcourt Company      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  27-1566372   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    222 Berkeley Street   
  Boston, MA 02116      (617)
351-5000      (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices)
            
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, outstanding as of October 31, 2016 was 123,008,206.      

Table of Contents  

     Table of Contents   

Page(s)  

PART I.   
    
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
    
    Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited):   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

8 

Item 2.  
    
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

20 

Item 3.  
    
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

39 

Item 4.  
    
    Controls and Procedures   

40 

PART II.   
    
   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
    
    Legal Proceedings   

40 

Item 1A.  
    
    Risk Factors   

40 

Item 2.  
    
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

40 

Item 5.  
    
    Other Information   

41 

Item 6.  
    
    Exhibits   

41 

SIGNATURES     

42  

2  

Table of Contents  

   SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 The statements contained herein include forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms  believes,   estimates,   projects,   anticipates,   expects,   could,   intends,   may,   will 
or  should,   forecast,   intend,   plan,   potential,   project,   target  or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking
statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects,
growth, strategies, the industry in which we operate, the impact of new accounting guidance, expenses, effective tax rates, future liabilities, decisions of our customers, education expenditures, population growth, state curriculum adoptions and
purchasing cycles, the impact of acquisitions and other investments, our share repurchase program and potential business decisions. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many
detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual
results. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to us on the date of this report.    By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained herein. In addition, even if our
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained herein, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or
developments in subsequent periods.    Important factors that could cause our results to vary from expectations include, but are not limited to: changes in
state and local education funding and/or related programs, legislation and procurement processes; industry cycles and trends; the rate and state of technological change; changes in product distribution channels and concentration of retailer power;
changes in our competitive environment; periods of operating and net losses; our ability to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights; risks based on information technology systems; dependence on a small number of print and paper
vendors; third-party software and technology development; our ability to identify, complete, or achieve the expected benefits of, acquisitions; increases in our operating costs; exposure to litigation; major disasters or other external threats;
contingent liabilities; risks related to our indebtedness; future impairment charges; changes in school district payment practices; a potential increase in the portion of our sales coming from digital sales; risks related to doing business abroad;
management changes; the results and timing of our search for a new Chief Executive Officer; and other factors discussed in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (and our
subsequent filings pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described herein may not occur.  
 We undertake no obligation, and do not expect, to publicly update or publicly revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
herein.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
   Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company   
  Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited)   
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (in thousands of dollars, except share and per share information)       

1.  
  Basis of Presentation       Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company ( HMH ,
 Houghton Mifflin Harcourt ,  we ,  us ,  our , or the  Company ) is a global learning company, specializing in education solutions across a variety of media, delivering content, services and
technology to both educational institutions and consumers, reaching over 50 million students in more than 150 countries worldwide. In the United States, we are a leading provider of kindergarten through 12th grade ( K-12 ) educational
content by market share. We believe our long-standing reputation and trusted brand enable us to capitalize on consumer and digital trends in the education market through our existing and developing channels. Furthermore, our trade, general interest,
young readers and reference material include adult and children s fiction and non-fiction books that have won industry awards such as the Pulitzer Prize, Newbery and Caldecott medals and National Book Award.  
 We believe our leadership position in the K-12 market, our primary market, provides us with strong competitive advantages. We have established
relationships with educators, institutions, parents, students and life-long learners that are founded on our education expertise, content and services. Our portfolio of intellectual property spans educational, general interest, children s and
reference works, and has been developed by leading educators and award-winning authors including 10 Nobel Prize winners, 48 Pulitzer Prize winners and 15 National Book Award winners. Our content includes national education programs such as
 Collections ,  GO! Math ,  READ 180  and Channel One News, as well as characters and titles such as Curious George, Carmen Sandiego,  The Little Prince ,  The Lord of the Rings ,  Life of Pi ,  Webster s New
World Dictionary  and  Cliffs Notes .    The consolidated financial statements of HMH include the accounts of all of our wholly owned
subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. Certain information and note disclosures
normally included in our annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted consistent with Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, our unaudited consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary by management to fairly state the results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the interim periods presented. Interim
results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year or for any future period. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements and the notes thereto also included
therein.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded out-of-period corrections of approximately $2.9 million increasing
net sales and reducing deferred revenue that should have been recognized previously. Management believes these out-of-period corrections are not material to the current period financial statements or any previously issued financial statements.  
  Seasonality and Comparability   
 Our net sales, operating profit or loss and net cash provided by or used in operations are impacted by the inherent seasonality of the academic
calendar. Consequently, the performance of our businesses may not be comparable quarter to consecutive quarter and should be considered on the basis of results for the whole year or by comparing results in a quarter with results in the same quarter
for the previous year.    In the K-12 market, we typically receive payments for products and services from individual school districts, and,
to a lesser extent, individual schools and states. In the Trade Publishing markets, payment is received for products and services from book distributors and retail booksellers. In the case of testing and assessment products and services, payment is
received from the individually contracted parties.    Approximately 88% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2015 were
derived from our Education segment, which is a markedly seasonal business. Schools conduct the majority of their purchases in the second and third quarters of the calendar year in preparation for the beginning of the school year. Thus, for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, approximately 68% of our consolidated net sales were realized in the second and third quarters. Sales of K-12 instructional materials and customized testing products are also cyclical, with some years
offering more sales opportunities than others. The amount of funding available at the state level for educational materials also has a significant effect on year-to-year net sales. Although the loss of a single customer would not have a material
adverse effect on our business, schedules of school adoptions and market acceptance of our products can materially affect year-to-year net sales performance.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

2.  
  Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates       Our financial results are affected by the
selection and application of accounting policies and methods. There were no material changes in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the application of significant accounting policies and estimates as described in our audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

3.  
  Recent Accounting Standards       Recent accounting standards not included below are not
expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations.      Recently Issued Accounting
Standards      In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued a guidance update to classifications
of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the Statement of Cash Flows with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. This updated guidance addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a
business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (including bank-owned life insurance policies); distributions received from equity method investees;
beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. This guidance will be effective in 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of this guidance and we do not expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In
March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. The guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are
settled, thus eliminating additional paid-in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition, the guidance
allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. The guidance is effective in 2017 with early adoption permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this guidance and
we do not expect it to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that
primarily requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets but record expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting
for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance is effective in 2019 with early adoption permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.
   In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance to defer the effective date of the new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition by one
year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before fiscal years beginning after the original effective date of December 15, 2016. This new
accounting standard will replace all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core
principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
This guidance will be effective beginning January 1, 2018 and can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. We are in the process of evaluating the impact that
the adoption of this new revenue recognition standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. As the new standard will supersede substantially all existing revenue guidance, it could impact the revenue
recognition on a significant amount of our contracts, in addition to our business processes and our information technology systems. Further, we will be required to capitalize incremental costs to acquire new contracts, whereas we currently expense
those costs as incurred. We expect to have our evaluation of the impact of the new standard complete in 2017.      Recently Adopted
Accounting Standards      In April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance related to simplifying the presentation of debt
issuance costs. This standard amends existing guidance to require the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of a deferred charge, consistent with debt
discounts. The SEC later clarified guidance in August 2015 stating that debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements may be presented as an asset and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement,
regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the new accounting guidance. The new guidance is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We retrospectively adopted this standard during the first quarter of 2016.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

4.  
  Acquisitions       On April 23, 2015, we entered into a stock and asset purchase
agreement with Scholastic Corporation ( Scholastic ) to acquire certain assets (including the stock of two of Scholastic s subsidiaries) comprising its Educational Technology and Services ( EdTech ) business. On May 29,
2015, we completed the acquisition and paid an aggregate purchase price of $575.0 million in cash to Scholastic, subject to adjustments for working capital.  
 The acquisition provided us with a leading position in intervention curriculum and services and extends our product offerings in key growth
areas, including educational technology, early learning, and education services, creating a more comprehensive offering for students, teachers and schools.  
 The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the results of operations of the purchased assets of
EdTech are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.    The unaudited pro forma information presented
in the following table summarizes the consolidated results of operations for the periods presented as if the acquisition of EdTech had occurred on January 1, 2014. The pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only
and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the periods, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results. For each period
presented, the pro forma results include estimates of the interest expense on debt used to finance the acquisition, the amortization of the other intangible assets recorded in connection with the acquisition, the impact of the write-down of acquired
deferred revenue to fair value and the related tax effects of the adjustments.      

5.  
  Inventories       Inventories consisted of the following:  

6.  
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets       Goodwill and other intangible assets consisted of
the following:      
   The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the period ended September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

10  

Table of Contents  

  Amortization expense for publishing rights and customer related and other intangibles were $20.6
million and $26.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $64.9 million and $76.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   
   Our debt consisted of the following:  
   
    Term Loan Facility   
 In connection with our closing of the EdTech acquisition referred to in Note 4, we entered into an amended and restated term loan credit
facility (the  Term Loan Facility ) dated May 29, 2015 to increase our outstanding term loan credit facility from $250.0 million, of which $178.9 million was outstanding, to $800.0 million, all of which was drawn at closing. The Term
Loan Facility matures on May 29, 2021 and the interest rate is based on LIBOR plus 3.0% or an alternative base rate plus applicable margins. LIBOR is subject to a floor of 1.0% with the length of the LIBOR contracts ranging up to six months at
the option of the Company.    The Term Loan Facility may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium. The Term Loan
Facility is required to be repaid in quarterly installments equal to 0.25%, or $2.0 million, of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Loan Facility immediately prior to the first quarterly payment date.  
 The Term Loan Facility was issued at a discount equal to 0.5% of the outstanding borrowing commitment. As of September 30, 2016, the interest
rate of the Term Loan Facility was 4.0%.    The Term Loan Facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants. The Term Loan
Facility is subject to usual and customary conditions, representations, warranties and covenants, including restrictions on additional indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, asset dispositions, dividends to stockholders, repurchase
or redemption of our stock, transactions with affiliates and other matters. The Term Loan Facility is subject to customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the administrative agent may, or at the request of certain
required lenders shall, accelerate the obligations outstanding under the Term Loan Facility.    We are subject to Excess Cash Flow provisions
under our Term Loan Facility which are predicated upon our leverage ratio and cash flow.    On May 29, 2015, in connection with the Term
Loan Facility described above, we paid off the remaining outstanding balance of our previous $250.0 million term loan facility of approximately $178.9 million. The transaction was accounted for under the guidance for debt modifications and
extinguishments. We incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $2.2 million related to the write off of the portion of the unamortized deferred financing fees associated with the portion of the term loan accounted for as
extinguishment associated with the term loan facility. We incurred approximately $15.6 million of third-party fees for the transaction, of which approximately $13.6 million were capitalized as deferred financing fees and approximately $2.0 million
was recorded to expense and included in the selling and administrative line item in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 In accordance with the Excess Cash Flow provisions of the previous term loan facility, we made a $63.6 million principal payment on
March 5, 2015. In connection with this principal payment, we accelerated the amortization of deferred financing costs of $2.0 million, which was recognized as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.     Interest Rate Hedging   
 On August 17, 2015, we entered into interest rate derivative contracts with various financial institutions having an aggregate notional
amount of $400.0 million to convert floating rate debt into fixed rate debt, which we designated as cash flow hedges, and had $400.0 million outstanding as of September 30, 2016. We assessed at inception, and re-assess on an ongoing basis, whether
the interest rate derivative contracts are highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value of the hedged variable rate debt.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  These interest rate swaps were designated as hedges and qualify for hedge accounting under the
accounting guidance related to derivatives and hedging. Accordingly, we recorded an unrealized loss of $9.1 million in our statements of comprehensive loss to account for the changes in fair value of these derivatives during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The total hedge liability of $12.8 million is included within long-term other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. The interest rate derivative contracts mature on July 22, 2020.  
  Revolving Credit Facility   
 On July 22, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ). The
Revolving Credit Facility provides borrowing availability in an amount equal to the lesser of either $250.0 million or a borrowing base that is computed monthly and comprised of the borrowers  and the guarantors  eligible inventory and
receivables. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a letter of credit subfacility of $50.0 million, a swingline subfacility of $20.0 million and the option to expand the facility by up to $100.0 million in the aggregate under certain specified
conditions. The Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium. The transaction was accounted for under the accounting guidance for modifications to or exchanges of revolving debt arrangements. We
incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $0.9 million in the third quarter of 2015 related to the write off of the portion of the unamortized deferred financing fees associated with the portion of the Revolving Credit Facility
accounted for as an extinguishment. We incurred approximately $1.6 million of third-party fees which were capitalized as deferred financing fees.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 on a trailing four-quarter
basis only during certain periods commencing when excess availability under the Revolving Credit Facility is less than certain limits prescribed by the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to usual and
customary conditions, representations, warranties and covenants, including restrictions on additional indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, asset dispositions, dividends to stockholders, repurchase or redemption of our stock,
transactions with affiliates and other matters. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to customary events of default. No amounts have been drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant under our Revolving Credit Facility was not applicable, due to our
level of borrowing availability.     Guarantees and Security   
 Under both the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishers Inc., HMH Publishers LLC and Houghton
Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company are the borrowers (collectively, the  Borrowers ), and Citibank, N.A. acts as both the administrative agent and the collateral agent.  
 The obligations under our senior secured credit facilities are guaranteed by the Company and each of its direct and indirect for-profit
domestic subsidiaries (other than the Borrowers) (collectively, the  Guarantors ) and are secured by all capital stock and other equity interests of the Borrowers and the Guarantors and substantially all of the other tangible and
intangible assets of the Borrowers and the Guarantors, including, without limitation, receivables, inventory, equipment, contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other intellectual property, cash, bank accounts and securities accounts and
owned real estate. The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by first priority liens on receivables, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts, instruments, chattel paper and other assets related to the foregoing (the  Revolving First
Lien Collateral ), and second priority liens on the collateral which secures the Term Loan Facility on a first priority basis. The Term Loan Facility is secured by first priority liens on the capital stock and other equity interests of the
Borrowers and the Guarantors, equipment, owned real estate, trademarks and other intellectual property, general intangibles that are not Revolving First Lien Collateral and other assets related to the foregoing, and second priority liens on the
Revolving First Lien Collateral.      

8.  
  Severance and Other Charges        2016   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $5.2 million of severance payments were made to employees whose employment ended in 2016 and
prior years and $2.2 million of net payments for office space no longer utilized by the Company. Further, we recorded an expense in the amount of $9.9 million to reflect additional costs for severance related to executive management changes and cost
saving initiatives, which we expect to be paid over the next twelve months, along with a favorable $1.0 million accrual adjustment for vacated space.  
  2015     During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, $3.0 million of severance payments were made to employees whose employment ended in 2015 and prior years and $3.3 million of net payments for office space no longer utilized by the Company. Further, we recorded an
expense in the amount of $3.2 million to reflect additional costs for severance, which have been fully paid, along with a $0.4 million accrual for vacated space.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of the significant components of the severance/restructuring and other charges is as
follows:      
     
   The current portion of the severance and other charges was $7.1 million and $4.9 million as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      

9.  
  Income Taxes       The computation of the annual estimated effective tax rate at each interim
period requires certain estimates and significant judgment, including, but not limited to, the expected operating income for the year, projections of the proportion of income earned and taxed in various jurisdictions, permanent and temporary
differences and the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets generated in the current year. The accounting estimates used to compute the provision for income taxes may change as new events occur, more experience is acquired, additional
information is obtained or as the tax environment changes.    At the end of each interim period, we estimate the annual effective tax rate
and apply that rate to our ordinary quarterly earnings. The amount of interim tax benefit recorded for the year-to-date ordinary loss is limited to the amount that is expected to be realized during the year or recognizable as a deferred tax asset at
year end. The tax expense or benefit related to significant, unusual or extraordinary items that will be separately reported or reported net of their related tax effect, are individually computed, and are recognized in the interim period in which
those items occur. In addition, the effect of changes in enacted tax laws or rates or tax status is recognized in the interim period in which the change occurs.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded an income tax expense (benefit) of $(15.9) million and $(39.6) million,
respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded an income tax expense (benefit) of approximately $15.7 million and $(30.1) million, respectively. The benefit was impacted by approximately $1.0 million and $34.9
million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, attributed to a release of an accrual for uncertain tax positions as the statutory period expired. For all periods, the income tax expense was impacted by certain discrete
tax items including the accrual of potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. Including the tax effects of these discrete tax items, the effective rate was (21.4)% and (43.3)% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and (17.9)% and 45.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Reserves for unrecognized tax
benefits, excluding accrued interest and penalties, were $15.5 and $16.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      

10.  
  Retirement and Postretirement Benefit Plans       We have a noncontributory, qualified
defined benefit pension plan (the  Retirement Plan ), which covers certain employees. The Retirement Plan is a cash balance plan, which accrues benefits based on pay, length of service, and interest. The funding policy is to contribute
amounts subject to minimum funding standards set forth by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code. The Retirement Plan s assets consist principally of common stocks, fixed income securities, investments
in registered investment companies, and cash and cash equivalents. We also have a nonqualified defined benefit plan, or  Nonqualified Plan,  that previously covered employees who earned over the qualified pay limit as determined by the
Internal Revenue Service. The Nonqualified Plan accrues benefits for the participants based on the cash balance plan  
      13  

Table of Contents  

calculation. The Nonqualified Plan is not funded. We use a December 31 date to measure the pension and postretirement liabilities. In 2007, both the qualified and nonqualified pension plans
eliminated participation in the plans for new employees hired after October 31, 2007.    We are required to recognize the funded status
of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans as an asset or liability in the balance sheet and are required to recognize actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits in other comprehensive income and subsequently
amortize those items in the statement of operations. Further, we are required to use a measurement date equal to the fiscal year-end.    Net
periodic benefit cost (credit) for our pension and other postretirement benefits plans consisted of the following:      
     
   There were no contributions to the pension plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and we
do not expect to make a contribution to the pension plans during 2016.      

11.  
  Fair Value Measurements       The accounting standard for fair value measurements, among
other things, defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure for each major asset and liability category measured at fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis. The accounting
standard establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:      

Level 1 
    
 Observable input such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;  

Level 2 
    
 Observable inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and  

Level 3 
    
 Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.  
   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on one or more of three valuation techniques
identified in the tables below. Where more than one technique is noted, individual assets or liabilities were valued using one or more of the noted techniques. The valuation techniques are as follows:  

(a)  
   Market approach: Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities;    

(b)  
   Cost approach: Amount that would be currently required to replace the service capacity of an asset (current replacement cost); and    

(c)  
   Income approach: Valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based on market expectations (including present value techniques).
   
      14  

Table of Contents  

  On a recurring basis, we measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value,
including our money market funds, short-term investments which consist of U.S. treasury securities and U.S. agency securities, foreign exchange forward and option contracts, and interest rate derivatives contracts. The accounting standard for fair
value measurements defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. In determining fair value, we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as consider counterparty and its credit risk in its assessment of fair value.  
  Financial Assets and Liabilities   
 The following tables present our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:      
     
   Our money market funds and U.S. treasury securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy
because they are valued using quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments. Our U.S. agency securities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using other than quoted prices in active markets.
In addition to $99.5 million and $175.5 million invested in money market funds as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, we had $50.6 million and $58.8 million of cash in bank accounts as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively.    Our foreign exchange derivatives consist of forward contracts and are classified within Level 2
of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued based on observable inputs and are available for substantially the full term of our derivative instruments. We use foreign exchange forward contracts to fix the functional currency value of
forecasted commitments, payments and receipts. The aggregate notional amount of the outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts was $17.3 million and $17.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Our foreign
exchange forward contracts contain netting provisions to mitigate credit risk in the event of counterparty default, including payment default and cross default. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of our counterparty
default exposure was less than $1.0 million and spread across several highly rated counterparties.    Our interest rate derivatives
instruments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued based on observable inputs and are available for substantially the full term of our derivative instruments. Our interest rate risk relates
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

primarily to U.S. dollar borrowings, partially offset by U.S. dollar cash investments. We have historically used interest rate derivative instruments to manage our earnings and cash flow exposure
to changes in interest rates by converting floating-rate debt into fixed-rate debt. We designate these derivative instruments either as fair value or cash flow hedges under the accounting guidance related to derivatives and hedging. We record
changes in the value of fair value hedges in interest expense, which is generally offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt obligation. Interest payments made or received related to our interest rate derivative instruments are included
in interest expense. We record the effective portion of any change in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges as unrealized gains or losses in other comprehensive income, net of tax, until the hedged cash flow occurs,
at which point the effective portion of any gain or loss is reclassified to earnings. We record the ineffective portion of our cash flow hedges in interest expense. In the event the hedged cash flow does not occur, or it becomes no longer probable
that it will occur, we reclassify the amount of any gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge to interest expense at that time. The aggregate notional amount of the outstanding interest rate derivative instruments was $400.0 million as of
September 30, 2016.    We do not have significant concentrations of credit risk arising from our interest rate derivatives financial
instruments, whether from an individual counterparty or a related group of counterparties. We manage the concentration of counterparty credit risk on our interest rate derivatives instruments by limiting acceptable counterparties to a diversified
group of major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of credit exposure to each counterparty, and actively monitoring their credit ratings and outstanding fair values on an ongoing basis. Furthermore, none
of our derivative transactions contain provisions that are dependent on our credit ratings from any credit rating agency.    We also employ
master netting arrangements that reduce our counterparty payment settlement risk on any given maturity date to the net amount of any receipts or payments due between us and the counterparty financial institution. Thus, the maximum loss due to
counterparty credit risk is limited to the unrealized gains in such contracts net of any unrealized losses should any of these counterparties fail to perform as contracted. Although these protections do not eliminate concentrations of credit risk,
as a result of the above considerations, we do not consider the risk of counterparty default to be significant.     Non-Financial Assets
and Liabilities     There were no impairments related to our non-financial assets and there were no non-financial liabilities measured at
fair value on a non-recurring basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    There were no non-financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015.    Our non-financial assets, which include goodwill, other
intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, and pre-publication costs, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. However, if certain trigger events occur, or if an annual impairment test is required, we evaluate the
nonfinancial assets for impairment. If an impairment did occur, the asset is required to be recorded at the estimated fair value. An impairment analysis was not performed for the preparation of this report, as there were no triggering events for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Fair Value of Debt   
 The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair market values of our debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. The fair value of debt is deemed to be the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  
   
   The fair market values of our debt were estimated based on quoted market prices on a private exchange for
those instruments that are traded and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The fair market values require varying degrees of management judgment. The factors used to estimate
these values may not be valid on any subsequent date. Accordingly, the fair market values of the debt presented may not be indicative of their future values.      

12.  
  Commitments and Contingencies       There were no material changes in our commitments under
contractual obligations, as disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.    We are
involved in ordinary and routine litigation and matters incidental to our business. Litigation alleging infringement of copyrights and other intellectual property rights has become extensive in the educational publishing industry. Specifically,
there  
      16  

Table of Contents  

have been various settled, pending and threatened litigation that allege we exceeded the print run limitation or other restrictions in licenses granted to us to reproduce photographs in our
textbooks. During the second quarter of 2016, we settled all such pending or actively threatened litigations alleging infringement of copyrights, and will make total settlement payments of $10.0 million collectively, with $4.0 million paid during
the third quarter of 2016 and $6.0 million to be paid during the first quarter of 2017.    We were contingently liable for $4.1 million and
$9.4 million of performance-related surety bonds for our operating activities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. An aggregate of $31.7 million and $31.9 million of letters of credit existed as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of which $2.4 million and $2.5 million backed the aforementioned performance-related surety bonds as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 We routinely enter into standard indemnification provisions as part of license agreements involving use of our intellectual property. These
provisions typically require us to indemnify and hold harmless licensees in connection with any infringement claim by a third party relating to the intellectual property covered by the license agreement. The assessment business routinely enters into
contracts with customers that contain provisions requiring us to indemnify the customer against a broad array of potential liabilities resulting from any breach of the contract or the invalidity of the test. Although the term of these provisions and
the maximum potential amounts of future payments we could be required to make is not limited, we have never incurred any costs to defend or settle claims related to these types of indemnification provisions. We therefore believe the estimated fair
value of these provisions is inconsequential, and have no liabilities recorded for them as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no individual customer comprised more than 10% of our accounts receivable, net balance. We
believe that our accounts receivable credit risk exposure is limited and we have not experienced significant write-downs in our accounts receivable balances.      

13.  
  Net Income (Loss) Per Share       The following table sets forth the computation of basic and
diluted earnings per share ( EPS ):      
   As we incurred a net loss in the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, presented above, the
outstanding stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units for those periods have an anti-dilutive effect and therefore are excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Accordingly, basic and diluted
weighted average shares outstanding are equal for such periods.    The following table summarizes our weighted average outstanding common
stock equivalents that were anti-dilutive attributable to common stockholders during the periods, and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted EPS:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

14.  
  Stockholders  Equity        Stock Repurchase Program   
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion in aggregate value of the Company s common stock. The
aggregate share repurchase program may be executed through December 31, 2018. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time in the open market (including under a trading plan) or in privately negotiated transactions. The
extent and timing of any such repurchases would generally be at our discretion and subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other considerations. Any repurchased shares may be used for general corporate purposes.  
 The Company s share repurchase activity was as follows:      
   As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $482.0 million available for share repurchases under this
authorization.      
   As of September 30, 2016, we had two reportable segments (Education
and Trade Publishing). Our Education segment provides educational products, technology platforms and services to meet the diverse needs of today s classrooms. These products and services include print and digital content in the form of
textbooks, digital courseware, instructional aids, educational assessment and intervention solutions, which are aimed at improving achievement and supporting learning for students that are not keeping pace with peers, professional development and
school reform services. Our Trade Publishing segment primarily develops, markets and sells consumer books in print and digital formats and licenses book rights to other publishers and electronic businesses in the United States and abroad. The
principal markets for Trade Publishing products are retail stores, both physical and online, and wholesalers. Reference materials are also sold to schools, colleges, libraries, office supply distributors and other businesses.  
 We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on net sales and segment Adjusted EBITDA. We exclude from our segments certain
corporate-related expenses, as our corporate functions do not meet the definition of a segment, as defined in the accounting guidance relating to segment reporting. In addition, certain transactions or adjustments that our Chief Operating Decision
Maker considers to be non-operational, such as amounts related to goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, derivative instruments charges, acquisition-related activity, restructuring/integration costs, severance, separation costs and
facility closures, equity compensation charges, debt extinguishment losses, legal settlement charges, amortization and depreciation expenses, as well as interest and taxes, are excluded from segment Adjusted EBITDA. Although we exclude these amounts
from segment Adjusted EBITDA, they are included in reported consolidated net income (loss) and are included in the reconciliation below.      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to the consolidated statements of operations is as follows:  

19  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations     The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of HMH
should be read in conjunction with the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and the related notes thereto
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) on February 25, 2016. This  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  Overview     We are a global learning
company, specializing in education solutions across a variety of media. We deliver content, services and technology to both educational institutions and consumers, reaching over 50 million students in more than 150 countries worldwide. In the
United States, we are a leading provider of K-12 educational content by market share. We believe our long-standing reputation and trusted brand enable us to capitalize on consumer and digital trends in the education market through our existing and
developing channels. Furthermore, since 1832, our trade and reference materials, including adult and children s fiction and non-fiction books, have won industry awards such as the Pulitzer Prize, Newbery and Caldecott medals and National Book
Award.     Corporate History     Houghton
Mifflin Harcourt Company was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 5, 2010, and was established as the holding company of the current operating group. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt was formed in December 2007 with the acquisition of
Harcourt Education Group, then the second-largest K-12 U.S. publisher, by Houghton Mifflin Group. We are headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.  
  EdTech Acquisition     On April 23,
2015, we entered into a stock and asset purchase agreement with Scholastic Corporation ( Scholastic ) to acquire certain assets (including the stock of two of Scholastic s subsidiaries) comprising its Educational Technology and
Services ( EdTech ) business. On May 29, 2015, we completed the acquisition and paid an aggregate purchase price of $575.0 million in cash to Scholastic, subject to adjustments for working capital.  
 The EdTech acquisition provided us with a leading position in intervention curriculum and services and extends our product offerings in key
growth areas, including educational technology, early learning, and education services, creating a more comprehensive offering for students, teachers and schools. EdTech s consulting and professional development services focus on
optimizing the utilization of the products, especially digital solutions, as well as helping teachers and school districts meet professional standards and implement new requirements and standards, including the Common Core State Standards.  
 The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the results of operations of the purchased assets
of EdTech are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.    We have allocated the purchase price to the
EdTech assets acquired and liabilities assumed at estimated fair values as of May 29, 2015. The excess of the purchase price over the net of amounts assigned to the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed has been recorded
as goodwill, which is allocated to our Education segment. The goodwill recognized is primarily the result of expected synergies. All of the goodwill and identifiable intangibles associated with the acquisition will be deductible for tax purposes.
    Key Aspects and Trends of Our Operations   
   Business Segments      We are organized
along two business segments: Education and Trade Publishing. Our Education segment is our largest segment and represented approximately 88% of our total net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. Our Trade
Publishing segment represented approximately 12% of our total net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. The Corporate and Other category represents certain general overhead costs not fully allocated to the business
segments, such as legal, accounting, treasury, human resources and executive functions.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

    Net Sales    
 We derive revenue primarily from the sale of print and digital content and instructional materials, trade books, reference materials,
multimedia instructional programs, license fees for book rights, content, software and services, test scoring, consulting and training. We primarily sell to customers in the United States. Our net sales are driven primarily as a function of volume
and, to a certain extent, changes in price. Our net sales consist of our billings for products and services, less revenue that will be deferred until future recognition and a provision for product returns. Deferred revenues primarily derive from
online interactive digital content, digital and online learning components along with undelivered work-texts, workbooks and services. The work-texts, workbooks and services are deferred until delivered, which often extends over the life of the
contract and the online and digital content is typically recognized ratably over the life of the contract. The digitalization of education content and delivery is driving a substantial shift in the education market. An increasing number of schools
are utilizing digital content in their classrooms and implementing online or blended learning environments, which is altering the historical mix of print and digital educational materials in the classroom. As a result, our business model has shifted
to more digital and online learning components to address the needs of the education marketplace; thus, resulting in an increase in our billings being deferred compared to historical levels.  
 Basal programs, which represent the most significant portion of our Education segment net sales, cover curriculum standards in a particular
K-12 academic subject and include a comprehensive offering of teacher and student materials required to conduct the class throughout the school year. Products and services in basal programs include print and digital offerings for students and a
variety of supporting materials such as teacher s editions, formative assessments, whole group instruction materials, practice aids, educational games and professional services. The process through which materials and curricula are selected and
procured for classroom use varies throughout the United States. Currently, nineteen states, known as adoption states, review and approve new basal programs usually every six to eight years on a state-wide basis. School districts in those states
typically select and purchase materials from the state-approved list. The remaining states are known as open states or open territories. In those states, materials are not reviewed at the state level, and each individual school or school
district is free to procure materials at any time, although most follow a five to ten year replacement cycle. The student population in adoption states represents over 50% of the U.S. elementary and secondary school-age population. Many adoption
states provide  categorical funding  for instructional materials, which means that state funds cannot be used for any other purpose. Our basal programs, primarily in adoption states, typically have higher deferred sales than other parts of
the business. The higher deferred sales are primarily due to the length of time that our programs are being delivered, along with greater component and digital product offerings. A significant portion of our Education segment net sales is dependent
upon our ability to maintain residual sales, which are subsequent sales after the year of the original adoption, and our ability to continue to generate new business. In addition, our market is affected by changes in state curriculum standards,
which drive instruction, assessment and accountability in each state. Changes in state curriculum standards require that instructional materials be revised or replaced to align to the new standards, which historically has driven demand for basal
programs.    We also derive our Education segment net sales from the sale of summative, formative or in-classroom, and cognitive assessments
to districts and schools in all 50 states. Summative assessments are concluding or  final  exams that measure students  proficiency in a particular academic subject or group of subjects on an aggregate level or against state
standards. Formative assessments are on-going, in-classroom tests that occur throughout the school year and monitor progress in certain subjects or curriculum units. Additionally, our offerings include supplemental products that target struggling
learners through comprehensive intervention solutions aimed at raising student achievement by providing solutions that combine technology, content and other educational products, as well as consulting and professional development services. We also
offer products targeted at assisting English language learners.    In international markets, we predominantly export and sell K-12 books to
premium private schools that utilize the U.S. curriculum, which are located primarily in Asia, the Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, the Caribbean and Africa. Our international sales team utilizes a global network of distributors in local
markets around the world.    Our Trade Publishing segment sells works of fiction and non-fiction in the General Interest and Young
Reader s categories, dictionaries and other reference works. While print remains the primary format in which trade books are produced and distributed, the market for trade titles in digital format, primarily e-books, has developed over the past
several years, and generally represents approximately 10% of our Trade Publishing net sales.    Factors affecting our net sales include:
    Education       

state or district per student funding levels;        

federal funding levels;        

the cyclicality of the purchasing schedule for adoption states;        

student enrollments;    
      21  

Table of Contents  

adoption of new education standards;        

technological advancement and the introduction of new content and products that meet the needs of students, teachers and consumers, including through strategic agreements pertaining to content development and
distribution; and        

the amount of net sales subject to deferrals which is impacted by the mix of product offering between digital and non-digital products, the length of programs and the mix of product delivered immediately or over time.
      Trade Publishing       

consumer spending levels as influenced by various factors, including the U.S. economy and consumer confidence;        

the publishing of bestsellers along with obtaining recognized authors;        

movie tie-ins to our titles that spur sales of current and backlist titles, which are titles that have been on sale for more than a year; and    

market growth or contraction.      State or district per-student funding levels, which closely
correlate with state and local receipts from income, sales and property taxes, impact our sales as institutional customers are affected by funding cycles. Most public school districts, the primary customers for K-12 products and services, are
largely dependent on state and local funding to purchase materials. Recently, total educational materials expenditures by institutions in the United States have been rebounding in the wake of the economic recovery. Globally, education
expenditures are projected to grow at 7% through 2018, according to GSV Asset Management.    We monitor the purchasing cycles for specific
disciplines in the adoption states in order to manage our product development and to plan sales campaigns. Our sales may be materially impacted during the years that major adoption states, such as Florida, California and Texas, are or are not
scheduled to make significant purchases. For example, Florida is adopting social studies materials in 2016, for purchase in 2017, and is scheduled to adopt science in 2017, for purchase in 2018. Texas school districts purchased social studies and
high school math materials in 2015 and will purchase materials for languages other than English in 2017. The next major adoption in Texas is expected to be Reading/English Language Arts, currently scheduled for adoption in 2018 and purchase in
2019. California adopted math materials in 2013, with purchases beginning in 2014 and continuing through 2016, and adopted English language arts materials in 2015 for purchase beginning in 2016 and continuing through 2018. Both Florida and
Texas, along with several other adoption states, provide dedicated state funding for instructional materials and classroom technology, with funding typically appropriated by the legislature in the first half of the year in which materials are to be
purchased. Texas has a two-year budget cycle and in the 2017 legislative session is expected to appropriate funds for purchases in 2017 and 2018. California funds instructional materials in part with a dedicated portion of state lottery proceeds and
in part out of general formula funds, with the minimum overall level of school funding determined according to the Proposition 98 funding guarantee. Nationally, total state funding for public schools has been trending upward as state revenues
recover from the lows of the 2008-2009 economic recession. While we do not currently have contracts with these states for future instructional materials adoptions and there is no guarantee that we will continue to capture the same market share in
the future, we have historically, although not always, captured a leading market share in these states in the years that they adopt educational materials for various subjects.  
 Long-term growth in the U.S. K-12 market is positively correlated with student enrollments, which is a driver of growth in the educational
publishing industry. Although economic cycles may affect short-term buying patterns, school enrollments are highly predictable and are expected to trend upward over the longer term. According to NCES, student enrollments are expected to increase
from 54.7 million in 2010, to over 57.0 million by the 2022 school year. Outside the United States, the global education market continues to demonstrate strong macroeconomic growth characteristics. Population growth is a leading indicator
for pre-primary school enrollments, which have a subsequent impact on secondary and higher education enrollments. Globally, according to UNESCO, rapid population growth has caused pre-primary enrollments to grow by 50.3% worldwide over the 10-year
period from 2004 to 2014. Additionally, according to the United Nations, the world population of 7.2 billion in 2013 is projected to increase by 1 billion by 2025 and reach 9.6 billion by 2050, as countries develop and improvements in medical
conditions increase the birth rate.    The digitalization of education content and delivery is also driving a substantial shift in the
education market. As the K-12 educational market transitions to purchasing more digital solutions, we believe our ability to offer embedded assessments, adaptive learning, real-time interaction and student specific personalization in addition to our
core educational content in a platform- and device-agnostic manner will provide new opportunities for growth.    Our Trade Publishing
segment is heavily influenced by the U.S. and broader global economy, consumer confidence and consumer spending. As the economy continues to recover, both consumer confidence and consumer spending have increased.  
 While print remains the primary format in which trade books are produced and distributed, the market for trade titles in digital format,
primarily e-books, has developed over the past several years, as the industry evolved to embrace new technologies for developing, producing, marketing and distributing trade works. We continue to focus on the development of innovative new digital
products which capitalize on our strong content, our digital expertise and the consumer demand for these products.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  In the Trade Publishing segment, annual results can be driven by bestselling trade titles.
Furthermore, backlist titles can experience resurgence in sales when made into films. Over the past several years, a number of our backlist titles such as  The Hobbit ,  The Lord of the Rings ,  Life of Pi ,  Extremely Loud and
Incredibly Close, The Giver  and  The Time Traveler s Wife  have benefited in popularity due to movie releases and have subsequently resulted in increased trade sales.  
 We employ several pricing models to serve various customer segments, including institutions, consumers, other government agencies
( e.g. , penal institutions, community centers, etc.) and other third parties. In addition to traditional pricing models where a customer receives a product in return for a payment at the time of product receipt, we currently use the following
pricing models:      

Pay-up-front: Customer makes a fixed payment at time of purchase and we provide a specific product/service in return;        

Pre-pay Subscription: Customer makes a one-time payment at time of purchase, but receives a stream of goods/services over a defined time horizon; for example, we currently provide customers the option to purchase a
multi-year subscription to textbooks where for a one-time charge, a new copy of the work text is delivered to the customer each year for a defined time period. Pre-pay subscriptions to online textbooks are another example where the customer receives
access to an online book for a specific period of time; and        

Pay-as-you-go Subscription: Similar to the pre-pay subscription, except that the customer makes periodic payments in a pre-described manner. With the exception of our professional services business, this pricing model
is the least prevalent of the three models.        Cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization    
 Cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, include expenses directly attributable to the production of our
products and services, including the non-capitalizable costs associated with our content and platform development group. The expenses within cost of sales include variable costs such as paper, printing and binding costs of our print materials,
royalty expenses paid to our authors, gratis costs or products provided at no charge as part of the sales transaction, and inventory obsolescence. Also included in cost of sales are labor costs related to professional services and the
non-capitalized costs associated with our content and platform development group. We also include amortization expense associated with our customer facing software platforms. Certain products such as trade books and those products associated with
our renowned authors carry higher royalty costs; conversely, digital offerings usually have a lower cost of sales due to lower costs associated with their production. Also, sales to adoption states usually contain higher cost of sales. A change in
the sales mix of our products or services can impact consolidated profitability.      Publishing rights and Pre-publication amortization    
 A publishing right is an acquired right which allows us to publish and republish existing and future works as well as create new works based on
previously published materials. As part of our March 9, 2010 restructuring, we recorded an intangible asset for publishing rights and amortize such asset on an accelerated basis over the useful lives of the various copyrights involved. This
amortization will continue to decrease approximately 25% annually through March of 2023.    We capitalize the art, prepress, manuscript and
other costs incurred in the creation of the master copy of our content, known as the pre-publication costs. Pre-publication costs are primarily amortized from the year of sale over five years using the sum-of-the-years-digits method, which is an
accelerated method for calculating an asset s amortization. Under this method, the amortization expense recorded for a pre-publication cost asset is approximately 33% (year 1), 27% (year 2), 20% (year 3), 13% (year 4) and 7% (year 5). We
utilize this policy for all pre-publication costs, except with respect to our Trade Publishing segment s consumer books, which we generally expense such costs as incurred, our assessment products, which we use the straight-line amortization
method and the acquired content of the EdTech business, which we amortize over 7 years using an accelerated amortization method. The amortization methods and periods chosen best reflect the pattern of expected sales generated from individual titles
or programs. We periodically evaluate the remaining lives and recoverability of capitalized pre-publication costs, which are often dependent upon program acceptance by state adoption authorities.  
   Selling and administrative expenses    
 Our selling and administrative expenses include the salaries, benefits and related costs of employees engaged in sales and marketing,
fulfillment and administrative functions. Also included within selling and administrative costs are variable costs such as commission expense, outbound transportation costs and depository fees, which are fees paid to state-mandated depositories that
fulfill centralized ordering and warehousing functions for specific states. Additionally, significant fixed and discretionary costs include facilities, telecommunications, professional fees, promotions, sampling and advertising. We expect our
selling and administrative costs in dollars to increase as we continue to invest in new growth initiatives.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Other intangible asset amortization    
 Our other intangible asset amortization expense primarily includes the amortization of acquired intangible assets consisting of customer
relationships, tradenames, content rights and licenses. The customer relationships, tradenames, content rights and licenses are amortized over varying periods of 6 to 25 years. The expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$6.0 million and $18.1 million, respectively.      Interest expense    
 Our interest expense includes interest accrued on our term loan facility along with, to a lesser extent, our Revolving Credit Facility, capital
leases, the amortization of any deferred financing fees and loan discounts, and payments in connection with interest rate hedging agreements. Our interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.5 million and
$28.2 million, respectively.     Results of Operations   
   Consolidated Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
   
   NM = not meaningful  
  Net sales  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $42.5 million, or 7.4%, from $575.5 million for the same period in
2015 to $533.0 million. The net sales decrease was driven by a decline in domestic education net sales of $48.0 million due to a smaller new adoption market in 2016 versus 2015 coupled with lower market share, $6.0 million of lower professional
services delivered and $6.0 million of lower net sales from the assessment business, primarily clinical, due to the natural attrition of sales over time following the initial release of a new product version. Partially offsetting the decrease was a
$3.0 million increase in net sales from the international business due primarily to greater sales in Latin America, and $2.6 million of higher Trade Publishing net sales driven by strong net sales of current year and prior year frontlist titles such
as  The Whole 30 ,  Little Blue Truck Halloween ,  Steve Young s QB  and  How to Bake Everything .     Operating
income  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $19.2 million from $102.6 million for the same period in 2015 to $83.4 million, due primarily to the following:  

The impact of the decline in net sales of $42.5 million,    
      24  

Table of Contents  

A $2.2 million increase in severance and other charges due to changes in executive management as well as continued restructuring activities,    

Partially offsetting the aforementioned, our cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, decreased $14.3 million compared to prior year period. As a percentage of net sales, our cost of
sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, increased to 38.7% from 38.3%, resulting in an approximate $2.0 million increase in our cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, due to product
mix as we sold more product carrying high cost this period offset by a $16.3 million decrease attributed to lower volume,        

Additionally, selling and administrative costs declined $6.6 million due to decreased commission expense attributed to lower sales performance partially offset by higher labor costs, and    

A $4.6 million net reduction in net amortization expense related to publishing rights, pre-publication costs and other intangible assets, due primarily to our use of accelerated amortization methods.    
  Interest expense  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.7 million, from $10.2 million for the same period in 2015
to $9.5 million, primarily due to a lower outstanding balance on our Term Loan Facility.     Change in fair value of derivative
instruments  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 favorably changed by $0.3 million from a slight loss for the same period in 2015 to a gain of $0.3 million in 2016. The change in fair value of derivative instruments was related to
foreign exchange forward and option contracts executed on the Euro that were favorably impacted by the weaker U.S. dollar against the Euro during the quarter.  
  Income tax benefit  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 unfavorably changed $23.8 million, from a benefit of $39.6 million for
the same period in 2015, to a benefit of $15.9 million in 2016. The 2015 benefit was impacted by $34.9 million attributed to the release of an accrual for uncertain tax positions as the statutory period expired. For 2016, our annual effective tax
rate, exclusive of discrete items used to calculate the tax provision, is expected to be approximately (15.7)% which is primarily attributed to the movement in the deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived
intangibles, and state and foreign taxes. For 2015, the annual effective tax rate was estimated to be (5.4)% due to similar items impacting the tax rate. The increase in the rate in 2016 from 2015 is due to the higher deferred tax liability
associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles. For both periods, the income tax expense was impacted by certain discrete tax items including the accrual of potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

    Consolidated Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
   
   NM = not meaningful  
  Net sales  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $12.8 million, or 1.1%, from $1,118.1 million for the same period in
2015 to $1,130.9 million. The net sales increase was driven by the $45.0 million incremental contribution from the EdTech business which was acquired in May 2015. Further, there was an $18.0 million increase in net sales of the international
business due primarily to Department of Defense sales, and to a lesser extent, greater sales in the Asia Pacific and Latin America. Further, there was a $1.5 million increase in Trade Publishing net sales due to strong net sales of frontlist
titles  The Whole30, The Immortal Irishman , Property Brothers  Dream Home, Little Blue Truck Halloween  and  Food Freedom Forever . Partially offsetting this increase was a decline in the company s legacy domestic education
business net sales of $51.0 million due to a smaller new adoption market in 2016 versus 2015, lower market share, and $15.0 million of lower net sales from the assessment business, primarily clinical, due to the natural attrition of sales over time
following the initial release of a new product version.     Operating loss  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 changed
unfavorably by $20.6 million from an operating loss of $39.4 million for the same period in 2015 to an operating loss of $60.0 million, due primarily to the following:      

A $32.9 million increase in selling and administrative costs due to higher fixed and discretionary expenses attributed to the EdTech business. Partially offsetting the increase were lower commission expenses in 2016
versus the prior period due to the sales performance shortfall. We incurred lower transactional expenses as compared to the prior year relating to equity, acquisition and integration activity, largely offset by additional expenses relating to legal
settlements and integration activity in the current year,        

Additionally, there was a $5.3 million increase in severance and other charges attributed to changes in executive management as well as cost reduction activities in the current year, and    

Partially offsetting the operating loss increase was a $4.8 million net reduction in net amortization expense related to publishing rights, pre-publication costs and other intangible assets, due primarily to our use of
accelerated amortization methods,       Interest expense  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $5.9
million, from $22.3 million for the same period in 2015 to $28.2 million, primarily as a result of the increase to our outstanding term loan credit facility from $243.1 million to $800.0 million, all of which was drawn at closing of the EdTech
business acquisition in May 2015.     Change in fair value of derivative instruments  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
favorably changed by $2.3 million from an expense of $1.9 million for the same period in 2015 to a gain of $0.4 million in 2016. The change in fair value of derivative instruments was related to favorable foreign exchange forward and option
contracts executed on the Euro that were favorably impacted by the weaker U.S. dollar against the Euro during the comparative nine months.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Income tax expense  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $45.8
million, from a benefit of $30.1 million for the same period in 2015 to an expense of $15.7 million in 2016. For 2016, our annual effective tax rate, exclusive of discrete items used to calculate the tax provision, is expected to be approximately
(15.7)% which is primarily attributed to the movement in the deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles, and state and foreign taxes. For 2015, the effective tax rate was estimated to be (5.4)% due to
similar items impacting the tax rate. The increase in the rate in 2016 from 2015 is due to the higher deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles partially resulting from the acquisition of the EdTech
business. For both periods, the income tax expense was impacted by certain discrete tax items including the accrual of potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions.  
  Adjusted EBITDA     To supplement our
financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, we have presented Adjusted EBITDA, which is not prepared in accordance with GAAP. This information should be considered as supplemental in nature and should not be considered in isolation or as
a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations because it assists both
investors and management in analyzing and benchmarking the performance and value of our business. Adjusted EBITDA provides an indicator of general economic performance that is not affected by debt restructurings, fluctuations in interest rates or
effective tax rates, non-cash charges, or levels of depreciation or amortization along with costs such as severance, separation and facility closure costs, acquisition-related activity costs, and restructuring/integration costs. Accordingly, our
management believes that this measurement is useful for comparing general operating performance from period to period. In addition, targets in Adjusted EBITDA (further adjusted to include changes in deferred revenue and exclude pre-publication costs
spend) are used as performance measures to determine certain compensation of management, and Adjusted EBITDA is used as the base for calculations relating to incurrence covenants in our debt agreements. Other companies may define Adjusted EBITDA
differently and, as a result, our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA of other companies. Although we use Adjusted EBITDA as a financial measure to assess the performance of our business, the use of Adjusted
EBITDA is limited because it does not include certain material costs, such as interest and taxes, necessary to operate our business. Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, net loss/income in accordance with
GAAP as a measure of performance. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or free cash flow for discretionary use. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on Adjusted EBITDA.  
 Below is a reconciliation of our net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

27  

Table of Contents  

   Segment Operating Results   
   Results of Operations Comparing Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Education       
   NM = not meaningful  
 Our Education segment net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $45.0 million, or 8.5%, from $532.2 million for the
same period in 2015 to $487.2 million. The net sales decrease was driven by a decline in domestic education net sales of $48.0 million attributed to a smaller new adoption market in 2016 versus 2015 coupled with lower market share, $6.0 million of
lower professional services delivered and $6.0 of lower net sales from the assessment business, primarily clinical, due to the natural attrition of sales over time following the initial release of a new product version. Partially offsetting the
decrease was a $3.0 million increase in net sales from the international business due primarily to greater sales in Latin America.    Our
Education segment cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $17.4 million, or 7.2%, from $241.9 million for the same period in 2015 to $224.5 million. Our cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and
pre-publication amortization, decreased $14.4 million from $192.7 million in 2015 to $178.2 million in 2016. Lower volume reduced the cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, by $16.3 million. As a percent of
net sales, the cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, increased to 36.6% from 36.2%, which had a $1.9 million unfavorable impact on profitability due to product mix as we sold more product carrying higher cost
in the current period. Publishing rights and pre-publication amortization decreased by $3.0 million from the same period last year due primarily to our use of accelerated amortization methods.  
 Our Education segment selling and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $7.8 million, or 4.9%, from
$158.9 million for the same period in 2015 to $151.1 million. The decrease was primarily due to less commission expense attributed to lower sales performance, partially offset by higher labor costs.  
 Our Education segment Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 declined $24.1 million, or 12.1%, from $198.3 million
for the same period in 2015 to $174.2 million in 2016. Our Education segment Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation, amortization and purchase accounting adjustments. The purchase accounting adjustments primarily relate to the acquisition of the
EdTech business. The decline is due to the identified factors impacting net sales, cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses after removing those items not included in Education segment Adjusted EBITDA. Education segment Adjusted EBITDA
as a percentage of net sales was 35.8% and 37.3% for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Trade Publishing       
   NM = not meaningful  
 Our Trade Publishing segment net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.6 million, or 5.9%, from $43.3 million
for the same period in 2015 to $45.8 million. The increase in net sales was driven by strong net sales of current year and prior year frontlist titles such as  The Whole 30 ,  Little Blue Truck Halloween ,  Steve Young s QB  and
 How to Bake Everything . Partially offsetting the increase was a decline in net sales of eBooks attributed to fewer movie tie-ins of bestselling eBook titles coupled with lower eBook subscription revenue.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.2 million, 0.7%, from $30.4 million for
the same period in 2015 to $30.2 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower amortization expense of publishing rights due to our use of accelerated amortization methods. As a percent of net sales, our cost of sales, excluding publishing rights
and pre-publication amortization, decreased from 64.3% to 61.0%, favorably impacting profitability by $1.5 million which was offset by $1.6 million due to higher volume.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment selling and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.4 million, or
3.3%, from $11.9 million for the same period in 2015 to $11.5 million. The decrease was primarily related to lower advertising and promotion expense partially offset by higher rent expense associated with a new office.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.7 million from $3.8 million for
the same period in 2015 to $6.5 million. Our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization costs. Our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales was 14.1% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, which was a favorable change from 8.8% for the same period in 2015 due to the identified factors impacting net sales, cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses after removing those items not included in Trade
Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate and Other       
   NM = not meaningful  
 The Corporate and Other category represents certain general overhead costs not fully allocated to the business segments such as legal,
accounting, treasury, human resources, technology and executive functions.    Our selling and administrative expense for the Corporate and
Other category for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.6 million, or 7.7%, from $21.0 million for the same period in 2015 to $22.7 million. The increase was primarily due $2.6 million of higher depreciation as a result of our
increased investment in business systems, technology platforms and infrastructure, partially offset by lower transaction expenses due to the prior year equity and acquisition activity.  
 Our interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.7 million from $10.2 million for the same period in 2015 to
$9.5 million in 2016, primarily due to a lower outstanding balance on the Term Loan Facility.    Our change in fair value of derivative
instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 favorably changed by $0.3 million from a slight loss in 2015 to a gain of $0.3 million in 2016. The change in fair value of derivative instruments was related to favorable foreign exchange
forward and option contracts executed on the Euro that were favorably impacted by the weaker U.S. dollar against the Euro during the quarter as compared to the same period last year.  
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 changed $23.8 million, from a benefit of $39.6 million for the same period in
2015, to a benefit of $15.9 million in 2016. For 2016, our annual effective tax rate, exclusive of discrete items used to calculate the tax provision, is expected to be approximately (15.7)% which is primarily attributed to the movement in the
deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles, and state and foreign taxes. For 2015, the effective tax  
      30  

Table of Contents  

rate was estimated to be (5.4)% due to similar items impacting the tax rate. The increase in the rate in 2016 from 2015 is due to the higher deferred tax liability associated with tax
amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles. For both periods, the income tax expense was impacted by certain discrete tax items including the accrual of potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions.  
 Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category for the three months ended September 30, 2016, unfavorably changed $1.8 million, or
17.1%, from a loss of $10.5 million for the same period in 2015 to a loss of $12.3 million. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category excludes interest, taxes, depreciation, derivative instruments charges, equity compensation charges,
acquisition-related activity, restructuring costs, severance and facility vacant space costs, debt extinguishment losses and legal settlement charges. The unfavorable change in our Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category was due to
the factors described above after removing those items not included in Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category.      Results of
Operations Comparing Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       Education   
   
   NM = not meaningful  
 Our Education segment net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $11.3 million, or 1.1%, from $1,003.6 million for the
same period in 2015 to $1,014.9 million. The net sales increase was driven by the $45.0 million incremental contribution from the EdTech business we acquired in May 2015. Further, there was an $18.0 million increase in net sales of the
international business due primarily to Department of Defense sales, and to a lesser extent, greater sales in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Partially offsetting this increase was a decline in the company s legacy domestic education
business net sales of $51.0 million due to a smaller new adoption market in 2016 versus 2015, lower market share, and $15.0 million of lower net sales from the assessment business, primarily clinical, due to the natural attrition of sales over time
following the initial release of a new product version.    Our Education segment cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
decreased $7.7 million, or 1.4%, from $548.8 million for the same period in 2015 to $541.1 million. Our cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, decreased $0.6 million from $408.2 million in 2015 to
$407.7 million in 2016. As a percent of net sales, the cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, decreased to 40.2% from 40.7%, which had a $5.2 favorable impact on profitability due to product mix, as we sold more
product carrying a lower cost in the period. Higher volume increased the cost of sales, excluding publishing rights and pre-publication amortization, by $4.6 million. This decrease was offset by a $6.8 increase in pre-publication amortization which
was due to greater pre-publication cost spend in the current year.    Our Education segment selling and administrative expense for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 increased $22.4 million, or 5.6%, from $396.6 million for the same period in 2015 to $418.9 million. The increase was due to higher fixed and discretionary expenses attributed to the EdTech business offset by lower
commission expenses of $12.1 million attributed to lower sales performance.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  Our Education segment Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased
$12.0 million, or 4.8%, from $247.4 million for the same period in 2015 to $235.4 million. Our Education segment Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation, amortization and purchase accounting adjustments. The purchase accounting adjustments
primarily relate to the acquisition of the EdTech business. The unfavorable change is due to the identified factors impacting net sales, cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses after removing those items not included in Education
segment Adjusted EBITDA. Education Segment Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales decreased to 23.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 24.7% for the same period in 2015 primarily due to the factors identified in Education
segment Adjusted EBITDA.     Trade Publishing       
   NM = not meaningful  
 Our Trade Publishing segment net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.5 million, or 1.3%, from $114.5 million
for the same period in 2015 to $116.0 million. The increase was due to strong net sales of frontlist titles such as  The Whole 30 ,  The Immortal Irishman , Property Brothers  Dream Home, Little Blue Truck Halloween  and  Food
Freedom Forever . Partially offsetting the increase were lower net sales of eBooks attributed to fewer movie tie-ins of bestselling eBook titles coupled with lower eBook subscription revenue.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.5 million, 0.6%, from $84.8 million
for the same period in 2015 to $84.3 million. The decrease is due to lower amortization expense of publishing rights due to our use of accelerated amortization methods, partially offset by higher net sales volume. Cost of sales, excluding publishing
rights and pre-publication amortization decreased as a percent of net sales, from 67.2% in 2015 to 66.8% in 2016. The slight decrease is attributed to the mix of products.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment selling and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.6 million, or
1.8%, from $35.2 million for the same period in 2015 to $35.9 million. The increase was primarily related to higher advertising and promotion expense and salary-related costs.  
 Our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.1 million from $3.0 million for
the same period in 2015. Our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization costs. As a percentage of net sales, our Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA remained consistent at 2.7% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, due to the identified factors impacting net sales, cost of sales and selling and administrative expenses after removing those items not included in Trade Publishing segment Adjusted EBITDA.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate and Other       
   NM = not meaningful  
 The Corporate and Other category represents certain general overhead costs not fully allocated to the business segments such as legal,
accounting, treasury, human resources, technology and executive functions.    Our selling and administrative expense for the Corporate and
Other category for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $9.9 million, or 13.4%, from $73.7 million for the same period in 2015 to $83.6 million. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $6.5 million of higher depreciation as a
result of our increased investment in business systems, technology platforms and infrastructure. Additionally, an increase in legal settlements and integration expenses was offset by lower transaction expenses due to the prior year equity and
acquisition activity along with prior integration activities.    Our Severance and other charges for the Corporate and Other category for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $5.3 million from $3.6 million for the same period in 2015 to $8.9 million in 2016, attributed to changes in executive management as well as cost reduction activities in the current year.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Our interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $5.9 million from
$22.3 million for the same period in 2015 to $28.2 million in 2016, primarily as a result of the increase to our outstanding term loan credit facility from $243.1 million to $800.0 million, all of which was drawn at closing of the EdTech acquisition
in May 2015.    Our change in fair value of derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 favorably changed by $2.3
million from an expense of $1.9 million in 2015 to a benefit of $0.4 million in 2016. The gain on change in fair value of derivative instruments was related to favorable foreign exchange forward and option contracts executed on the Euro that were
favorably impacted by the weaker U.S. dollar against the Euro during the quarter as compared to the same period last year.    Income tax
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $45.8 million, from a benefit of $30.1 million for the same period in 2015, to an expense of $15.7 million in 2016. For 2016, our annual effective tax rate, exclusive of discrete items
used to calculate the tax provision, is expected to be approximately (15.7)% which is primarily attributed to the movement in the deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived intangibles, and state and foreign taxes.
For 2015, the effective tax rate was estimated to be (5.4)% due to similar items impacting the tax rate. The increase in the rate in 2016 from 2015 is due to the higher deferred tax liability associated with tax amortization on indefinite-lived
intangibles partially resulting from the acquisition of the EdTech business. For both periods, the income tax expense was impacted by certain discrete tax items including the accrual of potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions.
   Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, unfavorably changed $4.9 million, or
15.7%, from a loss of $31.1 million for the same period in 2015 to a loss of $36.0 million. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category excludes interest, taxes, depreciation, derivative instruments charges, equity compensation charges,
acquisition-related activity, restructuring/integration costs, severance and facility vacant space costs, debt extinguishment losses and legal settlement charges. The unfavorable change in our Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other
category was due to the factors described above after removing those items not included in Adjusted EBITDA for the Corporate and Other category.  
  Seasonality and Comparability     Our net
sales, operating profit or loss and net cash provided by or used in operations are impacted by the inherent seasonality of the academic calendar. Consequently, the performance of our businesses may not be comparable quarter to consecutive quarter
and should be considered on the basis of results for the whole year or by comparing results in a quarter with results in the same quarter for the previous year.  
 Approximately 88% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2015 were derived from our Education segment, which is a markedly
seasonal business. Schools conduct the majority of their purchases in the second and third quarters of the calendar year in preparation for the beginning of the school year. Thus, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
approximately 68% of our consolidated net sales were realized in the second and third quarters. Sales of K-12 instructional materials and customized testing products are also cyclical, with some years offering more sales opportunities than others.
The amount of funding available at the state level for educational materials also has a significant effect on year-to-year net sales. Although the loss of a single customer would not have a material adverse effect on our business, schedules of
school adoptions and market acceptance of our products can materially affect year-to-year net sales performance.     Liquidity and Capital Resources

34  

Table of Contents  

    Operating activities    
 Net cash provided by operating activities was $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $153.9 million decrease from the
$163.4 million provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities from 2015 to 2016 was primarily driven by less profitable operations, net of non-cash items, of
$104.2 million along with unfavorable net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $49.7 million. The unfavorable net changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to lower net deferrals of $77.8 million attributed to greater
recognition of revenue attributed to product mix when compared to the prior year period, unfavorable changes in accounts payable of $35.5 million due to timing of payments related to the increase in capital spend, unfavorable changes in royalties of
$19.6 million due to volume and timing of payments, and unfavorable changes in inventory of $10.3 million. These unfavorable changes were partially offset by favorable changes primarily due to a reversal of a $74.3 million accrual related to
uncertain tax positions as the statutory period expired in the prior period, favorable changes in accounts receivable of $9.3 million and net favorable changes in other assets and liabilities of $9.9 million due to timing of disbursements.  
   Investing activities      Net cash
used in investing activities was $54.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an decrease of $511.7 million from the $566.6 million used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in
investing activities was primarily due to the acquisition of the EdTech business in May 2015, partially offset by lower net proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments of $8.9 million compared to 2015. Further, capital
investing expenditures related to pre-publication costs and property, plant and equipment increased by $56.5 million, due to capital spend pertaining to the EdTech business, which we acquired in May 2015, and increased spend on leasehold
improvements related to various office moves, technology infrastructure and timing of spend.      Financing activities    
 Net cash used in financing activities was $38.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $362.4 million from the
$323.7 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to the prior period benefiting from net proceeds of $796.0 million
from our Term Loan Facility partially offset by an increase in principal payments on our previously existing term loan of $243.1 million in connection with the acquisition of the EdTech business in May 2015. Further, we incurred $15.3 million
in the prior period for deferred financing fees related to the closing of the Term Loan Facility and the amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility. In 2016, we made $6.0 million of principal payments under our Term Loan
Facility. Offsetting the aforementioned, our share repurchases under our share repurchase program for our common stock were $184.4 million less during 2016 compared to the prior period. Also, we received $6.6 million of less proceeds during
2016 related to stock option exercises partially offset by proceeds received of $2.2 million related to our employee stock purchase program.      Debt
     Under both our Revolving Credit Facility and term loan facility, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishers Inc., HMH Publishers LLC and
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company are the borrowers (collectively, the  Borrowers ), and Citibank, N.A. acts as both the administrative agent and the collateral agent.  
 The obligations under these senior secured facilities are guaranteed by the Company and each of its direct and indirect for-profit domestic
subsidiaries (other than the Borrowers) (collectively, the  Guarantors ) and are secured by all capital stock and other equity interests of the Borrowers and the Guarantors and substantially all of the other tangible and intangible assets
of the Borrowers and the Guarantors, including, without limitation, receivables, inventory, equipment, contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other intellectual property, cash, bank accounts and securities accounts and owned real estate.
The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by first priority liens on receivables, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts, instruments, chattel paper and other assets related to the foregoing (the  Revolving First Lien
Collateral ), and second priority liens on the collateral which secures the term loan facility on a first priority basis. The term loan facility is secured by first priority liens on the capital stock and other equity interests of the Borrower
and the Guarantors, equipment, owned real estate, trademarks and other intellectual property, general intangibles that are not Revolving First Lien Collateral and other assets related to the foregoing, and second priority liens on the Revolving
First Lien Collateral.     Term Loan Facility   
 In connection with our closing of the EdTech acquisition, we entered into an amended and restated term loan credit facility (the  Term
Loan Facility ) dated as of May 29, 2015 to, among other things, increase our outstanding term loan credit facility from $250.0 million, of which $178.9 million was outstanding, to $800.0 million, all of which was drawn at closing. As of
September 30, 2016, we had approximately $790.0 million ($773.9 million, net of discount and issuance costs) outstanding under the Term Loan Facility.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The Term Loan Facility has a six-year term and matures on May 29, 2021. The interest rate
applicable to borrowings under the facility is based, at our election, on LIBOR plus 3.0% or an alternative base rate plus applicable margins. LIBOR is subject to a floor of 1.0%, with the length of the LIBOR contracts ranging up to six months at
the option of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate of the Term Loan Facility was 4.0%.    The Term Loan Facility
may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium. The Term Loan Facility is required to be repaid in quarterly installments equal to 0.25%, or $2.0 million, of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Loan Facility
immediately prior to the first quarterly payment date.    The Term Loan Facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants.
   The Term Loan Facility is subject to usual and customary conditions, representations, warranties and covenants, including restrictions on
additional indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, asset dispositions, dividends to stockholders, repurchase or redemption of our stock, transactions with affiliates and other matters. The Term Loan Facility is subject to customary
events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the administrative agent may, or at the request of certain required lenders shall, accelerate the obligations outstanding under the Term Loan Facility.  
 We are subject to excess cash flow provisions under the Term Loan Facility that are predicated upon our leverage ratio and cash flow. The
excess cash flow provision under the Term Loan Facility did not apply in 2015. In accordance with the excess cash flow provisions of our previous term loan facility, we made a $63.6 million principal payment on March 5, 2015.  
  Revolving Credit Facility     On
July 22, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) to, among other things, reduce the pricing, extend the maturity, conform certain terms to those of our Term Loan
Facility and to provide greater availability and operational flexibility. The Revolving Credit Facility provides borrowing availability in an amount equal to the lesser of $250.0 million and a borrowing base that is computed monthly or weekly
as the case may be and comprised of the Borrowers  and certain Guarantors  eligible inventory and receivables.    The Revolving
Credit Facility includes a letter of credit subfacility of $50.0 million, a swingline subfacility of $20.0 million and the option to expand the facility by up to $100.0 million in the aggregate under certain specified conditions. The amount of
any outstanding letters of credit reduces borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility on a dollar-for-dollar basis. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $31.7 million of outstanding letters of credit and approximately $200.8
million of borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. No loans have been drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility as of October 31, 2016.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility has a five year term and matures on July 22, 2020. The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the
facility is based, at our election, on LIBOR plus 1.75% or an alternative base rate plus 0.75%; such applicable margins may increase up to 2.25% and 1.25%, respectively, based on average daily availability. The Revolving Credit Facility may be
prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium.    The Revolving Credit Facility requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 on a trailing four-quarter basis for periods in which excess availability under the facility is less than the greater of $25.0 million and 12.5% of the lesser of the total commitment and the borrowing base then in
effect, or less than $20.0 million if certain conditions are met. The minimum fixed charge coverage ratio was not applicable under the facility as of September 30, 2016, due to our level of borrowing availability.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to usual and customary conditions, representations, warranties and covenants, including restrictions
on additional indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, asset dispositions, dividends to stockholders, repurchase or redemption of our stock, transactions with affiliates and other matters. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to
customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the administrative agent may, or at the request of certain required lenders shall, accelerate the obligations outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
  General     We had $150.1 million of cash
and cash equivalents and $66.4 million of short-term investments at September 30, 2016. We had $234.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and $198.1 million of short-term investments at December 31, 2015.  
 We expect our net cash provided by operations combined with our cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility
to provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, capital spending, debt service requirements and working capital requirements over at least the next twelve months.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our financial results are affected by the selection and application of critical accounting policies and methods. There were no material changes
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the application of critical accounting policies and estimates as described in our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices   
 Although inflation is currently well below levels in prior years and has, therefore, benefited recent results, particularly in the area of
manufacturing costs, there are offsetting costs. Our ability to adjust selling prices has always been limited by competitive factors and long-term contractual arrangements which either prohibit price increases or limit the amount by which prices may
be increased. Further, a weak domestic economy at a time of low inflation could cause lower tax receipts at the state and local level, and the funding and buying patterns for textbooks and other educational materials could be adversely affected.
Prices for paper moderated during the last three years.    The most significant assets affected by inflation include pre-publication, other
property, plant and equipment and inventories. We use the weighted average cost method to value substantially all inventory. We have negotiated favorable pricing through contractual agreements with our two top print and sourcing vendors, and from
our other major vendors, which has helped to stabilize our unit costs, and therefore our cost of inventories sold. Our business requires a high level of investment in pre-publication for our educational content, and in other property, plant and
equipment. We expect to continue to commit funds to these areas. We believe that by continuing to emphasize cost controls, technological improvements and quality control, we can continue to moderate the impact of inflation on our operating results
and financial position.     Covenant Compliance   
 As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants.  
 We are currently required to meet certain incurrence-based financial covenants as defined under our Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit
Facility. We have incurrence-based financial covenants primarily pertaining to a maximum leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio, and liquidity. A breach of any of these covenants, ratios, tests or restrictions, as applicable, for which a waiver
is not obtained could result in an event of default, in which case our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and result in a cross-default under other arrangements containing such provisions. A
default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity for the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt owed to these lenders and to terminate any commitments of these lenders to lend to us. If the lenders
accelerate the payment of the indebtedness, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full the indebtedness and any other indebtedness that would become due as a result of any acceleration. Further, in such an event, the lenders would not be
required to make further loans to us, and assuming similar facilities were not established and we are unable to obtain replacement financing, it would materially affect our liquidity and results of operations.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We have
no off-balance sheet arrangements.     Stock Repurchase Program   
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion in aggregate value of the Company s common stock. The
aggregate share repurchase program may be executed through December 31, 2018. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time in the open market (including under a trading plan) or in privately negotiated transactions. The
extent and timing of any such repurchases would generally be at our discretion and subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other considerations. Any repurchased shares may be used for general corporate purposes.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s share repurchase activity was as follows:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $482.0 million available for share repurchases under this
authorization.     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 See Note 3 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk     We are exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could affect operating results,
financial position and cash flows. We manage exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. These derivative financial instruments are
utilized to hedge economic exposures as well as reduce our earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates. As permitted, we may designate certain of these derivative contracts for hedge accounting treatment in accordance
with authoritative guidance regarding accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. However, certain of these instruments may not qualify for, or we may choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment and, accordingly, the results of
our operations may be exposed to some level of volatility. Volatility in our results of operations will vary with the type and amount of derivative hedges outstanding, as well as fluctuations in the currency and interest rate market during the
period. Periodically, we may enter into derivative contracts, including interest rate swap agreements and interest rate caps and collars to manage interest rate exposures, and foreign currency spot, forward, swap and option contracts to manage
foreign currency exposures. The fair market values of all of these derivative contracts change with fluctuations in interest rates and/or currency rates and are designed so that any changes in their values are offset by changes in the values of the
underlying exposures. Derivative financial instruments are held solely as risk management tools and not for trading or speculative purposes.  
 By their nature, all derivative instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of market and credit risk not recognized in our financial
statements. The market risk associated with these instruments resulting from currency exchange and interest rate movements is expected to offset the market risk of the underlying transactions, assets and liabilities being hedged. Our policy is to
deal with counterparties having a single A or better credit rating at the time of the execution. We manage our exposure to counterparty risk of derivative instruments by entering into contracts with a diversified group of major financial
institutions and by actively monitoring outstanding positions.    We continue to review liquidity sufficiency by performing various stress
test scenarios, such as cash flow forecasting which considers hypothetical interest rate movements. Furthermore, we continue to closely monitor current events and the financial institutions that support our credit facility, including monitoring
their credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity.    As of September 30, 2016, we had
$790.0 million ($773.9 million, net of discount and issuance costs) of aggregate principal amount indebtedness outstanding under our term loan facility that bears interest at a variable rate. An increase or decrease of 1% in the interest rate will
change our interest expense by approximately $8.0 million on an annual basis. We also have up to $250.0 million of borrowing availability, subject to borrowing base availability, under our Revolving Credit Facility, and borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate. We had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2016. Assuming that the Revolving Credit Facility is fully drawn, an increase or decrease of 1% in the
interest rate will change our interest expense associated with the Revolving Credit Facility by $2.5 million on an annual basis.    Our
interest rate risk relates primarily to U.S. dollar borrowings partially offset by U.S. dollar cash investments. We have historically used interest rate derivative instruments to manage our earnings and cash flow exposure to changes in interest
rates. On August 17, 2015, we entered into interest rate derivative contracts with various financial institutions having an aggregate notional amount of $400.0 million to convert floating rate debt into fixed rate debt, which we designated as
cash flow hedges, and for which we had $400.0 million outstanding as of September 30, 2016. These contracts are effective beginning September 30, 2016 and mature on July 22, 2020.  
 We conduct various digital development activities in Ireland, and as such, our cash flows and costs are subject to fluctuations from changes
in foreign currency exchange rates. We manage our exposures to this market risk through the use of short-term foreign exchange forward and option contracts, when deemed appropriate, which were not significant as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. We do not enter into derivative transactions or use other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms and that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, our CEO
and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.    During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    Part II. Other Information   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 We are involved in ordinary and routine litigation and matters incidental to our business. Specifically, there have been various settled, pending and
threatened litigation that allege we exceeded the print run limitation or other restrictions in licenses granted to us to reproduce photographs in our instructional materials. During the second quarter of 2016, we settled all such pending or
actively threatened litigations alleging infringement of copyrights, and will make total settlement payments of $10.0 million collectively, with $4.0 million paid during the third quarter of 2016 and $6.0 million to be paid during the
first quarter of 2017.       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes since the beginning of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the risk factors previously disclosed
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. For more information regarding the risks regarding our business and industry, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The following table contains the Company s purchases of equity securities in the third quarter of 2016 (in thousands, except share and
per share information):      
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

* 
 On November 3, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $100.0 million in aggregate value of the Company s common stock. Effective April 23, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized
an additional $100.0 million under our existing share repurchase program and on May 6, 2015, authorized an incremental $300.0 million and further, on November 3, 2015, authorized an additional $500.0 million under our existing share
repurchase program, bringing the total authorization to $1.0 billion. The aggregate share repurchase program may be executed through December 31, 2018.    
 Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time in open market, including under a trading plan or privately negotiated
transactions. The extent and timing of any such repurchases would generally be at our discretion and subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other considerations. Any repurchased shares may be used for general corporate
purposes.       Item 5. Other Information   
 None.       Item 6.
Exhibits       

Identifies a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section. Furthermore, this
certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
   
      41  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company 
 (Registrant)   

November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ L. Gordon Crovitz   

L. Gordon Crovitz  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company 
 (Registrant)   

November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.   

Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)   
     
      42  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d263288dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1       

William F. Bayers    Executive Vice
President,   Secretary   General Counsel   
   September 22, 2016    L. Gordon
Crovitz    Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company    222 Berkeley
Street    Boston, MA 02116    Re:
 Confirmation of Compensation Arrangement     Dear Gordon:  
 This letter (the  Letter Agreement ) will confirm our mutual understanding regarding the compensation to be payable to you in your capacity as
interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (the   Company  ), effective as of September 22, 2016:      

an equity award under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) with respect to the number of shares of the Company s common stock having a value (based on the
closing price on the date of grant) of $935,000, which RSUs shall (a) have an effective date of grant on the business day that is three business days following the date on which the Company first releases quarterly earnings information following
both the date of your appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the approval of the award and (b) vest on the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of the date of your appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and (y) the date on which you cease to be President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the appointment of a successor President and Chief Executive Officer, and otherwise shall generally be in accordance
with the Company s customary form of time-based vesting RSU award agreement for senior executives;        

a cash bonus in an amount equal to 125% of your annualized base salary, prorated based on your actual time serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, to be paid the earlier of (x) the date on which
annual bonuses for the 2016 fiscal year are paid to executive officers of the Company and (y) the date on which you cease to be President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the appointment of a successor President and
Chief Executive Officer; and            
 222 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116, T 617.351.5125, F 617.351.1125, Email bill.bayers@hmhco.com  

reimbursement of reasonable lodging and travel expenses, and reasonable attorneys  fees incurred in connection with your appointment.    
 During the period of your service as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, you will not receive any separate compensation as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company.    No amendment or waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Letter Agreement shall be effective unless in
writing and executed by you and a duly authorized representative of the Company. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Letter Agreement and the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan or any award agreement granted thereunder, the
provisions of this Letter Agreement shall control and be binding.       

HOUGHTON MIFFLIN HARCOURT COMPANY  

By: 
   
   /s/ William F. Bayers   
 
 Name: 
   
 William F. Bayers  
 
 Title: 
   
 EVP   General Counsel  

Agreed and Accepted:  

/s/ L. Gordon Crovitz   
 
 L. Gordon Crovitz  

2  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d263288dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, L. Gordon Crovitz,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 3, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ L. Gordon Crovitz   

L. Gordon Crovitz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d263288dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 3, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.   

Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d263288dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company s (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, L. Gordon Crovitz, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 Date: November 3, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ L. Gordon Crovitz   

L. Gordon Crovitz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d263288dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company s (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joseph P. Abbott, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 Date: November 3, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.   

Joseph P. Abbott, Jr.  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 hmhc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hmhc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hmhc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hmhc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hmhc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hmhc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

