<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_706688_0000706688-16-000334_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5558618</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120792</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>341490</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1808490</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2302585</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>873267</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000706688-16-000334.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102164903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000706688-16-000334
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AARON'S INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000706688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				580687630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13941
		FILM NUMBER:		161968672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 GALLERIA PARKWAY SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-402-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 GALLERIA PARKWAY SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AARON RENTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000706688-16-000334.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 a10q3q2016.htm
 10-Q 3Q2016

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
   ________________________________ 
     FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________________ 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  OR 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                          TO                        
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-13941 
   ________________________________ 
     AARON S, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   _________________________________ 

(678) 402-3000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  Not Applicable 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   ___________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether registrant (l) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of l934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                             Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 
      
    o 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
      
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller Reporting Company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange                      Act).   Yes    o   No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

1 

AARON S, INC. 
  INDEX 
    
                  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Unaudited)   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    34 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    35 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    36 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    36 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    36 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    36 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
    36 

Item 5. Other Information 
    36 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    37 

Signatures  
    38 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
           ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  AARON S, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
  
   3 

AARON S, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
  
   4 

AARON S, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 

5 

AARON S, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
  
   6 

AARON S, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
           NOTE 1. 
    BASIS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
     Description of Business 
  Aaron s, Inc. (the "Company" or "Aaron s") is a leader in the sales and lease ownership and specialty retailing of furniture, consumer electronics, computers, and home appliances and accessories throughout the United States and Canada. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's major operating divisions are the Aaron s Sales   Lease Ownership division, Progressive, DAMI and Woodhaven Furniture Industries, which manufactures and supplies the majority of the upholstered furniture and bedding leased and sold in Company-operated and franchised stores. On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold its   82   remaining Company-operated HomeSmart stores and ceased operations of that division. See Note 2 for further discussion of the disposition. 
  Progressive is a leading virtual lease-to-own company that provides lease-purchase solutions in   46   states. It does so by purchasing merchandise from third-party retailers desired by those retailers  customers and, in turn, leasing that merchandise to the customers on a lease-to-own basis. Progressive consequently has no stores of its own, but rather offers lease-purchase solutions to the customers of traditional retailers. DAMI, which was acquired by Progressive on October 15, 2015, partners with merchants to provide a variety of revolving credit products originated through a third party federally insured bank to customers that may not qualify for traditional prime lending (called "second-look" financing programs).  
  The following table presents store count by ownership type for the Company's store-based operations: 

The following table presents active doors for Progressive: 

1    An active door is a retail store location at which at least   one   virtual lease-to-own transaction has been completed during the trailing three month period. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Generally, actual experience has been consistent with management s prior estimates and assumptions. Management does not believe these estimates or assumptions will change significantly in the future absent unidentified and unforeseen events. 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all information required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the "  2015   Annual Report"). The results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the full year. 
  
   7 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Principles of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Aaron s, Inc. and its subsidiaries, each of which is wholly owned. Intercompany balances and transactions between consolidated entities have been eliminated. 
  Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report. 
  Earnings Per Share 
  Earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The computation of earnings per share assuming dilution includes the dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units (collectively, "share-based awards") as determined under the treasury stock method. The following table shows the calculation of dilutive share-based awards for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were approximately   1,193,000   and   1,102,000   weighted-average share-based awards, respectively, excluded from the computation for earnings per share assuming dilution because the awards would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented. 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were approximately   281,000   and   431,000   weighted-average share-based awards, respectively, excluded from the computation for earnings per share assuming dilution because the awards would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented. 
  Investments 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , investments classified as held-to-maturity securities consisted of British pound-denominated notes issued by Perfect Home Holdings Limited ("Perfect Home"). Perfect Home is based in the U.K. and operates   57   retail stores as of   September 30, 2016  . The Perfect Home notes, which totaled    16.1 million   (  $20.9 million  ) and    15.1 million   (  $22.2 million  )     at   September 30, 2016     and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, are classified as held-to-maturity securities because the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the investments to maturity. The Perfect Home notes are carried at amortized cost in investments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company amended the terms of the Perfect Home notes, which extended the maturity date from June 30, 2016 to June 30, 2017, increased the interest rate from   10%   to   12%   and provided the Company with a subordinated security interest in the assets of Perfect Home. 
  The Company does not intend to sell the aforementioned held-to-maturity securities and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The Company has estimated that the carrying amount of its Perfect Home notes approximates fair value and, therefore, no impairment is considered to have occurred as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Accounts Receivable 
  Accounts receivable consist primarily of receivables due from customers of Company-operated stores and Progressive, corporate receivables incurred during the normal course of business (primarily for in-transit credit card transactions and vendor consideration) and franchisee obligations.  
  
   8 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances, consist of the following:    

The following table shows the components of the accounts receivable provision for the   nine months   ended   September 30  : 

Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report for information on the Company's accounting policy for the accounts receivable provision.  
  Lease Merchandise 
  All lease merchandise is available for lease or sale. On a monthly basis, all damaged, lost or unsalable merchandise identified is written off. The Company records lease merchandise adjustments on the allowance method, which estimates the merchandise losses incurred but not yet identified by management as of the end of the accounting period based on historical write-off experience. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the allowance for lease merchandise write-offs was   $31.9 million   and   $33.4 million  , respectively. 
  Lease merchandise adjustments was   $36.6 million   and   $38.8 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $98.6 million   and   $98.3 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Lease merchandise adjustments are included in operating expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
  Loans Receivable, Net 
  Loans receivable, net represents the principal balances of credit card charges at DAMI's participating merchants that remain outstanding to cardholders, plus unpaid interest and fees due from cardholders, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts and unamortized fees (which include merchant fees, net of capitalized origination costs, promotional fees and deferred annual card fees). 
  The Company acquired outstanding credit card loans in the October 15, 2015 DAMI acquisition (the "Acquired Loans"). Loans acquired in a business acquisition are recorded at their fair value at the acquisition date. The projected net cash flows from expected payments of principal, interest, fees and servicing costs and anticipated charge-offs are included in the determination of fair value; therefore, an allowance for loan losses and an amount for unamortized fees are not recognized for the Acquired Loans. The difference, or discount, between the expected cash flows to be received and the fair value of the Acquired Loans is accreted to revenue based on the effective interest method. At each period end, the Company evaluates the appropriateness of the accretable discount on the Acquired Loans based on actual and revised projected future cash receipts. 
  Assets Held for Sale 
  Certain properties, consisting of parcels of land and commercial buildings, met the held for sale classification criteria as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less estimated cost to sell and are classified within prepaid expenses and other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amount of the properties held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is   $9.3 million     and   $7.0 million  , respectively.  
  On   January 29, 2016  , the Company sold its corporate headquarters building for cash of   $13.6 million  , resulting in a gain of   $11.1 million  , which was recorded to   other operating expense (income), net   in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
  
   9 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

There were no reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Fair Value Measurement 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures, the following hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation methodologies used to measure fair value: 
  Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. 
  Level 2 Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3 Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting the Company's own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment. 
  The Company measures assets held for sale at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and records impairment charges when they are deemed to be impaired. The Company maintains certain financial assets and liabilities, including investments and fixed-rate long-term debt, that are not measured at fair value but for which fair value is disclosed. 
  The fair values of the Company s other current financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximate their carrying values due to their short-term nature. The fair value for the loans receivable, net of allowances, and the revolving credit borrowings also approximate their carrying amounts. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Adopted 
  Debt Issuance Costs  . In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a deduction from the corresponding debt liability rather than as a separate asset. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this ASU retrospectively in the first quarter of 2016 and as a result debt issuance costs of   $3.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  , previously recognized as an asset in prepaid expenses and other assets, are now classified as a direct deduction from debt in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of that date. 
  Measurement-Period Adjustments  . In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for a measurement-period adjustment retrospectively. Instead, acquirers must recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the adjustment amounts. The adjustment amounts must include the effect on earnings of any amounts the acquirer would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2015-16 is applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date. That is, ASU 2015-16 applies to open measurement periods, regardless of the acquisition date. The Company adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 and applied it to the measurement period adjustments related to the DAMI acquisition. See Note 2 for more information. 
  
   10 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Pending adoption 
  Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 replaces substantially all existing revenue recognition guidance with a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers at the amount to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09, and, as a result of a subsequent update, it will be effective in annual reporting periods, and interim periods within that period, beginning after December 15, 2017. In 2016, the FASB issued additional updates to the revenue recognition guidance in ASU 2014-09 related to principal versus agent assessments, identifying performance obligations, the accounting for licenses, and certain narrow scope improvements and practical expedients. The Company is evaluating the potential effects of adopting ASU 2014-09 and any related updates on its consolidated financial statements.  
  Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which would require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases and would change certain aspects of today s lessor accounting, among other things. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Companies must use a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2016-02. The Company has not yet determined the potential effects of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Share-Based Payments.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The objective of the update is to simplify the accounting for employee share-based awards by, among other things, requiring companies to recognize the income tax effects of awards in earnings when they vest or are settled, providing companies with an option to recognize forfeitures in earnings as they occur, and clarifying certain guidance on classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification of tax payment activity on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard will be material to its consolidated financial statements. 
  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses  . In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   The main objective of the update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by companies at each reporting date. For trade and other receivables, held to maturity debt securities and other instruments, companies will be required to use a new forward-looking "expected losses" model that generally will result in the recognition of allowances for losses earlier than under current accounting guidance. The standard will be adopted on a prospective basis with a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company has not yet determined the potential effects of adopting ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   11 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net cash payments related to the acquisitions of businesses, including contracts, were   $9.7 million   and   $16.8 million  , respectively. The effect of these acquisitions on the condensed consolidated financial statements for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was not significant.  
  DAMI Acquisition 
  On   October 15, 2015  , the Company acquired a   100%   ownership interest in DAMI for a total purchase price of   $54.9 million  , inclusive of cash acquired of   $4.2 million  . The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, as well as adjustments made during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (referred to as the "measurement period adjustments"). The final measurement period adjustments did not have a significant effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1    As previously reported in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   2    The measurement period adjustments primarily relate to the resolution of certain income tax-related matters and contingencies       that existed as of the acquisition date. 
   3    Contractually required amounts due at the acquisition date were   $94.2 million  . 
  HomeSmart Disposition 
  On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold its   82   remaining Company-operated HomeSmart stores and ceased operations of that division. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized a loss of   $4.2 million     on the disposition which is recorded in   other operating expense (income), net   in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. The sale does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and therefore the HomeSmart segment has not been classified as discontinued operations. The Company recorded additional charges of   $1.4 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to the write-down to fair value, less estimated selling costs, of certain HomeSmart assets classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   12 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3. 
    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 
     Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The following table summarizes financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:    

The Company maintains the Aaron s, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, which is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan for a select group of management, highly compensated employees and non-employee directors. The liability is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The liability representing benefits accrued for plan participants is valued at the quoted market prices of the participants  investment elections, which consist of equity and debt "mirror" funds. As such, the Company has classified the deferred compensation liability as a Level 2 liability.  
  Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  The following table summarizes non-financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis:    

Assets classified as held for sale are recorded at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell, and any adjustment is recorded in   other operating expense (income), net   in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings.  
  The highest and best use of the assets held for sale is as real estate land parcels for development or real estate properties for use or lease; however, the Company has chosen not to develop or use these properties. The Company estimated the fair values of real estate properties using the market values for similar properties.  
  Certain Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 
  The following table summarizes the fair value of assets (liabilities) that are not measured at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, but for which the fair value is disclosed:    

1   
    The Perfect Home notes are carried at cost. The Company periodically reviews the carrying amount utilizing company-specific transactions or changes in Perfect Home s financial performance to determine if the notes are impaired. 
               2   
    The fair value of fixed-rate long-term debt is estimated using the present value of underlying cash flows discounted at a current market yield for similar instruments. The carrying amount of fixed-rate long-term debt was   $350.0 million     and   $375.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
     
   13 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. LOANS RECEIVABLE 
  The following is a summary of the Company s loans receivable, net:   

  The following table summarizes the aging of the Company s finance receivables portfolio, including delinquency percentage rates. A cardholder account is measured as past due when a current account s minimum payment due has been outstanding for 30 days or longer. The aging is based on the contractual amounts outstanding for each loan as of period end and does not reflect the fair value of the Acquired Loans. 

NOTE 5. INDEBTEDNESS 
  On June 30, 2016, DAMI, and HC Recovery, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of DAMI, entered into the twelfth amendment (the "Twelfth Amendment") to the 2011 loan and security agreement assumed by the Company in the October 2015 acquisition of DAMI (the "DAMI credit facility"). The Twelfth Amendment amends the DAMI credit facility to, among other things, (i) remove the financial covenant that requires DAMI to maintain a certain EBITDA ratio, (ii) include a financial covenant that requires DAMI to meet certain trailing twelve month and fiscal quarter EBITDA thresholds, (iii) include a minimum tangible net worth requirement for DAMI, and (iv) include a financial covenant that DAMI shall maintain a monthly Cash Collection Percentage (as defined in the DAMI credit facility) of greater than or equal to   5.0%  . The Twelfth Amendment also amends the definition of "Permitted Indebtedness" in the DAMI credit facility to include non-interest bearing debt owed     to the Company and certain of its affiliates under certain circumstances. 
  As amended, borrowings under the DAMI credit facility bear interest at   4.375%   plus one-month LIBOR, provided that the applicable margin will increase by   0.25%   if Monthly Excess Availability (as defined in the DAMI credit facility) is less than   20%  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to its outstanding debt. 
  See further discussion of Company indebtedness in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report. 
   
  NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Guarantees 
  The Company has guaranteed certain debt obligations of some of its franchisees under a franchisee loan program with several banks.     In the event these franchisees are unable to meet their debt service payments or otherwise experience an event of default, the Company would be unconditionally liable for the outstanding balance of the franchisees  debt obligations under the franchisee loan program, which would be due in full within   90 days   of the event of default. At   September 30, 2016  , the maximum amount that the Company would be obligated to repay in the event franchisees defaulted was   $58.8 million  .     The Company has recourse rights to franchisee assets securing the debt obligations, which consist primarily of lease merchandise and fixed assets.     Since the inception of the franchise loan program in 1994, the Company has had no significant associated  
  
   14 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

losses. The Company believes the likelihood of any significant amounts being funded in connection with these commitments to be remote. The carrying amount of the franchisee-related borrowings guarantee, which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, is approximately     $1.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  The maximum facility commitment amount under the franchisee loan program is   $175.0 million  , including a Canadian subfacility commitment amount for loans to franchisees that operate stores in Canada (other than the province of Quebec) of CAD   $50.0 million  . The Company remains subject to the financial covenants under the franchisee loan facility.  
  Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time, the Company is party to various legal and regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.  
  Some of the proceedings to which the Company is currently a party are described below. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to all of the claims described below, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. However, these proceedings are still developing and due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation, regulatory and similar adversarial proceedings, there can be no guarantee that the Company will ultimately be successful in these proceedings, or in others to which it is currently a party. Substantial losses from these proceedings or the costs of defending them could have a material adverse impact upon the Company's business, financial position and results of operations. 
  The Company establishes an accrued liability for legal and regulatory proceedings when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company continually monitors its litigation and regulatory exposure and reviews the adequacy of its legal and regulatory reserves on a quarterly basis. The amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had accrued   $5.2 million   for pending legal and regulatory matters for which it believes losses are probable and is the Company's best estimate of its exposure to loss. The Company records these liabilities in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates that the aggregate range of reasonably possible loss in excess of accrued liabilities for such probable loss contingencies is between   $0   and   $4.0 million  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company estimated that the aggregate range of loss for all material pending legal and regulatory proceedings for which a loss is reasonably possible, but less likely than probable (i.e., excluding the contingencies described in the preceding paragraph), is between   $546,000   and   $2.6 million  . Those matters for which a reasonable estimate is not possible are not included within estimated ranges and, therefore, the estimated ranges do not represent the Company's maximum loss exposure.     The Company s estimates for legal and regulatory accruals, aggregate probable loss amounts and reasonably possible loss amounts are all subject to the uncertainties and variables described above. 
  Consumer 
  In   Margaret Korrow, et al. v. Aaron's, Inc.,   originally filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Middlesex County, Law Division on October 26, 2010, plaintiff filed suit on behalf of herself and others similarly situated alleging that the Company is liable in damages to plaintiff and each class member because the Company's lease agreements issued after March 16, 2006 purportedly violated certain New Jersey state consumer statutes. Plaintiff's complaint seeks treble damages under the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, and statutory penalty damages of   $100   per violation of all contracts issued in New Jersey, and also claims that there are multiple violations per contract. The Company removed the lawsuit to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey on December 6, 2010 (Civil Action No.: 10-06317(JAP)(LHG)). Plaintiff on behalf of herself and others similarly situated seeks equitable relief, statutory and treble damages, pre- and post-judgment interest and attorneys' fees. On July 31, 2013, the Court certified a class comprising all persons who entered into a rent-to-own contract with the Company in New Jersey from March 16, 2006 through March 31, 2011. In August 2013, the Court of Appeals denied the Company s request for an interlocutory appeal of the class certification issue. On October 4, 2013, the Company also filed a motion to allow counterclaims against all newly certified class members who may owe legitimate fees or damages to the Company or who failed to return merchandise to the Company prior to obtaining ownership. On August 14, 2015, the Company filed a motion for partial summary judgment seeking judicial dismissal of a portion of the claims in the case. The motion filed October 4, 2013 to allow counterclaims was denied by the magistrate judge on June 30, 2014, and that decision was confirmed by the District Court on November 30, 2015. On December 23, 2015, the Company filed a motion with the District Court requesting permission for an interlocutory appeal of the denial of the motion to add counterclaims, which also remains pending. On February 23, 2016, the Court granted in part and denied in part the Company s motion for partial summary judgment filed August 14, 2015, dismissing plaintiff s claims that the pro-rate violated the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, but denying summary judgment on the claim that Aaron s Service Plus violated the same act. On March 7, 2016, the Company moved for limited reconsideration of that ruling. On March 24, 2016, plaintiff filed a motion for approval of issuance of class notice. The  
  
   15 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Company has filed a motion requesting a stay on issuance of class notice pending the ruling on the request for limited reconsideration of the partial summary judgment ruling and the request for interlocutory review of the denial of the motion to add counterclaims filed on December 23, 2015. Those motions remain pending, but the Court has allowed limited pre-notice class discovery to proceed. 
  Privacy and Related Matters 
  In   Crystal and Brian Byrd v. Aaron's, Inc., Aspen Way Enterprises, Inc., John Does (1-100) Aaron's Franchisees and Designerware, LLC,   filed on May 16, 2011, in the United States District Court, Western District of Pennsylvania (Case No. 1:11-CV-00101-SPB), plaintiffs alleged that the Company and its independently owned and operated franchisee Aspen Way Enterprises ("Aspen Way") knowingly violated plaintiffs' privacy in violation of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act ("ECPA") and the Computer Fraud Abuse Act and sought certification of a putative nationwide class. Plaintiffs based these claims on Aspen Way's use of a software program called "PC Rental Agent." Although the District Court dismissed the Company from the original lawsuit on March 20, 2012, after certain procedural motions, on May 23, 2013, the Court granted plaintiffs' motion for leave to file a third amended complaint, which asserted the claims under the ECPA, common law invasion of privacy, added a request for injunction, and named additional independently owned and operated Company franchisees as defendants. Plaintiffs filed the third amended complaint, and the Company moved to dismiss that complaint on substantially the same grounds as it sought to dismiss plaintiffs' prior complaints. Plaintiffs seek monetary damages as well as injunctive relief.  
  Plaintiffs filed their motion for class certification on July 1, 2013, and the Company's response was filed in August 2013. On March 31, 2014, the United States District Judge dismissed all claims against all franchisees other than Aspen Way Enterprises, LLC. The Court also dismissed claims for invasion of privacy, aiding and abetting, and conspiracy against all defendants. In addition, the Court denied the plaintiffs  motion to certify the class. Finally, the Judge denied the Company s motion to dismiss the violation of ECPA claims. Plaintiffs requested and received immediate appellate review of these rulings by the United States Third Circuit Court of Appeals. On April 10, 2015, the Court of Appeals reversed the denial of class certification on the grounds stated by the District Court, and remanded the case back to the District Court for further consideration of that and the other elements necessary for class certification. The District Court has not issued a briefing schedule for evaluating the motion for class certification on remand. 
  In   Michael Winslow and Fonda Winslow v. Sultan Financial Corporation, Aaron's, Inc., John Does (1-10), Aaron's Franchisees and Designerware, LLC,   filed on March 5, 2013 in the Los Angeles Superior Court (Case No. BC502304), plaintiffs assert claims against the Company and its independently owned and operated franchisee, Sultan Financial Corporation (as well as certain John Doe franchisees), for unauthorized wiretapping, eavesdropping, electronic stalking, and violation of California's Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act and its Unfair Competition Law. Each of these claims arises out of the alleged use of PC Rental Agent software. The plaintiffs are seeking injunctive relief and damages in connection with the allegations of the complaint. Plaintiffs are also seeking certification of a putative California class. Plaintiffs are represented by the same counsel as in the above-described   Byrd   litigation. In April 2013, the Company timely removed this matter to federal court. On May 8, 2013, the Company filed a motion to stay this litigation pending resolution of the   Byrd   litigation, a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim, and a motion to strike certain allegations in the complaint. The Court subsequently stayed the case. The Company's motions to dismiss and strike certain allegations remain pending. On June 6, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a motion to lift the stay, which was denied on July 11, 2015. 
  In   Lomi Price v. Aaron's, Inc. and NW Freedom Corporation  , filed on February 27, 2013, in the State Court of Fulton County, Georgia (Case No. 13-EV-016812B), an individual plaintiff asserts claims against the Company and its independently owned and operated franchisee, NW Freedom Corporation, for invasion of privacy/intrusion on seclusion, computer invasion of privacy and infliction of emotional distress. Each of these claims arises out of the alleged use of PC Rental Agent software.  The plaintiff is seeking compensatory and punitive damages of not less than   $250,000  . On April 3, 2013, the Company filed an answer and affirmative defenses. On that same day, the Company also filed a motion to stay the litigation pending resolution of the   Byrd   litigation, a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim and a motion to strike certain allegations in the complaint. The Court stayed the proceeding pending rulings on certain motions in the   Byrd   case, which expired upon remand of the case back to the District Court. On April 24, 2015, the Company filed a renewed motion to stay, which was granted on June 15, 2015. 
  In   Michael Peterson v. Aaron s, Inc. and Aspen Way Enterprises, Inc.  , filed on June 19, 2014, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia (Case No. 1:14-cv-01919-TWT), several plaintiffs allege that they leased computers for use in their law practice. The plaintiffs claim that the Company and Aspen Way knowingly violated plaintiffs' privacy and the privacy of plaintiffs' legal clients in violation of the ECPA and the Computer Fraud Abuse Act. Plaintiffs seek certification of a putative nationwide class. Plaintiffs based these claims on Aspen Way's use of PC Rental Agent software. The plaintiffs claim that information and data obtained by defendants through PC Rental Agent was attorney-client privileged. The Company filed a motion to dismiss plaintiffs' amended complaint. On June 4, 2015, the Court granted the Company s motion to dismiss all  
  
   16 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

claims except a claim for aiding and abetting invasion of privacy. Plaintiffs then filed a second amended complaint alleging only the invasion of privacy claims that survived the June 4, 2015 court order, and adding a claim for unjust enrichment. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint, and on September 16, 2015, the Court granted the Company s motion to dismiss plaintiffs  unjust enrichment claim. The only remaining claim against the Company is a claim for aiding and abetting invasion of privacy. Plaintiffs filed their motion for class certification on March 18, 2016. The Company responded in opposition to that motion, and oral argument was held on September 27, 2016. A decision on that motion is pending. 
  Other Matters 
  In   Foster v. Aaron s, Inc.,   filed on August 21, 2015, in the United States District Court in Phoenix, Arizona (No. CV-15-1637-PHX-SRB), the plaintiff in this putative class action alleges that the Company violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA") by placing automated calls to customer references, or otherwise violated the TCPA in the manner in which the Company contacts customer references. The Company's initial responsive pleading was filed on October 7, 2015. A Scheduling Order was entered on January 26, 2016. This case was dismissed with prejudice on August 4, 2016. 
  Other Contingencies 
  The Company is a party to various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management regularly assesses the Company s insurance deductibles, monitors the Company's litigation and regulatory exposure with the Company's attorneys and evaluates its loss experience. The Company also enters into various contracts in the normal course of business that may subject it to risk of financial loss if counterparties fail to perform their contractual obligations.  
  Unfunded Lending Commitments 
  The Company, through its DAMI business, has unfunded lending commitments totaling approximately   $396.2 million   and   $378.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These unfunded commitments arise in the ordinary course of business from credit card agreements with individual cardholders that give them the ability to borrow, against unused amounts, up to the maximum credit limit assigned to their account. While these unfunded amounts represented the total available unused lines of credit, the Company does not anticipate that all cardholders will utilize their entire available line at any given point in time. Commitments to extend unsecured credit are agreements to lend to a cardholder so long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments, which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, is approximately   $505,000     as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report for further information. 
   
  NOTE 7. SEGMENTS 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had five operating and reportable segments: Sales and Lease Ownership, Progressive, DAMI, Franchise and Manufacturing. On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold its   82   remaining Company-operated HomeSmart stores and ceased operations of that division. The results of DAMI have been included in the Company's consolidated results and presented as a reportable segment from its October 15, 2015 acquisition date. 
  The Aaron s Sales   Lease Ownership division offers furniture, electronics, appliances and computers to consumers primarily on a monthly payment basis with no credit needed. Progressive is a leading virtual lease-to-own company that provides lease-purchase solutions on a variety of products, including furniture and bedding, consumer electronics, appliances and jewelry. The HomeSmart division, prior to its disposition, offered furniture, electronics, appliances and computers to customers primarily on a weekly payment basis with no credit needed. DAMI offers a variety of second-look financing programs originated through a third party federally insured bank to customers of participating merchants and, together with Progressive, allows the Company to provide retail partners with below prime customers   one   source for financing and leasing transactions. The Franchise operation awards franchises and supports franchisees of its sales and lease ownership concept. The Manufacturing segment manufactures upholstered furniture and bedding predominantly for use by Company-operated and franchised stores. Therefore, the Manufacturing segment's revenues and earnings before income taxes are primarily the result of intercompany transactions, substantially all of which are eliminated through the elimination of intersegment revenues and intersegment profit or loss.  
  
   17 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, management of the Company changed its internal segment measure of profit and loss for the Sales and Lease Ownership and HomeSmart segments to be on an accrual basis rather than on a cash basis. The Company retroactively adjusted Revenues of Reportable Segments and Earnings Before Income Taxes for Reportable Segments disclosed in the tables below to conform to this change.  

1    Represents interest and fees on loans receivable, and excludes the effect of interest expense. 
   2    Sales and Lease Ownership earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $2.6 million   of restructuring charges incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily related to impairment charges incurred in conjunction with the Company's strategic decision to close   56   Company-operated stores.  
   3    HomeSmart earnings before income taxes includes a loss on the sale of HomeSmart of   $4.2 million   and additional charges of   $1.4 million   related to exiting the HomeSmart business during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , of which     $40,000   was incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
   4    Franchise earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $88,000   of restructuring charges related to a reduction in workforce incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
   5    Earnings before income taxes for the Other category during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   were impacted by a gain of   $11.1 million   on the   January 29, 2016   sale of the Company's corporate office building and   $2.0 million   of restructuring charges related to a reduction in workforce incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   18 

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

The pre-tax losses or earnings in the Other category generally are the result of corporate overhead not allocated to the reportable segments for management purposes.  

1    Includes inventory (principally raw materials and work-in-process) that has been classified within lease merchandise in the condensed consolidated balance sheets of   $16.7 million   and   $19.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company determines earnings (loss) before income taxes for all reportable segments in accordance with U.S. GAAP with the following adjustments: 
             
    Generally a predetermined amount of each reportable segment s revenues is charged to the reportable segment as an allocation of corporate overhead. 
                
    Accruals related to store closures are not recorded on the reportable segments  financial statements, but are maintained and controlled by corporate headquarters. 
                
    Interest expense has been allocated to the Sales and Lease Ownership and HomeSmart segments based on a percentage of their revenues. Interest expense is allocated to the Progressive and DAMI segments based on a percentage of the outstanding balances of its intercompany borrowings and of the debt incurred when it was acquired. 
      
  NOTE 8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
  The Company leases certain properties under capital leases from related parties that are described in Notes 7 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report. 
  On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold its remaining   82   Company-operated HomeSmart stores to Buddy's Newco for   $35.0 million  . Refer to Note 2 for more information on the sale. Buddy s Newco is a subsidiary of Buddy s Home Furnishings ("Buddy s"), the third largest lease-to-own home furnishings provider in the United States. Buddy s is a portfolio company of Vintage Capital Management ("Vintage"), a private equity fund controlled by Brian R. Kahn. Based on information provided in a Schedule 13G filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 12, 2015 (the latest available filing made by Vintage), Vintage owned approximately   10%   of the Company s outstanding common stock. In May 2014, Mr. Kahn and Matthew E. Avril joined the Company s Board of Directors. In August 2015, Mr. Kahn resigned from the Board, but not due to any disagreement with the Company. At the time the HomeSmart transaction was approved by the Company s Board of Directors, Mr. Avril owned a limited partnership interest in Vintage, served as a strategic advisor to Vintage and served as a director of a Vintage portfolio company.  
  In connection with the HomeSmart transaction, the Company engaged a nationally recognized and independent financial advisor with substantial experience in transactions involving lease-to-own companies to conduct a thorough review of likely potential purchasers of the HomeSmart business. Through that process, Buddy s emerged as the only interested potential purchaser of the business with the financial ability to consummate such a transaction on terms likely satisfactory to the Company. In addition, prior to its approval of the HomeSmart transaction, the Company s Board of Directors obtained a fairness opinion from a nationally recognized and independent valuation firm, to opine on the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be paid by Vintage to the Company in connection with the HomeSmart transaction. Based on these and other factors, the Company s Board of Directors approved the HomeSmart transaction, with Mr. Avril abstaining from the Board s vote on the transaction. 
  
   19 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 9. RESTRUCTURING 
  On July 29, 2016, the Company announced that a thorough review of the Company-operated store portfolio would be performed. As a result of this evaluation and other cost-reduction initiatives, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company closed   two   underperforming Company-operated stores and will close   54   additional Company-operated stores during the three months ending December 31, 2016. Additional store closings are expected during 2017. The Company also optimized its home office and field support staff, which resulted in a reduction in employee headcount in those areas, to more closely align with current business conditions. Total restructuring charges of   $4.7 million   were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016, comprised of   $2.5 million   related to the write-off and impairment of store property, plant and equipment and   $2.1 million   related to workforce reductions. These costs were included in the line item "Restructuring expenses" in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
  Total restructuring charges of   $2.6 million  ,   $2.0 million  , and   $88,000   have been included in the Sales and Lease Ownership, Other, and Franchise segment results, respectively. The Company currently anticipates it will incur approximately   $13.0 million   related to this restructuring plan in the fourth quarter of 2016, principally related to contractual lease obligations for store locations that are being closed, all of which will be included within the Sales and Lease Ownership segment results. 
  The following table summarizes the balance of the accruals related to the restructuring charges and the movement in that accrual for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

20 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information: Except for historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management s current expectations and plans, which involve risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will,""believe," "expect," "forecast," "guidance," "intend," "could," "project," "estimate," "anticipate," "should," and similar terminology. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report and which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. These risks and uncertainties include factors such as the impact of increased regulation, changes in general economic conditions, including consumer confidence and demand for certain merchandise, increased competition, pricing pressures, the impact of legal proceedings faced by the Company, costs relating to protecting customer privacy and information security more generally, challenges relating to the integration of Progressive and a failure to realize the expected benefits of the integration, the execution and results of our operational strategies, risks related to Progressive's "virtual" lease-to-own business, deteriorations in our franchisee relationships, and the other risks and uncertainties discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   (the "  2015   Annual Report"). Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances after the filing date of this Quarterly Report. 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , including the notes to those statements, appearing elsewhere in this report. We also suggest that management s discussion and analysis appearing in this report be read in conjunction with the management s discussion and analysis and consolidated financial statements included in our   2015   Annual Report.  
  Business Overview 
  Aaron s, Inc. ("we", "our", "us", "Aaron s" or the "Company") is a leader in the sales and lease ownership and specialty retailing of furniture, consumer electronics, computers, and home appliances and accessories, and currently has more than   1,900   Company-operated and franchised stores in   47     states and Canada.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our major operating divisions are the Aaron s Sales   Lease Ownership division, Progressive, DAMI and Woodhaven Furniture Industries, which manufactures and supplies the majority of the upholstered furniture and bedding leased and sold in Company-operated and franchised stores. On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold the 82 Company-operated HomeSmart stores and ceased operations of that division.  
  Progressive is a leading virtual lease-to-own company that provides lease-purchase solutions in 46 states. It does so by purchasing merchandise from third-party retailers desired by those retailers  customers and, in turn, leasing that merchandise to the customers on a lease-to-own basis. Progressive consequently has no stores of its own, but rather offers lease-purchase solutions to the customers of traditional retailers. DAMI, which was acquired by Progressive on October 15, 2015, partners with merchants to provide a variety of revolving credit products originated through a third-party federally insured bank to customers that may not qualify for traditional prime lending (called "second-look" financing programs).  
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , total revenues were   $769.0 million  , which was an   increase   of   $1.3 million   compared to prior year. The increase was due to a   $42.4 million     increase   in revenues from Progressive and   $6.5 million   in revenues from DAMI, offset by a   decrease   of   $47.6 million   in revenues from our "core" business. The core business is our traditional lease-to-own store-based business and represents all of the operations of Aaron s, excluding Progressive and DAMI.     The core business experienced a   decrease   in lease revenues and fees resulting from: (i) a   4.6%     decrease   in Company-operated Sales and Lease Ownership same store revenues; and (ii) the HomeSmart disposition on May 13, 2016 resulting in a   decrease   in revenues of   $15.1 million   over the comparable period in 2015, both of which were partially offset by a net addition of   17   Company-operated Sales and Lease Ownership stores during the 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease in Company-operated Sales and Lease Ownership same store revenues was caused primarily by underperforming stores in Texas, which represent 18.6% of our store-based revenue, due to the effects of contractions in the oil industry on that market and also by fewer customers visiting our stores during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same quarter last year. Revenues from non-retail sales also   decreased     $14.4 million  , or   17.6%  , due to a decrease in demand for product by franchisees and a net reduction of   83   franchised stores during the 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016  .    
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , total revenues were   $2.4 billion  , an   increase   of   2.3%   over the comparable period in   2015  . The   increase   of   $54.2 million   was due to a   $140.1 million     increase   in revenues from Progressive and   $16.5 million   in revenues from DAMI, offset by a   decrease   of   $102.4 million   in revenues from our core business. The   decrease   in revenues from the core business primarily results from a   decrease   in lease revenues and fees due to a   2.9%     decrease   in Company-operated Sales and Lease Ownership same store revenues, and the HomeSmart disposition on May 13, 2016  
  
   21 

resulting in a   decrease   in revenues of   $22.1 million   over the comparable period in   2015  . Revenues from non-retail sales also   decrease  d   $42.9 million  , or   16.4%  , primarily due to a decrease in demand for product by franchisees and a net reduction of   82   franchised stores during the 24-month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Same Store Revenues.   We believe that changes in same store revenues are a key performance indicator of our core business. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we calculated this amount by comparing revenues for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   to revenues for the comparable period in   2015   for all stores open for the entire 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , excluding stores that received lease agreements from other acquired, closed or merged stores. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we calculated this amount by comparing revenues for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   to revenues for the comparable period in   2015   for all stores open for the entire 24-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , excluding stores that received lease agreements from other acquired, closed or merged stores.  
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company revised the methodology for calculating same store revenues and same store customer counts to reflect a full lifecycle for customer retention after stores are closed. As a result, revenues for stores that have been consolidated/merged are now included in the comparable same store calculation after 27 months. Previously, merged stores were included in the same store calculation after 24 months. The change in the same store calculation had an immaterial impact on comparable store revenues and customer counts. 
  Active Doors.   We believe that active doors are a key performance indicator of our Progressive segment. Active doors represent retail store locations at which at least one virtual lease-to-own transaction has been completed during the trailing three month period. The following table presents active doors for the Progressive segment: 

Invoice Volume  . We also believe that invoice volume is a key performance indicator of our Progressive segment. Invoice volume is defined as the retail price of lease merchandise acquired and leased by Progressive during the period, net of returns. The following table presents invoice volume for the Progressive segment: 

Business Environment and Company Outlook 
  Like many industries, the lease-to-own industry has been transformed by the internet and virtual marketplace. In response to these changing market conditions, we are executing a strategic plan for the core business that focuses on the following items and that we believe positions us for success over the long-term: 
    Improve store profitability 
    Accelerate our omni-channel platform 
    Promote communication, coordination and integration 
    Champion compliance 
  As part of executing this strategy, we sold the 82 Company-operated HomeSmart stores on   May 13, 2016  , which will enable us to sharpen our focus on activities that have the highest potential for return. We also took steps to further address the expense structure at our core business by completing a thorough review of our remaining store base in order to identify opportunities for rationalization. As a result of this evaluation and other cost-reduction initiatives, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company closed   two   underperforming Company-operated stores during the third quarter, and will close   54   additional Company-operated stores during the fourth quarter of 2016. Additional store closings are expected during 2017. The Company also optimized its home office and field support staff, which resulted in a reduction in employee headcount in those areas, to more closely align with current business conditions. Total restructuring charges of   $4.7 million   were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016, comprised of   $2.5 million   related to the write-off and impairment of store property, plant and equipment and   $2.1 million   related to workforce reductions. These costs were included in the line item "Restructuring expenses" in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. The Company currently anticipates it will incur a charge of approximately   $13.0 million   related to this restructuring plan in the fourth quarter of 2016, principally related to contractual lease obligations for store locations that are being closed, all of which will be included within the Sales and Lease Ownership segment results. 
   
  Key Components of Earnings Before Income Taxes 
  In this management s discussion and analysis section, we review our consolidated results. For the three and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , and the comparable prior year periods, some of the key revenue and cost and expense items that affected earnings before income taxes were as follows:  
  Revenues  . We separate our total revenues into   six   components: lease revenues and fees, retail sales, non-retail sales, franchise royalties and fees, interest and fees on loans receivable and other. Lease revenues and fees include all revenues derived from lease agreements at Company-operated stores and retail locations serviced by Progressive. Retail sales represent sales of both new and returned lease merchandise from our Company-operated stores. Non-retail sales mainly represent new merchandise sales to our Aaron s Sales   Lease Ownership franchisees. Franchise royalties and fees represent fees from the sale of franchise rights and royalty payments from franchisees, as well as other related income from our franchised stores. Interest and fees on loans receivable primarily represents merchant fees, finance charges and annual and other fees earned on loans originated since the DAMI acquisition, as well as the accretion of the discount on loans acquired in the acquisition. Other revenues primarily relate to revenues from leasing real estate properties to unrelated third parties, as well as other miscellaneous revenues. 
  Depreciation of Lease Merchandise  . Depreciation of lease merchandise primarily reflects the expense associated with depreciating merchandise held for lease and leased to customers by our Company-operated stores and Progressive. 
  Retail Cost of Sales.   Retail cost of sales represents the depreciated cost of merchandise sold through our Company-operated stores. 
  Non-Retail Cost of Sales  . Non-retail cost of sales primarily represents the cost of merchandise sold to our franchisees. 
  Operating Expenses  . Operating expenses include personnel costs, occupancy costs, lease merchandise adjustments, bad debt expense, and advertising, among other expenses. 
  Other Operating Expense (Income), Net  .   Other operating expense (income), net  , consists of gains or losses on sales of Company-operated stores and delivery vehicles, fair value adjustments on assets held for sale and gains or losses on other transactions involving property, plant and equipment. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Refer to the   2015   Annual Report.  
   
  Results of Operations 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had five operating and reportable segments: Sales and Lease Ownership, Progressive, DAMI, Franchise and Manufacturing.  
  On   May 13, 2016  , the Company sold all of its   82   HomeSmart stores to Buddy's Newco for   $35 million  . Refer to Note 2 of the condensed consolidated financial statements herein for more information regarding the sale. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized a loss of   $4.2 million   on the disposition. The Company recorded additional charges of   $1.4 million   primarily related to the write-down to fair value, less estimated selling costs, of certain HomeSmart assets that were classified as held for sale at   September 30, 2016  . The sale of HomeSmart was a related party transaction. Refer to Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
  The results of DAMI have been included in the Company's consolidated results and presented as a reportable segment from its October 15, 2015 acquisition date. 
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, management of the Company changed its internal segment measure of profit and loss for the Sales and Lease Ownership and HomeSmart segments to be on an accrual basis rather than on a cash basis. The Company retroactively adjusted Revenues of Reportable Segments and Earnings Before Income Taxes for Reportable Segments in all segment-related disclosures in this management s discussion and analysis section to conform to this change. 
  The Company s Sales and Lease Ownership, Progressive, DAMI and Franchise segments accounted for substantially all of the operations of the Company and, therefore, unless otherwise noted, only material changes within these four segments are discussed. The production of our Manufacturing segment, consisting of Woodhaven Furniture Industries LLC, is primarily leased or sold through the Company-operated and franchised stores, and consequently, substantially all of that segment s revenues and earnings before income taxes are eliminated through the elimination of intersegment revenues and intersegment profit or loss. 
  
   22 

Results of Operations   Three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    

Revenues 
  Information about our revenues by reportable segment is as follows:    

23 

Sales and Lease Ownership.   Sales and Lease Ownership segment revenues   decreased     $33.4 million   to   $437.1 million   primarily due to a   $17.2 million     decrease   in non-retail sales and a   $15.5 million     decrease   in lease revenues and fees. The   decrease   in non-retail sales was mainly due to decreasing demand for product by franchisees as result of the net reduction of   83   franchised stores during the 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016  . Lease revenues and fees   decreased   due to a   4.6%     decrease   in same store revenues, partially offset by the net addition of   17   Company-operated stores during the 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Progressive.   Progressive segment revenues   increased     $42.4 million   to   $308.4 million   primarily due to a net increase of approximately   3,400   active doors as well as increases in invoice volumes at existing active doors during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  DAMI.   DAMI segment revenues were   $6.5 million   and have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the October 15, 2015 acquisition date. 
  Franchise.   Franchise segment revenues   decreased     $1.7 million   to   $13.9 million   due to the impact of the net reduction of   83   franchised stores during the 15-month period ended   September 30, 2016   and a   0.4%     decrease   in same store revenues of existing franchised stores during the period.  
  Operating Expenses 
  Information about certain significant components of operating expenses is as follows:   

  Operating expenses   decreased     $13.5 million  , or   3.9%  , to   $332.0 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $345.5 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . As a percentage of total revenues, operating expenses   decreased   to   43.2%   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   45.0%   in the same period in   2015  .  
  Personnel costs   decreased     $5.3 million  , or   3.5%  , during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from the comparable period in   2015   primarily due to the   May 13, 2016   sale of the HomeSmart division, offset by increases in hiring to support the growth of Progressive and DAMI.  
  Lease merchandise adjustments   decreased     $2.2 million  , or   5.8%  , during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from the comparable period in   2015  . Progressive's lease merchandise adjustments as a percentage of Progressive's lease revenues   decreased   to   6.1%   in   2016   from   8.5%   in   2015   due to continued operational improvements and enhancements to the lease decisioning process.  
  Bad debt expense   decreased     $3.2 million  , or   8.3%  , during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from the comparable period in   2015   primarily due to continued operational improvements and enhancements to the lease decisioning process at Progressive. Progressive's bad debt expense as a percentage of Progressive's revenues   decreased   to   11.4%   in   2016   from   14.5%   in   2015  . 
  Other Costs and Expenses 
  Depreciation of lease merchandise.   Depreciation of lease merchandise   increased     $15.1 million  , or   5.0%  , to   $317.1 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $302.0 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . The depreciation of idle lease merchandise as a percentage of total Aaron's core depreciation remained consistent year over year at approximately   6%  . As a percentage of total lease revenues and fees, depreciation of lease merchandise   increased   to   47.1%   from   45.6%   in the prior year period, primarily due to a shift in product mix from our core business to Progressive to better match with consumer demands. Progressive generally experiences higher depreciation as a percentage of lease revenues because, among other factors, its merchandise has a shorter average life on lease and a higher rate of early buyouts than our core business.  
  
   24 

Retail cost of sales.   Retail cost of sales   decreased     $444,000  , or   9.8%  , to   $4.1 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $4.5 million   for the comparable period in   2015  , and as a percentage of retail sales,   increased   to   66.8%   from   64.9%   in the prior year period due to increased discounting of pre-leased merchandise.  
  Non-retail cost of sales.   Non-retail cost of sales   decreased     $13.3 million  , or   18.0%  , to   $60.3 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $73.6 million   for the comparable period in   2015  , and as a percentage of non-retail sales, remained consistent at approximately   90%   in both periods. 
  Restructuring Expenses.   In connection with the announced closure and consolidation of   56   underperforming Company-operated stores and workforce reductions in the home office and field support operations, charges of   $4.7 million   were incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . The charges were comprised of   $2.5 million   related to the impairment of store property, plant and equipment and   $2.1 million   related to workforce reductions.  
  Other Operating Expense (Income), Net    
  Information about the components of   other operating expense (income), net   is as follows:   

  Operating Profit 
  Interest income.   Interest income   increased   to   $868,000   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $483,000   for the comparable period in   2015   due to an increase in cash equivalent balances and a higher interest rate on our Perfect Home notes. 
  Interest expense.   Interest expense   increased     $221,000   to   $5.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $5.5 million   for the comparable period in   2015   due primarily to interest on the debt assumed in connection with the October 15, 2015 DAMI acquisition, which was partially offset by reductions in other borrowings in the current period. 
  Other non-operating expense, net  . Included in   other non-operating expense, net   were foreign exchange remeasurement   losses   of   $607,000   and   $1.4 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. These losses result from changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against the British pound and Canadian dollar.  
  
   25 

Earnings Before Income Taxes 
  Information about our earnings (loss) before income taxes by reportable segment is as follows:    

1    Sales and Lease Ownership earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $2.6 million   of restructuring charges incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to impairment charges incurred in conjunction with the Company's strategic decision to close   56   Company-operated stores.  
   2    Franchise earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $88,000   of restructuring charges related to a reduction in workforce incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
   3    Earnings before income taxes for the Other category were impacted by   $2.0 million   of restructuring charges incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   related to a reduction in our home office and field support workforce.  
  Income Tax Expense 
  Income tax expense   increased     $3.5 million   to   $15.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $12.4 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . The effective tax rate increased to   34.9%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   33.8%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily the result of decreased tax benefits related to the Company's furniture manufacturing operations. 
  Net Earnings 
  Net earnings   increased     $5.3 million   to   $29.5 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $24.2 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of total revenues, net earnings were   3.8%   and   3.2%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and the same period in   2015  , respectively.  
  
   26 

Results of Operations     Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015    

27 

Revenues 
  Information about our revenues by reportable segment is as follows:   

  Sales and Lease Ownership.   Sales and Lease Ownership segment revenues   decreased     $81.2 million   to   $1.4 billion   primarily due to a   $47.2 million     decrease   in non-retail sales and a   $32.0 million     decrease   in lease revenues and fees. Non-retail sales   decreased   primarily due to decreased demand for product by franchisees and the net reduction of   82   franchised stores during the 24-month period ended   September 30, 2016  . Lease revenues and fees   decreased   primarily due to a   2.9%     decrease   in same store revenues. 
  Progressive.   Progressive segment revenues   increased     $140.1 million   to   $913.6 million   primarily due to increases in invoice volumes at existing active doors as well as an increase in active doors during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  DAMI.   DAMI segment revenues were   $16.5 million   and have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the October 15, 2015 acquisition date. 
  Franchise.   Franchise segment revenues   decreased     $3.1 million   to   $45.0 million   due to the net reduction of   82   franchised stores during the 24-month period ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Operating Expenses 
  Information about certain significant components of operating expenses is as follows:   

  Operating expenses   increased     $12.0 million  , or   1.2%  , to   $1.011 billion   in   2016   from   $999.0 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . As a percentage of total revenues, operating expenses   decreased   to   41.9%   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   42.4%   in the same period in   2015  . 
  
   28 

Personnel costs   increased     $6.7 million  , or   1.5%  , during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   from the comparable period in   2015   primarily due to hiring to support the growth of Progressive and DAMI. In addition, the Company recorded charges of   $3.7 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   primarily related to the retirement of the Company's Chief Financial Officer.  
  Bad debt expense   increased     $3.8 million  , or   4.3%  , during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   from the comparable period in   2015   primarily due to the continued growth of Progressive. Progressive's bad debt expense as a percentage of Progressive's revenues   decreased   to   10%   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   11.4%   in the comparable period of   2015   primarily due to continued operational improvements and enhancements to the lease decisioning process. 
  Other Costs and Expenses 
  Depreciation of lease merchandise.   Depreciation of lease merchandise   increased     $75.0 million  , or   8.2%  , to   $987.4 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $912.4 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . The depreciation of idle lease merchandise as a percentage of total Aaron's core depreciation remained consistent year over year at approximately   6%  . As a percentage of total lease revenues and fees, depreciation of lease merchandise   increased   to   46.9%   from   45.2%   in the prior year period, primarily to a shift in product mix from our core business to Progressive to better match with consumer demand. Progressive generally experiences higher depreciation as a percentage of lease revenues because, among other factors, its merchandise has a shorter average life on lease and a higher rate of early buyouts than our core business. 
  Retail cost of sales.   Retail cost of sales   decreased     $2.0 million  , or   11.9%  , to   $15.1 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $17.1 million   for the comparable period in   2015  , and as a percentage of retail sales,   decreased   to   63.9%   in   2016   from   65.6%   in   2015   primarily due to lower inventory purchase cost.  
  Non-retail cost of sales.   Non-retail cost of sales   decreased     $41.2 million  , or   17.4%  , to   $195.7 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $236.9 million   for the comparable period in   2015  , and as a percentage of non-retail sales,   decreased   to   89.2%   in   2016   from   90.3%   in   2015   primarily due to lower inventory purchase cost. 
  Restructuring Expenses.   In connection with the announced closure and consolidation of   56   underperforming Company-operated stores and workforce reductions in our home office and field support operations, charges of   $4.7 million   were incurred during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . The charges are comprised of   $2.5 million   related to the impairment of store property, plant and equipment and   $2.1 million   related to workforce reductions. 
  Other Operating Income, Net    
  Information about the components of   other operating income, net   is as follows:   

  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , impairment charges and net gains on asset dispositions and assets held for sale included a loss of   $4.2 million   related to the sale of HomeSmart, a   $1.2 million   charge primarily related to the write down to fair value of certain assets related to the HomeSmart division that were not included in the May 2016 disposition and a gain of   $11.1 million   related to the sale of the Company's corporate headquarters building in January 2016. 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , losses on asset dispositions and assets held for sale included impairment charges of   $757,000   on leasehold improvements for Company-operated stores that were closed during the period and   $484,000   on assets held for sale. In addition, the Company recognized net gains of   $2.2 million   from the sale of 25 Company-operated stores during the period.  
  Operating Profit 
  Interest income.   Interest income, which primarily relates to the British pound-denominated Perfect Home notes,   increased   to   $1.8 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $1.7 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . 
  
   29 

Interest expense.     Interest expense   increased     $846,000   to   $18.0 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   from   $17.1 million   in   2015   due primarily to interest on the debt assumed in connection with the October 15, 2015 DAMI acquisition, which was partially offset by reductions in other borrowings in the current period. 
  Other non-operating expense, net  . Included in   other non-operating expense, net   were net foreign exchange transaction   losses   of   $2.7 million   and   $1.7 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. These net losses result from changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against the British pound and Canadian dollar.  
  Earnings Before Income Taxes 
  Information about our earnings (loss) before income taxes by reportable segment is as follows:   

   1    Sales and Lease Ownership earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $2.6 million   of restructuring charges incurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to impairment charges incurred in conjunction with the Company's strategic decision to close   56   Company-operated stores.  
   2    HomeSmart loss before income taxes includes a loss on the sale of HomeSmart of   $4.2 million   and additional charges of   $1.4 million   related to exiting the HomeSmart business during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  .  
   3    Franchise earnings before income taxes were impacted by   $88,000   of restructuring charges related to a reduction in workforce incurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
   4    Loss before income taxes for the Other category for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   includes a gain of   $11.1 million   on the sale of the Company's corporate headquarters building and   $2.0 million   of restructuring charges related to a reduction in workforce. 
  Income Tax Expense 
  Income tax expense   increased     $3.7 million   to   $68.5 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $64.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The effective tax rate also   increased   to   36.8%   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   from   36.2%   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .     The increase is primarily the result of decreased tax benefits related to the Company's furniture manufacturing operations. 
  Net Earnings 
  Net earnings   increased     $3.7 million   to   $117.7 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   from   $114.0 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , representing a   3.2%     increase  . As a percentage of total revenues, net earnings were   4.9%   and   4.8%   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the same period in   2015  , respectively. 

30 

Overview of Financial Position 
  The major changes in the condensed consolidated balance sheet from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   include:  
                
    Income tax receivable   decreased     $165.6 million   primarily because the Company received income tax refunds, net of payments of   $88.6 million  , during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . The enactment of the Protecting Americans From Tax Hikes Act in December 2015 ("the 2015 Act") extended bonus depreciation on eligible inventory held during 2015. Throughout 2015, the Company made payments based on the previously enacted law, resulting in an overpayment when the 2015 Act was signed into law and the Company applied for a refund at that time. The income tax receivable balance was further reduced due to adjustments to the provision for federal income taxes recorded during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses   decreased     $36.7 million   due primarily to decreases in lease merchandise purchases at the end of the third quarter of 2016 compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2015. 
                
    Debt   decreased     $110.6 million   due primarily to the net repayment of   $111.5 million   in revolving credit borrowings, term loans and capital lease obligations. Refer to "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for further details regarding the Company's financing arrangements. 
      
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  General 
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , cash   provided by   operating activities was   $460.5 million   and   $213.3 million  , respectively. The   $247.2 million   period-over-period   increase   in operating cash flows occurred primarily because of a   $134.6 million   decrease in income tax payments, net of refunds, and declines in inventory purchases at our core business for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . In particular, income tax payments decreased by   $114.0 million   and income tax refunds increased by   $20.6 million   period-over-period. We made higher tax payments during the first   nine months   of 2015 primarily because bonus depreciation had not been reinstated for 2015 at that time. As discussed more fully in the "Commitments" section below, the 2015 Act signed into law on December 18, 2015 extended 50% bonus depreciation and reauthorized work opportunity tax credits through the end of 2019, which allowed us to qualify for and receive a refund related to 2015 income tax payments and to limit federal tax payments during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . Separately, we decreased purchases of merchandise for our core business in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   relative to the same period in 2015 because we have placed more emphasis this year on maintaining an optimal amount and mix of merchandise at our stores.  
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , cash   used in   investing activities was   $4.0 million   and   $34.3 million  , respectively. The decrease in investing cash outflows during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily due to cash received of   $35.0 million   related to the sale of the HomeSmart division in May 2016 and cash received of   $13.6 million   related to the sale of the Company's corporate headquarters building in January 2016. 
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , cash   used in   financing activities was   $151.9 million   and   $115.6 million  , respectively. The   $36.3 million   increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to   $34.5 million   in Company repurchases of the Company's common stock during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Our primary capital requirements consist of buying merchandise for our core business and Progressive's operations. As we continue to grow, the need for additional lease merchandise is expected to remain our major capital requirement. Other capital requirements include purchases of property, plant and equipment, expenditures for acquisitions and income tax payments, and funding of loan receivables for DAMI. Our capital requirements historically have been financed through: 
             
    cash flows from operations; 
     
   31 

private debt offerings; 
                
    bank debt; 
                
    trade credit with vendors; 
                
    proceeds from the sale of lease return merchandise; and 
                
    stock offerings. 
     Debt Financing 
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $96.9 million   in term loans and no revolving credit balances were outstanding under the revolving credit and term loan agreement. Our current revolving credit facility matures   December 9, 2019   and the total available credit on the facility as of   September 30, 2016   was   $225.0 million  . The revolving credit and term loan agreement includes an uncommitted incremental facility increase option (an "accordion facility") which, subject to certain terms and conditions, permits the Company at any time prior to the maturity date to request an increase in extensions of credit available thereunder by an aggregate additional principal amount of up to $200.0 million. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $45.0 million   was outstanding under the DAMI credit facility. The DAMI credit facility is currently set to mature on October 15, 2017 and the total available credit on the facility as of   September 30, 2016   was   $8.4 million  . In addition, the DAMI credit facility includes an accordion facility, which, subject to certain terms and conditions, permits DAMI at any time prior to the maturity date to request an increase in the maximum facility of up to   $25.0 million  . The DAMI credit facility restricts DAMI's ability to transfer funds by limiting intercompany dividends to an amount not to exceed the amount of capital the Company has invested in DAMI. The aggregate amount of such dividends made in a calendar year are limited to 75% of DAMI's net income for the immediately preceding calendar year. On June 30, 2016, DAMI entered into the twelfth amendment to the DAMI credit facility (the Twelfth Amendment). As amended, borrowings under the DAMI credit facility bear interest at 4.375% plus one-month LIBOR, provided that the applicable margin will increase by 0.25% if Monthly Excess Availability (as defined in the DAMI credit facility) is less than 20%. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding   $300.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement in connection with the April 14, 2014 Progressive acquisition. The notes bear interest at the rate of   4.75%   per year and mature on   April 14, 2021  . Payments of interest are due quarterly, commencing July 14, 2014, with principal payments of $60.0 million each due annually commencing April 14, 2017.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding   $50.0 million   in senior unsecured notes originally issued in a private placement in July 2011. Effective April 28, 2014, the notes bear interest at the rate of   3.95%   per year and mature on April 27, 2018. Quarterly payments of interest commenced July 27, 2011, and annual principal payments of $25.0 million each commenced April 27, 2014.  
  Our revolving credit and term loan agreement and senior unsecured notes, and our franchisee loan agreement discussed below, contain certain financial covenants. These covenants include requirements that the Company maintain ratios of (i) EBITDA plus lease expense to fixed charges of no less than 2.00:1.00 and (ii) total debt to EBITDA of no greater than 3.00:1.00. In each case, EBITDA refers to the Company s consolidated earnings before interest and tax expense, depreciation (other than lease merchandise depreciation), amortization expense and other non-cash charges, and it excludes the results of DAMI. If we fail to comply with these covenants, we will be in default under these agreements, and all amounts could become due immediately. We are in compliance with all of these covenants at   September 30, 2016   and believe that we will continue to be in compliance in the future.  
  The DAMI credit facility also contains financial covenants. The Twelfth Amendment amended the DAMI credit facility to, among other things, (i) remove the financial covenant that requires DAMI to maintain a certain EBITDA ratio, (ii) include a financial covenant that requires DAMI to meet certain trailing twelve month and fiscal quarter EBITDA thresholds, (iii) include a minimum tangible net worth requirement for DAMI, and (iv) include a financial covenant that DAMI shall maintain a monthly Cash Collection Percentage (as defined in the DAMI credit facility) of greater than or equal to 5.0%. The Twelfth Amendment also amends the definition of "Permitted Indebtedness" in the DAMI credit facility to include non-interest bearing debt owing to the Company and certain of its affiliates under certain circumstances. If we fail to comply with these covenants, we will be in default under the agreement, and all amounts could become due immediately. We are in compliance with all of these covenants at   September 30, 2016   and believe that we will continue to be in compliance in the future.  

32 

Share Repurchases 
    
  We purchase our stock in the market from time to time as authorized by our Board of Directors. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company purchased   1,372,700   shares for   $34.5 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we have the authority to purchase   9,123,721   additional shares. 
  Dividends 
  We have a consistent history of paying dividends, having paid dividends for 29 consecutive years. At its November   2015   meeting, our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend by   8.7%  , raising it to   $0.025   per share from   $0.023   per share. Aggregate dividend payments for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   were   $5.5 million  .    
    
  At its November 2016 meeting, our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend by 10.0%, raising it to $0.0275 per share from $0.025 per share.  
  Subject to sufficient operating profits, any future capital needs and other contingencies, we currently expect to continue our policy of paying dividends. 
   
  Commitments 
  Income Taxes.   During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we received income tax refunds, net of payments, of   $88.6 million  . For the three months ended December 31, 2016, we anticipate that we will make cash payments for federal and state income taxes of approximately   $24.0 million  . 
  The Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 signed into law on December 20, 2014 extended bonus depreciation and reauthorized work opportunity tax credits through the end of 2014. The 2015 Act signed into law on December 18, 2015 extended 50% bonus depreciation and reauthorized work opportunity tax credits through the end of 2019. As a result, the Company applied for and received a   $100 million   quick refund from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") for the 2014 tax year during January 2015, and a   $120 million   quick refund for the 2015 tax year during February 2016. Accordingly, our cash flow benefited from having a lower cash tax obligation, which, in turn, provided additional cash flow from operations. Because of our sales and lease ownership model, in which the Company remains the owner of merchandise on lease, we benefit more from bonus depreciation, relatively, than traditional furniture, electronics and appliance retailers. 
  In future years, we may have to make increased tax payments on our earnings as a result of expected profitability and the reversal of the accelerated depreciation deductions that were taken in   2015   and prior periods. While the 2015 Act extended bonus depreciation through 2019, not considering the effects of bonus depreciation on future qualifying expenditures, we estimate that at   December 31, 2015  , the remaining tax deferral associated with the acts described above was approximately   $178.0 million  , of which approximately   80%   is expected to reverse in   2016   and most of the remainder during   2017   and   2018  . 
  Leases.   The Company leases various properties and other assets in the normal course of business, including certain properties under capital leases with related parties. Our lease agreements are more fully described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in the   2015   Annual Report. 
  Franchise Loan Guaranty.   We have guaranteed the borrowings of certain independent franchisees under a franchise loan agreement with several banks, which has a maturity date of   December 8, 2016  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the portion that we might be obligated to repay in the event franchisees defaulted was     $58.8 million  .     However, due to franchisee borrowing limits, we believe any losses associated with defaults would be substantially mitigated through recovery of lease merchandise and other assets. Since the inception of the franchise loan program in 1994, we have had no significant associated losses. We believe the likelihood that the Company would fund any significant amounts in connection with these commitments to be remote. 
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments.    
  As part of our ongoing operations, we enter into various arrangements that obligate us to make future payments, including debt agreements, operating leases, and other purchase obligations. The future cash commitments owed under these arrangements generally fluctuate in the normal course of business as we, for example, borrow on or pay down our revolving lines of credit, make scheduled payments on other debt, leases or purchase obligations and renegotiate arrangements or enter into new arrangements. Nonetheless, as of   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes outside the normal course of business in our material cash commitments and contractual obligations from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
   
  Unfunded Lending Commitments 
  The Company, through its DAMI business, has unfunded lending commitments totaling approximately   $396.2 million   and   $378.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These unfunded commitments arise in the ordinary course of business from credit card agreements with individual cardholders that give them the ability to borrow,  
  
   33 

against unused amounts, up to the maximum credit limit assigned to their account. While these unfunded amounts represented the total available unused lines of credit, the Company does not anticipate that all cardholders will utilize their entire available line at any given point in time. Commitments to extend unsecured credit are agreements to lend to a cardholder so long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
  Refer to Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including pronouncements that were adopted in the current year.  
   
           ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Our exposures to market risk have not changed materially since   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   34 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
  An evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, was carried out by management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  This evaluation is performed to determine if our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. Our disclosure controls and procedures, however, are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met.  
  Based on management s evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the date of the evaluation to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
  There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   35 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     From time to time, we are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While any proceeding contains an element of uncertainty, we do not currently believe that any of the outstanding legal proceedings to which we are a party will have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position or results of operations. However, an adverse resolution of a number of these items may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position or results of operations. For further information see Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     The Company does not have any updates to its risk factors disclosure from that previously reported in the 2015 Annual Report. 
   
           ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     The following table presents our share repurchase activity for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

1   Share repurchases are conducted under authorizations made from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. The most recent authorization was publicly announced on October 4, 2013 and authorized the repurchase of an additional 10,955,345 shares of common stock over the previously authorized repurchase amount of 4,044,655 shares, increasing the total number of our shares of common stock authorized for repurchase to 15,000,000. These authorizations have no expiration date, and the Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares. Subject to applicable law, repurchases may be made at such times and in such amounts as the Company deems appropriate. Repurchases may be discontinued at any time. 
   
           ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
     None.  
   
           ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     None. 
   
           ITEM 5. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
     None. 
  
   36 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 

37 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of l934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AARON S, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Steven A. Michaels 

Steven A. Michaels 

Chief Financial Officer, 

President Strategic Operations 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Robert P. Sinclair, Jr. 

Robert P. Sinclair, Jr. 

Vice President, 

Corporate Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3113q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 3Q2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-                           
    I, John W. Robinson III, certify that: 

1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aaron's, Inc.; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    /s/ John W. Robinson III 

John W. Robinson III 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3123q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 3Q2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
                           
    I, Steven A. Michaels, certify that: 

1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aaron's, Inc.; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    /s/ Steven A. Michaels 

Steven A. Michaels 

Chief Financial Officer, 

President Strategic Operations 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3213q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 3Q2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, John W. Robinson III Chief Executive Officer of Aaron's, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that: 
    
  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
    
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                     Date:  
    November 2, 2016 
      
    /s/ John W. Robinson III 

John W. Robinson III 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3223q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 3Q2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Steven A. Michaels, Chief Financial Officer of Aaron's, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that: 
    
  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
    
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                     Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    /s/ Steven A. Michaels 

Steven A. Michaels 

Chief Financial Officer, 

President Strategic Operations 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 aan-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aan-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aan-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aan-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aan-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aan-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

