<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1487522_0001615774-16-008271_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3774932</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87867</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>230900</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>855533</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1712210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>832344</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008271.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114165937
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InnoVision Labs, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				202079514
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-175212
		FILM NUMBER:		161995771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 JABOTINSKI ST.
		STREET 2:		POB 12
		CITY:			RAMAT GAN
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			5252006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-393-7243

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 JABOTINSKI ST.
		STREET 2:		POB 12
		CITY:			RAMAT GAN
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			5252006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GlassesOff Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOVATIVE PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008271.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 s104594_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

x   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

OR 
     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition
period from                    
 to                      

Commission
file number:       333-175212   

InnoVision
Labs, Inc.   

  (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)  

(855) 393-7243  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x   No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  x   No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated Filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company    
      x   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 10,
2016, there were 6,064,283 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (  Common Stock  ), outstanding. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. 
INDEX TO FORM 10-Q FILING 
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

Table of Contents  

Page   

PART I  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     3  

ITEM 1. 
      Financial Statements.  
     3  

ITEM 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
     19  

ITEM 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     27  

ITEM 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     27  

ITEM 5. 
      Other Information  
     27  

PART II  
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     28  

ITEM 6. 
      Exhibits.  
     28  

SIGNATURES  
     29  

PART I     FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    Financial Statements. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS  

(Except shares and per share amounts)  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS  

(Except shares and per share amounts)  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
  
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

For the nine months ended     

September 30,     

2016       
     2015     
 
     Cash flows from operating activities    

Net (loss)    
     $  (2,480  )    
     $  (3,321  )  
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash (used in)    

Operating activities:    

Depreciation    
        69       
        26     
 
     Amortization and impairment of other assets    
        240       
        140     
 
     Amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs    
        659       
        8     
 
     Accrued interest on convertible notes payable    
        164       
        3     
 
     Stock based compensation related to employees and nonemployees    
        81       
        389     
 
     Contribution of services from shareholders    
        57       
        -     
 
     Loss on disposal of fixed assets    
        7       
        -     
 
     (Increase) decrease in trade receivable    
        14       
        (16  )  
 
     (Increase) decrease in other receivables and prepaid expenses    
        229       
        (224  )  
 
     Increase (decrease) in trade payables    
        (196  )    
        52     
 
     Increase (decrease) in related parties payables    
        (23  )    
        100     
 
     Interest and exchange differences on restricted cash    
        2       
        -     
 
     Increase (decrease)  in accrued expenses and other liabilities    
        (245  )    
        84     
 
     Net cash (used in) operating activities    
        (1,422  )    
        (2,759  )  

Cash flows from investing activities    

Release of restricted cash deposit    
        34       
        -     
 
     Investment in deposits    
        -       
        (1  )  
 
     Purchase of property and equipment    
        (1  )    
        (2  )  
 
     Proceed from sale of fixed assets    
        2       
        -     
 
     Investment  in other assets    
        (92  )    
        (46  )  
 
     Net cash (used in) investing activities    
        (57  )    
        (49  )  

Cash flows from financing activities    

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes and warrants, net    
        1,058       
        1,737     
 
     Proceeds from options exercise    
        -       
        1     
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities    
        1,058       
        1,738     

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents    
        (421  )    
        (1,070  )  
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period    
        630       
        2,570     
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period    
     $  209       
     $  1,500     

Non cash investing and financial transactions:    

Capitalization of stock based compensation to intangible assets    
     $  5       
     $  7     

Additional information:    

Cash paid for income taxes    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
      Cash paid for interest expense    
     $  -       
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1 -    GENERAL  

InnoVision Labs, Inc. (the
 Company ), was incorporated on December 8, 2004 under the laws of the State of Nevada. On December 29, 2015, the
Company changed its name from GlassesOff Inc. to InnoVision Labs, Inc. 

The Company is a visual neuroscience
software technology company, utilizing patented technology to develop and commercialize consumer-oriented software applications
for improving, through exercise, vision sharpness and vision performance by improving the image processing function in the visual
cortex of the brain. 

The Company has developed
a non-invasive neuroscience platform technology that can potentially be utilized on computers, tablets and mobile devices in the
following areas: 

1.  Improvement,
                                         through visual stimulation exercises, of vision sharpness and vision performance by improving
                                         the image processing function in the visual cortex of the brain. The Company used this
                                         technology in its first app, GlassesOff , which aims to eliminate, through exercise,
                                         the dependency on reading glasses by people over the age of 40 who experience natural
                                         age-related changes in their near vision sharpness. The GlassesOff  app is currently
                                         implemented on the Android and Apple iOS platforms (iPhone, iPod, iPad) and is available
                                         on the main app markets, such as the Apple App Store and The Google Play store.   

2.  Improvement,
                                         through visual stimulation exercises, of image processing speed by improving the image
                                         processing function in the visual cortex of the brain. The Company believes that this
                                         could be used to improve the ability to process visual information faster within the
                                         context of sports or other situations requiring swift responses to visual events, such
                                         as in the military defense context. The Company used this technology to develop a new
                                         app, Game Vision, which is based on a sports theme, and was introduced to the public
                                         on March 3, 2016, but the Company has since ceased marketing this app.   

3.  Detection,
                                         through visual stimulation tasks, of anomalies in vision performance that could potentially
                                         be attributable to certain diseases, such as glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy, as well
                                         as dyslexia and attention deficit disorders.   

The Company has accumulated
various intellectual property assets, including several granted patents and patents currently under examination. In the second
quarter of 2016, the Company decided to modify its business strategy and focus on licensing its products, intellectual property
and technologies or otherwise entering into partnerships, in each case with parties who have strategic interests in any of the
three areas of focus outlined above. The Company plans to continue supporting its first app, GlassesOff , and cease its
independent marketing and development efforts with respect to Game Vision for the currently foreseeable future. 

Given its change in strategic
focus, the Company reduced its headcount to two full-time employees and three part-time employees which the Company believes will
both reduce demands on its cash resources while still allowing the Company to continue to support its GlassesOff  app. In
addition, the Company moved to smaller offices. 

The Company conducts its activity
through its wholly owned Israeli subsidiary, Eyekon E.R.D Ltd. 

  The
Company started generating revenues in 2014; however, the Company has not yet generated significant revenue from operations and
is devoting efforts to licensing its products or otherwise entering into partnerships, in each case as described above. The Company s
accumulated deficit during the development stage aggregated $24,055 through September 30, 2016. There is no assurance that profitable
operations, if ever achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. The Company plans to continue to finance its operations
with issuances of its equity securities and, in the longer term, revenues. There are no assurances, however, that the Company
will be successful in obtaining an adequate level of financing needed for its planned principal operations.   

The
Company s ability to continue to operate as a going concern is dependent upon additional financial support. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets  carrying amounts
or the amount and classification of liabilities that may be required should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2 -    SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

a.    Basis
                                         of presentation:    

 The accompanying unaudited financial
statements of the Company are presented in accordance with the requirements of Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to applicable
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and regulations. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been made. The results for these
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire year. The accompanying financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015
and the notes thereto filed with the SEC on Form 10-K on March 31, 2016. 

b.    Principles
                                         of consolidation:    
 The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Ucansi Inc. and Eyekon E.R.D. Ltd. 

Intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

c.    Revenue
                                         recognition:    

 Revenues are derived from subscription
fees for access to and use of the Company s on-demand application services. The Company delivers its products through cloud-based
client server architecture to hand-held devices, currently implemented on the Apple iOS platform (iPhone, iPod, iPad) and Android
platform. 

Under such subscription arrangements,
the customer does not have the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the subscription period.
Thus, revenues for the Company s subscription services are recognized in accordance with accounting standards for service
contracts in accordance with the provisions of SAB Topic 13. 

The criteria in SAB Topic 13
are met when: 1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 2) delivery of the product has occurred; 3) a fixed or determinable
fee; and 4) the collection of the fee is reasonably assured. Accordingly, revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over
the contractual cloud-based subscription services period, commencing on the date the service is made available to the customer,
provided all of the applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

d.    Research
                                         and development costs:    

 Research and development,
or R D, costs are expensed as they are incurred and consist of salaries, stock-based compensation, benefits and other personnel-related
costs, fees paid to consultants, clinical trials and related clinical manufacturing costs, license and milestone fees, and facilities
and overhead costs. 

e.    Long
                                         lived assets:    

 InnoVision reviews the carrying
value of its long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events and circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing
the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets over their remaining
economic life. If the undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets, the assets are considered
impaired. The impairment loss is measured by comparing the fair value of the assets to their carrying value. Impairment losses
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0, $0, $92 and $0, respectively. The losses were related
to the termination of marketing and development of the Game Vision App. See Note 5. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2 -    SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

f.    Other
                                         Assets:    

 R D costs are expensed
as incurred with the exception of software development costs incurred subsequent to establishing technological feasibility and
up to the general release of the software products, which costs are capitalized. Technological feasibility is demonstrated by
the completion of a working model or a detailed program design. The capitalized costs with a finite life are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets. The amortization period is three years for software and technology
related assets. Intangible assets with a finite life are tested for impairment upon the occurrence of certain triggering events. 

g.    Loss
                                         per share:    

 Basic and Diluted losses per
share are presented in accordance with ASC 260-10  Earnings per share . Outstanding restricted stock, options, warrants
and convertible notes have been excluded from the calculation of the diluted loss per share because all such securities are antidilutive. 

For the three months and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share 5,252,537 and 5,184,545
weighted average number of shares of common stock related to outstanding restricted stock, options, warrants and convertible notes,
respectively. For the three months and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company excluded from the calculations
of diluted loss per share 2,247,901 and 2,112,653 weighted average number of shares of common stock related to outstanding restricted
stock, options, warrants and convertible notes, respectively. 

h.    Fair
                                         value measurements:    

 As defined in ASC 820-10, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820-10 ), fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820-10
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad
levels, which are described below: 

Level 1:  Quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs. 

Level 2:  Other
inputs that are observable, directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or market corroborated
inputs. 

Level 3:  Unobservable
inputs are used when little or no market data is available, which requires the Company to develop its own assumptions about how
market participants would value the assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3
inputs. 

In determining fair value,
the Company utilizes valuation techniques in its assessment that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. 

The following table
presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value, classified according to the three
categories described above: 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2 -    SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

i.     Recent
                                         accounting pronouncements:     

In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15  Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments ( ASU 2016-15 ), which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification
of certain cash receipts and payments for debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, the maturing of a zero coupon bond, the settlement
of contingent liabilities arising from a business combination, proceeds from insurance settlements, distributions from certain
equity method investees and beneficial interests obtained in a financial asset securitization. ASU 2016-15 designates the appropriate
cash flow classification, including requirements to allocate certain components of these cash receipts and payments among operating,
investing and financing activities. The retrospective transition method, requiring adjustment to all comparative periods presented,
is required unless it is impracticable for some of the amendments, in which case those amendments would be prospectively adjusted
as of the earliest date practicable. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not
expect the adoption to have any significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses, which changes the accounting for recognizing
impairments of financial assets. Under the new guidance, credit losses for certain types of financial instruments will be estimated
based on expected losses. The new guidance also modifies the impairment models for available-for-sale debt securities and for
purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The new guidance will be effective for the Company
starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. The Company
does not expect the adoption to have any significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, FASB issued
Update 2016-10 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. The
amendments in this Update do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Rather, the amendments in this Update
clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance,
while retaining the related principles for those areas. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance in Accounting Standards
Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
guidance revising certain elements of the accounting for share-based payments - Update 2016-09 Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard is intended to simplify several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective
in the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this
guidance. Based on the Company s initial analysis, the adoption of this update is not expected to have a significant impact
on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2 -    SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent accounting pronouncements:  

In February 2016, the FASB
issued revised guidance on accounting for leases - Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires a lessee
to recognize in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases with a term of
12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. Recognition, measurement and presentation
of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The new guidance will be effective for us in our first
quarter of 2019 and early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital
and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance. Based on the Company s initial
analysis, the adoption of this update is not expected to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and
disclosures. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This
ASU establishes specific guidance to an organization s management on their responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about the organization s ability to continue as a going concern. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim
and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This ASU is not expected to have an impact on our financial statements or
disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This ASU will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition requirements
in U.S. GAAP and will require entities to recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company
expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. The new standard also requires significantly
expanded disclosures regarding the qualitative and quantitative information of an entity s nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The pronouncement is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period and is to be applied retrospectively, with early
application not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those annual periods. The adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on the Company s financial
statements or disclosures. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-01,  Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.  ASU 2015-01
eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of an extraordinary item. The FASB released the new guidance as part of its simplification
initiative, which is intended to  identify, evaluate, and improve areas of U.S. GAAP for which cost and complexity can be
reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements.  The
ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those annual periods. The adoption
of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2 -    SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent accounting pronouncements:  

In June 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-12,  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could
Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  This ASU requires a reporting entity to treat a performance target that
affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period as a performance condition, and apply existing guidance
under the Stock Compensation Topic of the ASC as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account
for such awards. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The
adoption of this ASU did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

There were various other updates
recently issued, none of which are expected to a have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 3 - OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAID
EXPENSES  

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT,
NET   (continued)  

Depreciation expenses for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $19, $9, $69 and $26, respectively. 

The increase in depreciation
expenses derived primarily from the reevaluation of the expected life of leasehold improvements, resulting in additional depreciation
expenses of $44 in connection with the Company s decision to move to smaller offices. 

During the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Company disposed of fixed assets primarily consisting of computer equipment and furniture due to
the decrease in the Company s headcount and its relocation to new offices. The net loss on disposal of fixed assets for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $7. 

NOTE
5 - OTHER ASSETS, NET   

The Company s
intangible assets are associated with the capitalization of the costs of producing product masters incurred subsequent to establishing
technological feasibility of GlassesOff app and Game Vision app. These costs include coding, testing and product design. 

In accordance
with applicable accounting guidance, we perform impairment tests when events occur or circumstances change that indicate that
the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. Based on the revenue generated in the second quarter of 2016
from our Game Vision app, which we launched in March 2016, we concluded that sufficient indicators of impairment existed to require
the performance of an interim assessment of the capitalized value of that app. The Company assessed the recoverability of the
net capitalized amount related to the Game Vision app by determining whether the carrying value of the app may be recoverable
by undiscounted expected future cash flow. Based on this assessment, the Company determined that the implied value of the app
was zero, as the cash flow from offering the app was negligible. The Company ceased marketing and development of the app in June
2016, and the app is unlikely to produce future cash flow. 

The Company
recognized an impairment of the Game Vision app s entire net capitalized amount of $92, and recorded the impairment loss
as a cost of revenues in the Company s statement of operations. 

Amortization
expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $49, $49, $148 and $140, respectively. 

Data
with respect to Company s intangible assets associated with its products were as follows: 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 6   CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

On February
4, 2016, the Company issued and sold to investors in a private placement (the  Private Placement ) $1,060 aggregate
principal amount of the Company s 8.0% Senior Convertible Notes (the  Notes ), which were issued together with
warrants ( Warrants ) to acquire an aggregate of 726,031 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001
per share ( Common Stock ), at an exercise price of $2.19 per share. 

The Notes
are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing
and future unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes accrue interest at 8.00% per annum, payable at maturity. The Notes mature on
August 3, 2018 unless earlier converted or redeemed. The Company may, at its option, redeem all, but not less than all, of the
then issued and outstanding Notes at any time prior to maturity by delivering notice thereof to the holders not less than 30 nor
more than 60 days prior to the date of redemption. 

The Notes
may be converted into shares of Common Stock (the  Conversion Shares ) at an initial conversion price of $2.19 per
share, or approximately 457 shares for each $1 principal amount of Notes (not including accrued and unpaid interest). The conversion
price is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and certain fundamental transactions involving
the Company, as set forth in the Notes. Except as described below, upon any conversion of the Notes, the holders thereof would
receive a number of Conversion Shares equal to (i) the sum of aggregate principal amount of the Notes converted plus all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, divided by (ii) the conversion price then in effect. 

The Notes
will convert automatically if (i) at any time prior to the maturity date the closing price of the Common Stock exceeds 500% of
the conversion price for any 90 days in any 120 consecutive trading-day period or (ii) the Company consummates a new round of
financing providing gross cash proceeds to the Company (before deduction of any underwriters  or placement agents 
discounts or commissions) of not less than $2.5 million, in which case holders of Notes may either convert their respective Notes
into Conversion Shares, as described above, or they may elect to convert their respective Notes into such round of financing. 

The Notes
provide for customary events of default which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others,
the following: nonpayment of principal or interest; breach of covenants or other agreements in the Notes; and certain events of
bankruptcy or insolvency. Generally, if an event of default occurs and is continuing under a Note, the holder thereof may declare
the principal of, and accrued interest on, such Note immediately due and payable. In the case of certain events of bankruptcy
or insolvency, all amounts outstanding under the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, would automatically
become due and payable. 

The Warrants
are exercisable for shares of Common Stock (the  Warrant Shares ) at any time during the five-year period following
the date of issuance. Any Warrant exercise effected during the first year following issuance must be in cash, following which
period, if a registration statement covering the Warrant Shares has not been filed with and declared effective by the SEC, then
a holder of a Warrant may exercise such Warrant through a cashless exercise. The number of Warrant Shares underlying the outstanding
Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and certain fundamental transactions involving
the Company, as set forth in the Warrant. 

The Company
accounted for the issuance of the Notes in accordance with ASC 470-20. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were assigned
between the Warrants and the Notes. Additionally, the instruments were evaluated for consideration of any beneficial conversion
features. It was concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed for the Notes because the effective conversion price is
less than the fair value of the issuer s capital stock. As a result, the proceeds of $1,058 (net of the transaction cost
of $2 from the sale of the Notes) were recorded net of debt discount of $705 due to the relative fair value of warrants and of
$247 due to a beneficial conversion feature. The warrant and beneficial conversion feature were recorded as additional paid in
capital. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expenses over the life of the Notes using the effective interest
method. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 6   CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE
(continued)  

The fair value of the Warrants
at the issuance date was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate    
        1.25  %  
 
     Weighted average expected life of grants in years    
        5.00     
 
     Weighted average expected volatility of underlying stock    
        1.08     
 
     Dividends    
        0.00     

The fair value of the Notes at the issuance
date was estimated by the Company s management by evaluating the present value of the monetary sum at various next round
and liquidation scenarios. 

Amortization expenses recorded
as interest expense of debt discount and issuance costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were
$231, $8, $659 and $8, respectively. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded accrued interest at 8.00% per annum of $59, $3, $164 and $3, respectively. 

The table below summarizes
the Notes activity during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

NOTE 7 - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER
LIABILITIES   

NOTE
8 - RELATED PARTIES  

On January 11, 2016, the Company s
board of directors (the  Board ) granted each of Mr. Shai Novik, the Company s Chairman of the Board, and Mr.
Ram Shaffir, the Company s Chief Technology Officer and a director, 20,000 shares of Common Stock valued at $64. In addition,
the Board granted Mr. Yuval Bar-Gil, a director of the Company, 10,000 shares of Common Stock valued at $16. All of the grants
vest in substantially equal monthly installments over a period of 12 months following the date of grant. 

Effective as of June 1, 2016,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, Mr. Nimrod Madar, Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Uri Polat, and Chief
Technology Officer, Mr. Ram Shaffir, and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Steve Schaeffer, agreed to waive their respective salaries
going forward. Mr. Steve Schaeffer also agreed to waive his fees in the amount of $36,000 that accrued since the third quarter
of 2015. Mr. Shai Novik, the Chairman of the Board, agreed to waive his annual director fee, effective as of June 1, 2016. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 9 - STOCK OPTION PLAN  

Options granted under the Equity
Incentive Plan and the related award agreements expire ten years from the date of grant, unless earlier terminated in accordance
with the terms of such grants. Options no longer vest following the termination of the grant recipient s employment or other
relationship with the Company. 

The Company accounts for employees 
and directors  stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Share-Based Payment . ASC 718 requires
companies to estimate the fair value of equity-based payment awards at the date of grant. The value of the portion of the award
that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods in the Company s consolidated
income statements. 

The Company recognizes compensation
expenses for the value of awards granted based on the straight line method over the requisite service period, net of estimated
forfeitures. 

The Company applies ASC 505-50,
 Equity Based Payments to Non Employees  ( ASC 505-50 ), with respect to options issued to non-employees.
The Company has accounted for these grants under the fair value method of ASC 505-50, estimated using the Black-Scholes Merton
option-pricing model. 

b.   The
                                         following table summarizes all share-based compensation expenses related to grants under
                                         the Equity Incentive Plan to employees, directors and consultants included in the unaudited
                                         consolidated statements of operations:   

In the second quarter of 2016,
following the decrease in headcount, 73,819 stock options, which had been granted to employees and consultants, were forfeited
in accordance with their respective terms. As a result, the Company recorded a reversal of $75 in stock-based compensation expense
related to the forfeited awards. In the third quarter additional 16,400 stock options were forfeited. As a result, the Company
recorded an additional reversal of $1 in stock-based compensation expense related to the forfeited awards. 

c.   The
                                         following is a summary of the stock options granted to employees under the Equity Incentive
                                         Plan:   

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 9 - STOCK OPTION PLAN (continued)  

The
following is a summary of changes in non-vested options to employees under the Equity Incentive Plan:  

The total unrecognized estimated
compensation cost related to employees  non-vested stock options granted through September 30, 2016 was $21, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.4 year. 

d.   The
                                         following is a summary of the stock options granted to non-employees under the Equity
                                         Incentive Plan:   

The
following is a summary of changes in non-vested options to non-employees:  

The total unrecognized estimated
compensation cost related to non-employees  for non-vested stock options granted through September 30, 2016 was $1, which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.6 years. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 9 - STOCK OPTION PLAN (continued)  

e.   The
                                         options outstanding to employees and non-employees as of September 30, 2016 have been
                                         separated by exercise prices, as follows:   

NOTE
10   WARRANTS  

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company issued Warrants to acquire an aggregate of 726,031 shares of Common Stock in connection with the
issuance of the Notes described in Note 6  Convertible Notes Payable. 

The following is a summary
of outstanding warrants: 

The warrants outstanding as of September
30, 2016 have been separated by exercise prices, as follows: 

NOTE
11 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  

On May 9, 2016 the Company terminated its Standby
Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, with YA Global Master SPV Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership 

Aggregate
minimum rental commitments, under non-cancelable leases as of September 30, 2016, were as follows:  

INNOVISION LABS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

U.S DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (except shares
and per share amounts)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 12 - STOCK CAPITAL  

a.   Restricted
                                         Shares   

In the first quarter of 2016,
the Company granted 20,000 shares of restricted Common Stock to a consultant, valued at $20, and 50,000 shares of restricted Common
Stock to three directors, valued at $80, vesting in substantially equal monthly installments over a period of 12 months following
the date of grant. 

In the second quarter of 2016,
following the decrease in a headcount, 38,166 shares of restricted Common Stock, which had been granted to employees, were forfeited
in accordance with their respective terms. As a result the Company recorded a reversal of $48 in stock-based compensation expense
related to such forfeiture. 

The total unrecognized estimated
compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares of Common Stock granted through September 30, 2016 was $22, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.3 year. 

The following is a summary
of compensation expenses related to restricted shares of Common Stock for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, including the reversal of $48 as discussed above: 

NOTE 13
- FINANCIAL (EXPENSES) INCOME, NET   

NOTE
14 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In October 2016, the Company granted 50,000
stock options to employees and consultants at an exercise price of $0.41 per share. 

ITEM 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include statements about our expectations,
beliefs or intentions regarding our product offerings, business, financial condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects.
You can identify such forward-looking statements by the words  expects,   intends,   plans, 
 projects,   believes,   estimates,   likely,   goal,   assumes, 
 targets  and similar expressions and/or the use of future tense or conditional constructions (such as  will, 
 may,   could,   should  and the like) and by the fact that these statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected events, activities,
trends or results as of the date such statements are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet
occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause our actual activities
or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are only predictions and reflect our views as of the date they are made with respect to future events and financial
performance. We undertake no obligation to update, and we do not have a policy of updating or revising, these forward-looking statements,
except as required by applicable law.     Please see Item 1A  Risk Factors  contained in our most recently
filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated by our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, for important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Introduction  

Unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  InnoVision,   we,   us 
and  our  refer to InnoVision Labs, Inc., a Nevada corporation, including its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries,
Ucansi Inc., a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as Ucansi, and EYEKON E.R.D. Ltd, an Israeli company, which comprise our
operating subsidiaries and all of our operations as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated
financial statements and the related notes thereto that appear in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The discussion and analysis
of InnoVision s financial condition and results of operations are based on InnoVision s financial statements, which
InnoVision has prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial
statements requires InnoVision to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, InnoVision evaluates such estimates and judgments, including those
described in greater detail below. InnoVision bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that InnoVision
believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

Business  

We are a visual neuroscience
software technology company, utilizing patented technology to develop and commercialize consumer-oriented software applications
for improving, through exercise, vision sharpness and vision performance by improving the image processing function in the visual
cortex of the brain. 

We have developed a non-invasive
neuroscience platform technology that can potentially be utilized on computers, tablets and mobile devices in the following areas: 

1.  Improvement, through visual stimulation exercises, vision sharpness and vision performance by improving
the image processing function in the visual cortex of the brain. The Company used this technology in its first app, GlassesOff ,
which aims to eliminate, through exercise, the dependency on reading glasses by people over the age of 40 who experience natural
age-related changes in their near vision sharpness. The GlassesOff  app is currently implemented on the Android and Apple
iOS platforms (iPhone, iPod, iPad) and is available on the main app markets, such as the Apple App Store and The Google Play store.   

2.  Improvement, through visual stimulation exercises, of image processing speed by improving the image
processing function in the visual cortex of the brain. We believe this could be used to improve the ability to process visual information
faster within the context of sports or other situations requiring swift responses to visual events, such as in the military defense
context. We used this technology to develop a new app, Game Vision, which is based on a sports theme, and was introduced to the
public on March 3, 2016, but we have since ceased marketing this app.   

3.  Detection, through visual stimulation tasks, of anomalies in vision performance that could potentially
be attributable to certain diseases, such as glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy, as well as dyslexia and attention deficit disorders.   

We have accumulated various
intellectual property assets, including several granted patents and patents currently under examination. As previously reported,
we decided to modify our business strategy and focus on licensing our products, intellectual property and technologies or otherwise
entering into partnerships, in each case with parties who have strategic interests in any of the three areas of focus outlined
above. Notwithstanding our current focus, there can be no assurance that we will engage in any such partnerships or transactions.
We plan to continue supporting our first app, GlassesOff , but we have ceased our marketing and development of Game Vision
in an effort to reduce our use of cash and other resources. 

Given our change in strategic
focus, we have reduced our headcount to two full-time and three part-time employees, which we believe will both reduce demands
on our cash resources while still allowing us to continue to support the GlassesOff  app. 

Plan of Operation  

The Company plans to focus
on licensing its products, intellectual property and technologies or otherwise entering into partnerships, in each case with parties
who have strategic interests in any of the three areas of focus outlined above. Notwithstanding this current focus, there can be
no assurance that the Company will engage in any such partnerships or transactions. The Company also plans to continue supporting
its first app, GlassesOff . We are not currently planning any major purchase or sale of equipment in 2016. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

A summary of our significant
accounting policies is included in Note 2,  Significant Accounting Policies,  of the notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, referred to as the 2015
Form 10-K. There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies and use of estimates previously reported in our 2015
Form 10-K. 

Our unaudited interim financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which often requires that management make judgments, estimates and assumptions
regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. Management reviews
these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates
and assumptions used in preparing our unaudited interim financial statements. 

Critical accounting estimates
are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time
the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely
to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
We believe that our accounting policies and estimates associated with revenue recognition, intangible assets, convertible notes
and stock based compensation are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies involve a high
degree of judgment and complexity. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. We believe
there have been no material changes in our existing accounting policies and estimates from the disclosures included in the 2015
Form 10-K, except for the newly adopted accounting policies as disclosed in Note 2 to the unaudited interim financial statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Information with respect
to recent accounting pronouncements may be found in Note 2 to the unaudited interim financial statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Results of Operations  

Three and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

InnoVision generated revenues
of $73,000 and $262,000 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to revenues of $57,000 and $162,000
for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues was mostly due to the launch of a French
version of the GlassesOff  app and significant media coverage in France, which resulted in increased sales. InnoVision expects
to maintain its current level of revenues for the foreseeable future while seeking to generate new revenue streams by licensing
its products, intellectual property and technologies and entering into partnerships. 

Cost of Sales   

Costs of sales consists
primarily of commissions, royalties and amortization and impairment of intangible assets. For the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016, InnoVision incurred costs of sales aggregating $73,000 and $328,000, as compared to $68,000 and $195,000
for the 2015 periods, respectively. The increase in costs of sales for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the 2015 period resulted primarily from impairment of intangible assets associated with GameVision of $92,000 for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $0 for the 2015 period and increased platform commissions and royalties of $33,000
for the 2016 period. The increase in platform commissions and royalties resulted from the increase in revenues. 

Research and Development
Expenses   

Research and development,
referred to as R D, expenses consist of: 

internal costs associated with R D activities;   

personnel-related expenses, including salaries and stock-based compensation expenses, benefits,
travel and related costs for the personnel involved in R    

internal and external costs associated with scientific studies, including payments to investigators
and labs participating in the studies, payments to purchase and/or use equipment required for such studies and payments to subjects
for participating in the subject studies;   

outsource services associated with R D activities; and   

facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities.   

Following the shift in
business strategy in June 2016, InnoVision s R D expenses declined significantly. InnoVision expects R D expenses
to remain at its current low state in foreseeable future periods, until InnoVision secures new deals in connection with its shift
in business strategy, focusing on licensing its products, intellectual property and technologies or otherwise enters into partnerships
with parties who have strategic interests in its products. 

For the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred R D expenses in the aggregate of $492,000 and $1,726,000, respectively.
The decrease in R D expenses resulted primarily from a reduction in payroll expenses of $422,000, a decrease in consulting
expenses of $458,000 and a decrease in stock-based compensation of $189,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to the 2015 period. 

For the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred R D expenses in the aggregate of $64,000 and $589,000, respectively.
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in payroll expenses of $122,000, a decrease in consulting expenses of $267,000, a
decrease in patents application fees of $44,000, a decrease in travel expenses of $29,000, a decrease in overhead expenses of $18,000
and a decrease in stock-based compensation of $20,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The reduction in R D
expenses resulted primarily from the Company s decision to cease marketing and development efforts with respect to Game Vision,
which led to a decrease in the Company s headcount and to termination of agreements with several third party service providers .

Sales and Marketing
Expenses   

Sales and marketing expenses
consist primarily of salaries and other related costs for employees of InnoVision and external service providers for services,
such as public relations services, advertising costs and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities.
Following the shift in business strategy in June 2016, InnoVision s sales and marketing expenses declined significantly.
InnoVision expects sales and marketing expenses to remain at its current low state in foreseeable future periods until the Company
secures new deals in connection with its shift in business strategy, as discussed above. 

For the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred sales and marketing expenses of $654,000   and $696,000, respectively.
The decrease for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily from a decrease
in payroll expenses of $37,000 and a decrease in stock-based compensation of $105,000, which was partially offset by an increase
in consulting and advertising expenses of $110,000. The decrease in payroll and stock based compensation expenses resulted primarily
from a decrease in headcount followed by the Company s decision in June 2016 to cease its marketing and development efforts
with respect to Game Vision. The increase in consulting and advertising expenses resulted primarily from amortization of prepaid
expenses associated with advertising costs of Game Vision of $146,000 and charging it to marketing expenses. 

For the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred sales and marketing expenses of $51,000   and $267,000, respectively.
The decrease for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily from a decrease
in consulting and advertising expenses of $71,000, a decrease in stock-based compensation of $52,000 and a decrease in payroll
expenses of $88,000. The decrease in sales and marketing expenses in the 2016 period resulted primarily from the Company's decision
to cease its marketing and development efforts with respect to Game Vision in June 2016, which led to a decrease in the Company's
headcount and termination of the agreements with certain consultants. 

General
and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative,
referred to as G A, expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expenses
for persons serving in InnoVision s executive and administration functions. Other G A expenses include facility-related
costs not otherwise included in R D or sales and marketing expenses, and professional fees for legal and accounting services,
including those associated with reporting obligations applicable to public companies in the United States. Generally, G A expenses
have declined for the 2016 periods presented, as compared to the 2015 periods, as a result of our shift in business strategy in
June 2016. 

For the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred G A expenses of $421,000 and $876,000, respectively. The decrease for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily from the decrease of $138,000
in payroll expenses, a decrease of $247,000 in fees payable to service providers, a decrease of $31,000 in travel expenses and
a one-time expense for investment bankers fees of $15,000 incurred in the 2015 period. 

For the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred G A expenses of $72,000 and $256,000, respectively. The decrease for
the three month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily from the decrease of $75,000
in payroll expenses and a decrease of $87,000 in fees payable to service providers. 

InnoVision expects to maintain
its current level of G A expenses for the foreseeable future. 

Financial Expenses
and Income   

Financial expenses and
income consist of the following: 

interest earned on InnoVision s cash and cash equivalents;   

bank fees and commissions;   

expenses or income resulting from fluctuations of the NIS, in which a portion of InnoVision s
assets and liabilities is denominated, against the U.S. Dollar; and   

interest expenses.   

For the nine month periods
ended September, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred net financial expenses (income) of $840,000 and $(10,000), respectively. The
increase in financial expenses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, was primarily
due to interest expenses related to InnoVision s 8.0% Senior Convertible Notes, referred to as the Notes, of $532,000 in
2016 as compared to $11,000 in 2015. The interest expenses related to the Notes primarily represented accrued interest of $164,000
and amortization of debt discount of $659,000 on the $2.86 million aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding during the 2016
period, as compared to accrued interest of $3,000 and amortization of debt discount of $8,000 on the $1.75 million aggregate principal
amount of Notes outstanding during the 2015 period. 

For the three month periods
ended September, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision incurred net financial expenses (income) of $294,000 and $(11,000), respectively. The
increase in financial expenses for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, was primarily
due to interest expenses related to the Notes of $280,000 in 2016 as compared to $11,000 in 2015. The interest expenses related
to the Notes primarily represented accrued interest of $59,000 and amortization of debt discount of $231,000 on the $2.86 million
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding in the 2016 period, as compared to accrued interest of $3,000 and amortization
of debt discount of $8,000 on the $1.75 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding in the 2015 period. 

Stock-based Compensation   

InnoVision s stock-based
compensation expenses with respect to employees are recorded according to ASC 718, which requires the measurement and recognition
of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options under
InnoVision s stock plans, based on estimated fair values. 

ASC 718 requires companies
to estimate the fair value of equity-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the
portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in InnoVision s
consolidated statement of operations. 

InnoVision applies ASC
505-50,  Equity Based Payments to Non Employees , with respect to options issued to non-employees. 

InnoVision estimates the
fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. 

For the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision s stock-based compensation expenses were $81,000 and $389,000, respectively.
Stock-based compensation expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased as compared to the 2015 period primarily
due to completion of the vesting of certain options and shares of restricted Common Stock that were granted in prior years, forfeiture
of a portion of the unvested options and restricted shares during 2016 and a decrease in the fair value of options that were granted
to consultants in the 2016 period. 

For the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, InnoVision s stock-based compensation expenses were $44,000 and $106,000, respectively.
Stock-based compensation expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased as compared to the 2015 period primarily
due to forfeiture of a portion of the unvested options and restricted shares in the second quarter of 2016. The options and restricted
shares were forfeited in accordance with the terms of their respective grants in connection with the Company s reduction
in headcount. 

Cash Flows  

Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash used in operations was $1,422,000 and $2,759,000, respectively. Cash was used primarily for
salaries, subcontractors and software development expenses, facility-related costs and professional fees. The decrease in cash
used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily from
a decrease in headcount and termination of the agreements with certain consultants and third party providers  services, followed
by the Company s decision to modify its strategy and to cease marketing and development activities with respect to the Game
Vision app. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $57,000 and $49,000, respectively. The decrease in cash
used in investing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the 2015 period, resulted primarily
from capitalization of intangible assets of $92,000 in 2016, as compared to $46,000 in 2015. The capitalization of $92,000 relates
to development costs for the Game Vision app that were incurred subsequent to establishing technological feasibility and up to
the general release of the product. This was partially offset by release of restricted cash deposit of $34,000 in 2016, as compared
to $0 in 2015. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $1,058,000 and $1,738,000, respectively. The decrease
in cash provided by financing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the 2015 period resulted
from InnoVision s issuance and sale of $1,060,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes in 2016 compared to $1,750,000 in 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

InnoVision expects to incur
losses from operations for the foreseeable future. InnoVision expects that its operating expenses will decrease in connection with
its decision to modify its business activity, as described above, including decreased headcount, planned decreases in R D activities
and sales and marketing activities. InnoVision s future capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including
the continued progress of its licensing efforts and the total average cost of customer acquisition, comprising initial acquisition
cost and customer retention cost. 

Based on our 2016 average
monthly cash expenses and our cash balance as of September 30, 2016, we expect that we will require additional financing of approximately
$150,000 for the 12-month period ending September 30, 2017. InnoVision plans to continue to finance its operations with the issuance
of equity or debt securities and, in the longer term, revenues from operations. There are no assurances, however, that InnoVision
will be successful in obtaining the financing necessary for the long-term development of its current products or future products,
if any. InnoVision s future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the terms and conditions of licensing
agreements and strategic partnerships that InnoVision may enter into as part of its new strategy. InnoVision generated only limited
revenues for 2015 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Following the change in strategic focus and specifically the
reduction in headcount, InnoVision expects a decrease in cash used in operations over the next 12 months. To the extent that InnoVision s
current capital resources are insufficient to meet its future capital requirements, InnoVision will need to finance its future
cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. 

InnoVision currently does
not have any commitments for future external funding. InnoVision will need to raise additional funds, and it may decide to raise
additional funds even before it needs such funds if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. InnoVision may seek to issue
equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility from one or more financial institutions or otherwise. The sale of equity
or convertible debt securities may result in dilution to its existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
in increased fixed obligations and could also subject InnoVision to covenants that restrict its operations. Additional equity or
debt financing, or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate
funds are not available, InnoVision may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate all or a portion of its operations. 

Effects of Inflation and Currency Fluctuations  

Inflation generally affects
InnoVision by increasing its cost of labor and other development costs. InnoVision does not believe that inflation had a material
effect on its results of operations for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Currency fluctuations may
affect InnoVision by increasing or decreasing costs. Currency fluctuations had no material effect on InnoVision s results
of operations for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. InnoVision does not purchase forward currency contracts
or engage in other hedging arrangements for either hedging or speculative purposes. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

InnoVision has no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to investors. 

ITEM 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include information otherwise
required by this item.  

ITEM 4.    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain a system of
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) that is designed to provide reasonable
assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management in a timely manner. Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer evaluated this system
of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, based on such
evaluation, concluded that the system was operating effectively as of such date to ensure appropriate disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 5.    Other Information 

InnoVision
currently plans to file a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) in January, 2016,
which, upon filing, would terminate its duty to file reports and other documents with the SEC pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, including, among others, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form
8-K. Notwithstanding the termination and suspension of InnoVision s Exchange Act reporting obligations, InnoVision expects
that trading prices for its Common Stock will continue to be quoted through the OTCQB or another over-the-counter quotation service,
but no assurance can be given with respect to such continued quotation.  

PART II     OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 6.  
       
        Exhibits.   

31.1* 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K  

31.2* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K  

32.1** 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K  

32.2** 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

*    Filed
herewith.  

**    Furnished
herewith.  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

INNOVISION LABS, INC.  

/s/ Nimrod Madar  
 
     Date: November 14, 2016 
     Nimrod Madar  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Steve Schaeffer  
 
     Date: November 14, 2016 
     Steve Schaeffer  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

31.1* 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K  

31.2* 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K  

32.1** 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K  

32.2** 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K  

101.INS* 
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL* 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF* 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB* 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE* 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

*    Filed
herewith.  

**    Furnished
herewith.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104594_ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION   

I, Nimrod Madar, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-Q of InnoVision Labs, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Nimrod Madar   

Nimrod Madar   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104594_ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION   

I, Steve Schaeffer, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-Q of InnoVision Labs, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Steve Schaeffer   

Steve Schaeffer   

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104594_ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION   

In connection with the
accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of InnoVision Labs, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ),
the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of InnoVision Labs, Inc.   

/s/ Nimrod Madar   

Nimrod Madar   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

InnoVision Labs, Inc.   
 
 November 14, 2016 

The certification set forth
above is being furnished as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being
filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document of InnoVision Labs, Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104594_ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION   

In connection with the
accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of InnoVision Labs, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ),
the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of InnoVision Labs, Inc.   

/s/ Steve Schaeffer   

Steve Schaeffer   

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

InnoVision Labs, Inc.   
 
 November 14, 2016 

The certification set forth
above is being furnished as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being
filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document of InnoVision Labs, Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 invs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 invs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 invs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 invs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 invs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 invs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

