<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_821130_0000821130-16-000103_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5755883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141199</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>559224</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1617203</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>866678</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000821130-16-000103.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104083027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000821130-16-000103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000821130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				621147325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09712
		FILM NUMBER:		161973709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8410 W BRYN MAWR AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7733998900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8410 W BRYN MAWR AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000821130-16-000103.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 usm_form10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION  

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

62-1147325  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(IRS Employer Identification No.)  

8410 West Bryn Mawr, Chicago, Illinois 60631  

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (773) 399-8900  

Yes  

No  

Indicate by check mark   whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) h  as been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

[x]  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to   be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

[x]  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the   registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

[ ]  

Accelerated filer  

[x]  

Non-accelerated filer  

[ ]  

Smaller reporting company  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

[ ]  

[x]  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Class  

Outstanding at September 30, 2016  

Common Shares, $1 par value  

51,812,225 Shares  

Series A Common   Shares, $1 par value  

33,005,877 Shares  

United States Cellular Corporation   

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016  

Index  

Page No.  

Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

1   

Executive Overview   

1   

Terms used by U.S. Cellular   

4   

Operational Overview   

5   

Financial Overview   

8   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

12   

Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis   

15   

Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis   

16   

Supplemental Information   Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

17   

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

20   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

20   

Regulatory Matters   

21   

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement   

22   

Risk Factors   

24   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

24   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

25   

Consolidated Statement of Operations   

25   

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   

26   

Consolidated Balance Sheet   

27   

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity   

29   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

31   

Controls and Procedures   

41   

Legal Proceedings   

41   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

41   

Other Information      

42   

Exhibits   

43   

Form 10-Q Cross Reference Index   

44   

Signatures   

45   

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

United States Cellular Corporation  
                            Management s Discussion and Analysis of   
                          Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Executive Overview  
              The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with   United States Cellular Corporation   s   ( U.S. Cellular     )   interim consolidated financial statements and notes included   herein  , and with the description of U.S. Cellular s business, its a  udited consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis     ( MD A )   of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in U.S. Cellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form 10-K ) for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .    Analysis of U.S. Cellular s financial results compares the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Calculated amounts and percentages are based on the underlying actual numbers rather than the numbers rounded to millions as presented.   
              This report contains statements that are not based on historical facts, including the words  believes,   anticipates,   intends,   expects  and similar words.  These statements constitute and represent  forward looking statements  as this term is defined i  n the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future re  sults, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward looking statements.    See   Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995   Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement for additional information.   
              U.S. Cellular uses certain  non-GAAP financial measur  es  throughout the MD A.  A discussion of the reason U.S. Cellular   determines these metrics to be useful   and a reconciliation   of these measures   to their most directly comparable   measures determined in accordance with accounting principles   generally accepte  d in the Unit  ed States of America ( GAAP ) are   included in the Supplemental Information   Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section w  ithin the MD A of this Form 10-Q   Report.  

1  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

General  
              U.S. Cellular     owns, operates, and invests in wireless markets   throughout the United States.      U.S. Cellular is   an   83%  -owned   subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems  , Inc. ( TDS ).  U.S. Cellular s strategy is to attract and retain wireless customers through a value proposition comprised of a hi  gh-quality network, outstanding customer service, and competitive devices, plans, and pricing, all provided with a local focus.  

OPERATIONS  

Serves   customers with   approximately   5.0   million connections including   4.5   million postpaid,     0.5     million   prepaid and 0.1 million reseller and other connections   
                              Operates in   23   states  
                              Employs approximately   6,300   employees  
                              Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois  
                              6,374   cell sites including   4,015     owned towers in service  

2  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

U.S. Cellular Mission and Strategy  
              U.S. Cellular s mission is to provide exceptional wireless communication services which enhance consumers  lives, increase the competitiveness of local businesses, and improve the efficiency of government operations in the mid-sized and rural markets serve  d.   
              In 2016, U.S. Cellular will   continue to execute on its strategies to grow revenues by increasing its customer base, driving smartphone adoption and ongoing data usage monetization.  Strategic efforts include:   
             
                   U.S. Cellular deployed 4G LTE as a result of U.S. Cellular s strategic ini  tiative to enhance its network.  4G LTE reaches 99% of postpaid connections and 98% of cell sites.  The adoption of data-centric smartphones and connected devices is driving significant growth in data traffic.  At the end of the third quarter of 2016,   77%   of postpaid connections had 4G capable devices, with the LTE network handling 90% of data traffic.  U.S. Cellular continues to devote efforts to enhance its network capabilities with the deployment of VoLTE technology and plans a mu  lti-year roll out beginning with one market in early 2017.  VoLTE, when deployed commercially, will enable customers to utilize the LTE network for both voice and data services, and will enable enhanced services such as high definition voice, video calling   and simultaneous voice and data sessions.  The deployment of VoLTE also will expand U.S. Cellular s ability to offer roaming services to additional carriers.   
                  U.S. Cellular continued to enhance its spectrum position and monetize non-strategic assets by ent  ering into multiple agreements with third parties.  Certain of these agreements involve the purchase of licenses for cash, while others involve the exchange of licenses in non-operating markets for other licenses in operating markets and cash.  As a result   of the closing of multiple exchange agreements in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, U.S. Cellular received $15 million of cash and recognized gains of $16 million.  The remaining license purchase and exchange transactions are expected to close in   the fourth quarter of 2016, at which point U.S. Cellular expects to recognize additional gains.  See Note   5       Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   for additional information related to these transactions.  
                  U.S. Cellular is focused on expanding its solutions available to business and government customers, including a growing suite of machine-to-machine solutions across various categories.  U.S. Cellul  ar will continue to enhance its advanced wireless services and connected solutions for consumer, business and government customers.  
                  U.S. Cellular is committed to continuous innovation   so as to provide customers in the markets it serves with the latest tech  nology that can enhance their lives or businesses.  During the third quarter of 2016, U.S. Cellular successfully tested 5G technology in both indoor and outdoor environments for the first time.  The company plans additional tests geared towards understandi  ng the propagation characteristics of the new technology and contributing to the development of 5G standards.  When deployed commercially, 5G technology is expected to help address customers  growing demand for data services as well as create opportunities   for new services requiring high speed and low latency.  

3  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Terms U    sed b  y U.S. Cellular  
              All defined terms in this MD A are used   as defined in the Notes to C  onsolidated   F  inancial   S  tatements, and additional terms are defined below:  
             
                  4G LTE     fourth generation Long-Term Evolution which is a wireless broadband technology.  
                  5G     fifth generation wireless broadband technology.   
                  Account     represents an individual or business   financially responsible for   one or multiple   associated connections.      A  n     account may include a variety of   types of connections such as   handsets and connected devices.  
                  Auction 97     An FCC auction of AWS-3 spectrum licenses that ended in January 2015.  
                  Auctions 1000, 1001, and 1002     Auction 1000 is an FCC auction of 600 MHz spect  rum licenses being held in 2016 involving: (1) a  reverse auction  in which broadcast television licensees submit bids to voluntarily relinquish spectrum usage rights in exchange for payments (referred to as Auction 1001); (2) a  repacking  of the broadcas  t television bands in order to free up certain broadcast spectrum for other uses; and (3) a  forward auction  of licenses for spectrum cleared through this process to be used for wireless communications (referred to as Auction 1002).  
                  Churn Rate     represent  s the percentage of the c  onnections   that disconnect service each month.  These rates represent the average monthly churn rate for each respective period.     
                  Connections   -     individual line  s   of service associated with each device activated by a customer  .  This   includes smartphones, feature phones, tablets, modems, and machine-to-machine devices.  
                  FCC     Federal Communications Commission  .  
                  Gross Additions     represents the total number of   new     connections   a  dded   during the period  , without regard to connections that wer  e terminated during that period.  
                  Machine-  to-Machin  e or M2M     technology that involves the transmission of data between networked devices, as well as the performance of actions by devices without human intervention.  U.S. Cellular sells and supports M2M sol  utions to customers, provides connectivity for M2M solutions via the U.S. Cellular network, and has partnerships with device manufacturers and software developers which offer M2M solutions.  
                  Net Additions         represents   the   total   number of new   connections   add  ed   during the period,     net of connections that were   terminate  d during that period  .   
                  Postpaid Average Billings per Account ( Postpaid   AB  PA )           non-GAAP   metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid   service   revenues   plus equipment installment plan billings   by the average number of postpaid accounts   and   by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid Average Billings per User ( Postpaid     A  B  PU )           non-GAAP   metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid   service   revenues   plus equipment installment plan billings   by the average number of postpaid   connections and   by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid   Average Revenue per Account   (   Postpaid   ARPA )     metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues by the average number of postpaid accounts   and   by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid Average Revenue per User ( Postpaid ARPU )     met  ric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service   revenue  s by the   average number of   postpaid connections     and   by the number of months in the period.    
                  Re  tail Connections     the sum of postpaid connections and prepaid connections.  
                  Smartphone Penetration     is calculated by dividing postpaid smartphone   connections by   postpaid   handset     connections  .  
                  Universal Service Fund ( USF )     A system of telecommunications   collected fees and support payments managed by the FCC intended to promote universal access to telecommunications services in the United States.  
                  VoLTE     Voice over Long-Term Evolution is a technology specification that defines the standards and procedures   for delivering voice communications and related services over 4G LTE networks.  

4  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Operational Overview  

5  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Smartphones represented   92%   and   87%   of total postpaid handset sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  As a result, s  ma  rtphone penetration increased to     78%   of     the   post  paid handset base as of   September 30, 2016  , up from   72%     a year ago.    Smartphone customers generally use more d  ata than feature phone customers, thereby driving growth in service revenues.  
                          Continued growth in customer usage related to data   services   and     products may result in increased operating expenses and the need for additional investment in spectrum, network ca  pacity and network enhancements.  

1       The     discontinuation   of the loyalty rewards points   program   had the effect of increasing   Postpaid   ARPU  /ABPU   and   Postpaid   ARPA  /ABPA   by $4.48 and $11.34 for the three months ended September 2015, respectively, and $1.50 and $3.74 for the nine months ended September 2015, respectively.  
                             
                          2    Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA are   non-GAAP financial measure  s  .  Refer to Supplementa  l Informatio  n Relating to Non-  GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for a reconciliation of this measure.  

Postpaid ARPU   and Postpaid ARPA   decreased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to the impact of the loyalty rewards points program that was discontinued in September 2015, industry-wide price competition, and discounts on shared data plans provided to customers on   equipment   installment plans and   those providing their own device at the time of activation or   renewal.    Postpaid ARPU also decreased due to growth in the number of connected devices, which on a per unit basis contribute less revenue than handsets.  These factors were partially offset by   the impacts of continued adoption of smartphones and the related increase in service revenues from data usage.    
              Equipment installment plans increase equipment sales revenue as customers pay for their wireless devices in installments at a total device pric  e that is generally higher than the device price offered to customers in conjunction with alternative plans that are   subject   to a service contract.      Equipment installment plans also have the impact of reducing service revenues as many equipment installment   plans provide for reduced monthly access charges.      In order to show the trends in total service and equipment revenues received, U.S. Cellular has presented Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA, which are calculated as Postpaid ARPU and Postpaid ARPA plus aver  age monthly equipment installment plan billings per connection and account, respectively.  

6  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Equipment installment plan billings increased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to increased adoption of equipment installment plans by postpaid customers.        Postpaid ABPU     and ABPA   decreased in 2016 as the incre  ase in equipment installment plan billings was more than offset by the   decline in   Postpaid ARPU   and ARPA   discussed above.    U.S. Cellular expects the adoption and penetration of equipment installment plans to continue to increase as plan offerings shift mor  e toward equipment installment plans.      Effective in September 2016, new postpaid handset sales to retail consumers are made under equipment installment plans; business and government customers may purchase equipment under either installment plans or altern  ative plans that are subject to a service contract.    

7  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financial Overview  

8  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

S  ervice revenues consist of:  
                         
                              Retail Service -   Charges for access, airtime, roaming, recovery of regulatory costs and value added services, including data   services and   products  
                              Inbound Roaming -   Charges to other wireless carriers whose customers use   U.S. Cellular s wireless systems when roaming  
                              Other   Primarily a  mount  s received from the Federal USF and tower rental revenues  

Equipment revenues consist of:  
                         
                              Sales of   wireless devices and related accessories to new and existing customers, agent  s, and third-party distributors  

Key components of changes in the statement of operations line items were as follows:  
              Total operating revenues  
              Service revenues   decreased     for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as a result of   (i) a   decrease   in retail service revenues   driven by the $58 million impact of the loyalty rewards program that ended in September 2015; (ii)   industry-wide price competition, including discounts on shared data plans provided to customers on equipment installment plans and those providing their own   device at the time of activation or renewal  ; and (ii  i  ) reductions in     inbound roaming revenue  s     driven by lower roaming rates.    Such reductions were partially offset by an increase in the average connections base and continued adoption of   smartphones and   shared data plans.     
                 
              Federal USF   revenue was $23 million and $69 million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively  ,     which remained flat   when comp  ared to the same periods last year  . Pursuant to the FCC s Reform Order (   Reform   Order ), U.S. Cellular s     Federal USF support was to be phased down at the rate of 20% per year beginning July 1, 2012. The Phase II Mobility Fund was not operational as of July   2014 and  , therefore, as provided by the Reform Order, the phase down was suspended at 60% of the baseline amount. U.S. Cellular will continue to receive     USF support at the 60% level until the FCC takes further action. At this time, U.S. Cellular c  annot pr  edict t  he   changes that the   FCC might make to the USF     high cost support program and, accordingly, cannot predict whether such changes will have a material adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial     condition or results of operations.      
                 
              Equipment   sales revenues   increased   for the     three months ended     September 30, 2016     when compared to   the     three months ended     September 30, 2015     due primarily to   a shift in mix to sales under equipment installment plans together with   an increase in average r  evenue per device sold under   such   plans  .    Equipment install  ment plan sales contributed $192   million and $  8  9 million during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.    
                 
              Equipment sales revenues   increased   for the     nine months ended     September   30, 2016     when compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015     due to   an overall increase in the number of devices sold, and a shift in mix to sales under equipment installment plans together with   an increase in average revenue per device sold under   such   plans  .    Equipment install  ment plan sales contributed $501   million and $  226   million during the     nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.    Equipment installment   plan connections   represented 40% and 23%   of total   postpaid connections as of   September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.  

9  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

System operations expenses  
              System operations expenses decreased by modest amounts for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods last year.  
              U.S. Cellular expects system operations expenses to increase in the future to support the continued growth in cell sites and other network facilities as it continues to add capacity, enhance quality and deploy new technologies as well as to support increas  es in total customer   data   usage.  However, these increases are expected to be offset to some extent by cost savings generated by shifting data traffic to the 4G LTE network from the 3G network.  
              Cost of equipment sold  
              Cost of equipment sold decreased for th  e   three months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   as a result of a decrease in the average cost per device sold driven by the lower cost of smartphones and to a lesser extent the lower sales of accessories.  Cost of equipment sold included $200 million and $113 million related   to equipment installment plan sales for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.    Loss on equipment  , defined as Equipment   sales revenues less Cost of equipment sold,   was $  41   million and $  114   million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  .  
              Cost of equipm  ent sold increased for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   primarily as the result of a 4% increase in devices sold, partially offset by a decrease in the average cost per device sold.  Cost of equipment sold included $534 million and $305 million related   to equipment installment plan sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.    Loss on equipment     was $  144   million and $  318   million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
              Selling, general and administrative expenses  
              Sell  ing, general and administrative expenses decreased by modest amounts for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to   the same periods last year.  This decrease was attributable to various expense reductions that were partially offset by a $13 million expense recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the termination of a naming rights agreeme  nt.   
              Depreciation, amortization, and accretion   expenses  
              The increase  s   in     Depreciation, amortization, and accretion expenses   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2  016   were mainly driven by the increase in amortization expense related to billing system upgrades.  
              (Gain) loss on   asset disposals  , net  
              The increases in Loss on asset disposals were primarily driven by more disposals of certain network assets during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods last year.  
              (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net  
              The net gain for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was due primarily to a $108 million gain recognized on sale of towers and certain related contracts, as  sets and liabilities.  
               (Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges  , net  
              The net gains in   2016   and   2015   were due to gains recognized on license exchange transactions with third parties.    See   Note 5     Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges     in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.          

10  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Equity in earnings of   unconsolidated entities  
              Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities r  epresents U.S. Cellular s share of net income from entities in which it has a noncontrolling interest and that are accounted for by the equity method.    U.S. Cellular s investment in the   Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership ( LA Partnership ) contributed $17 million and $19 million to Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and $57 million and $58 million for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  
              See Note   7       Investments in Unconsolidated Entities   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information  .  
              Interest and dividend income  
              Interest and dividend income increased due to imputed interest income   recognized on equipment installment plans   of $  13 million   and $  9 million during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, an  d $37 million and $24 million during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively  .        
              See   Note   3       Equipment Installment Plans   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.        
              Interest expense  
              The increase in Interest expense for the     three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily driven by U.S. Cellular s issuance of $300 million of 7.25% Senior Notes due 2064 in November 2015 and borrowing of $225   million on its senior term loan facility that was drawn in July 2015.   
              Income tax expense  
              U.S. Cellular s effective tax rate on Income before income taxes for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was 46.0% and 41.4  %  , respectively, and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was 38.5%   and 39.2%  , respectively.    The effective tax rates for the three and nine month periods primarily reflect a normalized combined rate of federal and state taxes, but are also affected by certain discrete items in   each period which increase or decrease the effective tax rate for each period.  Because certain discrete items are not annualized, these rates may not be indicative of the annual rate for 2016.  
              Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of ta  x  
              The decrease for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is due primarily to lower income from certain partnerships in 2016.       

11  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Liquidity and Capital   Resources    
              Sources of Liquidity  
              U.S. Cellular operates a capital-intensive business.  Historically, U.S. Cellular has used internally-generated funds and also has obtained substantial funds from external sources for general corporate purposes.  In the past,   U.S. Cellular s existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facility, funds from other financing sources, including a term loan and other long-term debt, and cash flows from operating, investing and financing activiti  es, including sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for U.S. Cellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement of markets and to f  und acquisitions, primarily of spectrum licenses.  There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future.    
              U.S. Cellular believes that existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facility, and expected cash f  lows from operating and investing activities provide liquidity for U.S. Cellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements for the coming year.    Although U.S. Cellular currently has a significant cash balance, in certain r  ecent periods, U.S. Cellular has incurred negative free cash flow (  defined as Cash flows from operating activities   less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment) and this will continue in the future if operating results do not improve or ca  pital expenditures are not reduced.  U.S. Cellular   currently expects to have negative free cash flow in 2016 due to anticipated growth in equipment installment plan receivables combined with significant capital expenditures.    
              U.S. Cellular   may require sub  stantial additional capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operating needs, working capital, acquisitions of providers of wireless telecommunications services, spectrum license or system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expa  nsion, debt service requirements, the repurchase of shares, the payment of dividends, or making additional investments.    It may be necessary from time-to-time to increase the size of the existing revolving credit facility, to put in place a new credit faci  lity, or to obtain other forms of financing in order to fund potential expenditures.  U.S. Cellular s liquidity would be adversely affected if, among other things, U.S. Cellular is unable to obtain short or long-term financing on acceptable terms, U.S. Cel  lular makes significant spectrum license purchases in FCC auctions or from other parties, the LA Partnership discontinues or reduces distributions compared to historical levels, or Federal USF and/or other regulatory support payments continue to decline.    In addition, although sales of assets or businesses by U.S. Cellular have been an important source of liquidity in recent periods, U.S. Cellular does not expect a similar level of such sales in the future, which will reduce a source of liquidity.    In recen  t years, U.S. Cellular s credit rating has declined to sub-investment grade.        
              There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to U.S. Cellular or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to U.S. Cellular.  Insuffic  ient cash flows from operating activities, further changes in its credit ratings, defaults of the terms of debt or credit agreements, uncertainty of access to capital, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn   limits their ability to borrow and lend, other changes in the performance of U.S. Cellular or in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to U.S. Cellular, which could require U  .S. Cellular to reduce its acquisition, capital expenditure and business development programs  , reduce the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases and/or the payment of dividends  .   U.S. Cellular cannot provide assurance t  hat circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or capital resources will not occur.  Any of the foregoing would have an adverse impact on U.S. Cellular s businesses, financial condition or results of operations.    
              Cash and Cas  h Equivalents  
              Cash and cash equivalents include cash and money market investments  .      The primary objective of U.S. Cellular s Cash and cash equivalents   is for use in its operations and acquisition, capital expenditure and business development programs  .  

A  t   September 30, 2016  , U.S. Cellular s cash and cash equivalents   totaled $  674   million   compared to $  715   million at   December 31, 2015  .  T  he majority of U.S. Cellular s Cash and cash equivalents w  as   held in bank deposit accounts and in money market funds that invest exclusively in U.S. Treasury Notes or in repurchase agreements fully collateralized by such oblig  ations.      U.S. Cellular monitors the financial viability of the money market funds and direct investments in which it invests and believes that the credit risk associated with these investments is low.  

12  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financing  
              U.S. Cellular has a revolving credit facility available for general corporate purposes.    I  n June 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into a new $  300   million revolving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties.    As a result   of the new agreement, U.S. Cellular s revolving credit agreement due to expire in December 2017 was terminated.    Amounts under the new revolving credit facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time-to-time until maturity in June 2021.    Certain   U.S. Cellular wholly-owned subsidiaries have jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of U.S. Cellular under the revolving credit agreement.  As of   September 30,   2016  , there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, except for letters of credit, and   U.S. Cellular s unused capacity under its revolving credit facility   was $  284   million  .  The continued availabilit  y of the new revolving credit facility requires U.S. Cellular to comply with certain negative and affirmative covenants, maintain certain financial ratios and provide representations on certain matters at the time of each borrowing.  See Note   8       Debt     in the   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information  .  
              In June 2016, U.S. Cellular also amended and restated its senior term loan credit facility.  Certain modifications were made to the financial covenants and subsidiary guarantees were added in order to align with the new revolving credit agreement.  There w  ere no significant changes to the maturity date or other key terms of the agreement.    
              U.S. Cellular believes it was in compliance with all of the financial covenants and requirements set forth in its revolving credit facility   and the senior term loan cred  it facility   as of   September 30, 2016  .  
              U.S. Cellular has in place an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to issue senior or subordinated debt securities.  
              The proceeds from any of the aforementioned fi  nancing facilities are available for general corporate purposes, including spectrum purchases and capital expenditures.  
              The long-term debt payments due for the remainder of   2016   and the next four years represent less than   3%   of U.S. Cellular s total long-term debt obligation measured as of   September 30, 2016  .  
              Capital Expenditures  
              Capital expenditures (i.e., additions to property, plant and equipment and sy  stem development expenditures), which   in  clude   accruals and capitalized interest  , in   2016   and   2015     were as follows:  

U.S. Cellular s   capital expenditures for   2016   are expected to be   approximately $500 million  .  These expenditures are expected to be for the following general purposes:    
                             
                                  Expand and enhance network coverage, including construction of a new regional c  onnectivity center   and provide   additional capacity to accommodate increased network usage, principally data usage, by current customers;  
                                  Deploy VoLTE technology;  
                                  Expand and enhance the retail store network; and  
                                  Develop and enhance business systems.  

U.S. Cellular plans to f  inance its capital expenditures program for   2016   using primarily Cash flows from operating activities and, as necessary, existing cash balances and borrowings under its revolving credit agreement and/or other long-  term debt.  
              Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges  
              U  .S.     Cellular may be engaged from time-to-time in negotiations relating to the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, properties or wireless spectrum.  In general, U.S. Cellular may not disclo  se such transactions until there is a definitive agreement.  U.S.     Cellular assesses its existing wireless interests on an ongoing basis with a goal of improving the competitiveness of its operations and maximizing its long-term return on capital.  As part   of this strategy, U.S.     Cellular reviews attractive opportunities to acquire additional wireless operating markets and wireless spectrum, including pursuant to FCC auctions.      U.S.     Cellular also may seek to divest outright or include in exchanges for other w  ireless interests those interests that are not strategic to its long-term success.    

13  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

On July 15, 2016, the FCC announced U.S. Cellular as a qualified bidder in the FCC s   forward auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 100  2  ,   which then co  mmenced on August 16, 2016  .      In recent FCC auctions, U.S. Cellular has not been a bidder, but has participated as a limited partner in  designated entities  that qualified for a 25% bidding credit on licenses won in the auction.  U.S. Cellular will not par  ticipate through a designated   entity in Auction 1002.  See    Regulatory Matters   FCC Auction 100  2  .       Prior to becoming a qualified bidder, U.S. Cellular   was required to   make an upfront payment, the size of which establishe  d   its initial bidding eligibility  .        Accordingly, i  n   the second quarter of   2016, U.S. Cellular made an upfront payment to the FCC of   $  143   m  illion.      If U.S. Cellular   becomes   a winning bidder in the auction, it   could   be required to make additional payments to the FCC tha  t   could   be substantial.      In such event, U.S. Cellular   could   finance such payments from its existing cash balances, borrowings under its revolving credit agreement and/or additional long-term debt.      Further, if U.S. Cellular is not the winning bidder   for   an  y licenses, or   is   the winning bidder   for   licenses with an aggregate bid price that is less than the upfront payment, all or a portion of the upfront payment will be refunded to U.S. Cellular.  
              In 2015 and 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into multiple spectrum l  icense purchase agreements.  The aggregate purchase price for these spectrum licenses is $  56   million, of which $  46   million closed in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  In 2016, U.S. Cellular also entered into multiple agreements with third parties to transfer FCC licenses in non-operating markets and receive FCC licenses in operating markets.  The agreements   provide for the transfer of certain AWS and PCS spectrum licenses and approximately $  29   million, net, in cash to U.S. Cellular, in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certain AWS, PCS and 700 MHz spectrum licenses to the thir  d parties.    Through September 30, 2016, certain of the exchange transactions have closed and   U.S. Cellular   has   received $  15   million of cash   in conjunction with such closed transactions  .  The remaining license purchase and exchang  e transactions are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  See Note   5       Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges     in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional   information related to these transactions.  
              Variable Interest Entities  
              U.S.     Cellular consolidates certain entities   as    variable interest entities  under GAAP.      See Note     9       Va  riable Interest Entities   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for   additional information related to   these variable interest entities.      U.S.     Cellular may elect to make capital contributions and/or advances to variable interest entities in or  der to fund their operations.  
              Common Share Repurchase Program  
              U.S.     Cellular has repurchased and expects to continue to repurchase its Common Shares, subject to   its   repurchase program.    Share repurchases made under this program in   2016   and   2015   were as follows:  

For additional information related to the current repurchase authorization  , see   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and U  se of Proceeds.  
              Contractual and Other Obligations  
              There w  ere   no material change  s outside the   ordinary course of business     between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016     to the Contractual and Other Obligations disclosed in Man  agement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
              Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
              U.S.     Cellular had no transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements with unconsolidated entities involving  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined by   SEC   rules, that had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect   on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.    

14  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis  
              U.S. Cellular operates a capital- and marketing-intensive busines  s.    U.S. Cellular makes substantial investments to acquire wireless licenses and properties and to construct and upgrade wireless telecommunications networks and facilities as a basis for creating long-term value for shareholders.  In recent years, rapid c  hanges in technology and new opportunities have required substantial investments in potentially revenue     enhancing and cost-reducing upgrades to U.S. Cellular s   networks.    U.S. Cellular utilizes cash on hand, cash from operating activities, cash proceeds fr  om divestitures and dispositions of investments, short-term credit facilities and long-term debt financing to fund its acquisitions (including licenses), construction costs, operating expenses and share repurchases.  Cash flows may fluctuate from quarter-t  o-quarter and year-to-year due to seasonality, the timing of acquisitions and divestitures, capital expenditures and other factors.  The following discussion summarizes U.S. Cellular s cash flow activities for the   nin  e months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
              2016   Commentary  
              U.S. Cellular s Cash and cash equivalents decreased $  41   million in 2016.  Net cash provided by operating activities was $  415   million in 2016 due primarily to net income of $  54   million plus non-cash items of $  450   million and distributions received from unconsolidated entities of $  55   million, including a $10 million distribution from the LA Partnership.  This was partially offset by changes in working capital items which decreased cash by $  144   million.  The decrease in working capital items was due primarily to a $  160   million increase in equipment installment plan receivables, which are expected to continue to increase and further require the use of   working capital in the near term.      This was partially offset by a federal tax refund of $28 million related to an overpayment of the 2015 tax liability, which resulted from the enactment of federal bonus depreciation in December 2015.    
              The net cash provid  ed by operating activities was offset by Cash flows used for investing activities of $  449   million.  Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $  280   million.  In June 2016, U.S. Cellular made   a deposit of $  143   million to the FCC for its participation in Auction 1002.  Cash paid for acquisitions and licenses in 2016 was $  46   million partially offset by Cash received from divestitures and exchanges of $  20   million.  See Note   5       Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these transacti  ons.  
              Cash flows   used for   financing activities were $  7   million, reflecting ordinary activity such as scheduled repayments of debt.  
              2015   Commentary  
              U.S. Cellular s Cash and cash equivalents increased $  385   million in 2015.  Net cash provided by operating activities   w  as   $  555   million in   2015   due to net income   of $  250   million plus non-cash items of $  168   million, distributions received of $  45   million and positive changes in w  orking capital   items of $  92   million  .        The LA P  artnership did not make a distribution in 2015.  
              Cash flows   used for   investing activities were $  377   million in   2015  .    Cash   paid   for additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $  407   million in 2015.      During 2015, a $278     million payment was made by Advantage Spectrum L.P.   (see Note 9   Variable Interest Entities in the Notes to Co  nsolidated Financial Statements)   to the FCC for licenses for which it was the provisional winning bidder   in Auction 97  .      Cash received from divestitures and exchanges in   2015   included $  145   million related to licenses and $  142   million related to the sale of 359 towers and certain related contracts, assets and liabilities.    
              Cash flows   from   financing activities were $  207   million due primarily to U.S. Cellular borrowing $  225   million on its senior term loan credit facility in July 2015.   
              Other Information  
              In October 2016, U.S. Cellular was informed by the general partner of the   LA Partnership that U.S. Cellular will receive a distribution of $19 million in November 2016.  

15  

Ta  ble of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis  
              The following discussion addresses certain captions in the consolidated balance sheet and changes therein.  This discussion is intended to highlight the significant changes and is not intended to fully reconcile the changes.  Changes in financial condition   during   2016   are as follows:  
              Other current assets  
              Other current assets decreased $  30   million due primarily to the receipt of a federal income tax refund of $  28   million in March   2016  .  
              A  ssets held for sale  
              Assets held for sale increased   $  16   million due to reclassification of Licenses to this account as a result of exchan  ges with third parties.  The license exchange agreements are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  See Note   5           Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consol  idated Financial Statements for additional information.  
              Other assets and deferred charges  
              Other assets and deferred charges increased   $  195   million due primarily to an upfront payment of $  143   million to the FCC to establish U.S. Cellular s initial bidding eligibility for its participation in Auction 1002 and a $  75   million increase in the long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivabl  es, net, due to the offering of longer term equipment installment plan contracts and the increased adoption of such contracts. See Note   3         Equipment Installment Plans   and   Note   5           Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these balances.  
              Other current liabilities   
              Other current liabilities decreased $  27   million due primarily to a decline in the amounts due to agents driven by lower sales volume and   mix shift to lower cost devices.    

16  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
              U.S. Cellular     sometimes uses     information derived   from consolidated financial information but not presented in     its     financial statements prepared in accordance with     U.S.     GAAP to evaluate the performance of     its     business.      Certain of these measures are considered  non-GAAP financial measures  under U.S. Sec  urities and Exchange Commission Rules.      Specifically,     U.S. Cellular     has     referred to the following measures in this Form 10-Q Report:  
             
                  EBITDA  
                  Adjusted EBITDA  
                  Operating cash flow  
                  Free cash flow  
                  Adjusted free cash flow  
                  Postpaid ABPU  

Postpaid ABPA  
             
              Following are   explanations of each of these measures.  
              Adjusted EBITDA and Operating Cash Flow  
              Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion) is defined as net income adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation bel  ow.      Operating cash flow is defined as net income adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation below.      Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to Ne  t income or Cash flows from operating activities, as indicators of cash flows or as measures of liquidity.  U.S. Cellular does not intend to imply that any such items set forth in the reconciliation below are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual; such item  s may occur in the future.  
              Management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow as measurements of profitability, and therefore reconciliations to Net income are deemed appropriate.  Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow are useful   measures of U.S. Cellular s operating results before significant recurring non-cash charges, gains and losses, and other items as presented below as they provide additional relevant and useful information to investors and other users of U.S. Cellular s fi  nancial data in evaluating the effectiveness of its operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance.  Adjusted EBITDA shows adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation  , amortization and accretion, and gains and losses, while Operating cash flow reduces this measure further to exclude Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities and Interest and dividend income in order to more effectively show the performance of operat  ing activities excluding investment activities.  The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow to the corresponding GAAP measure, Net income.    

17  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

18  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
              The following table presents     Free cash flow and     Adjust  ed free cash flow.      Management uses   Free cash flow as a liquidity measure and it is defined as     Cash flows from operating activities     less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.        Adjusted free cash flow is defined as Cash flows from operat  ing activities (which includes cash outflows related to the Sprint decommissioning), as adjusted for cash proceeds from the Sprint Cost Reimbursement (which are included in Cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows),   less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.        Free cash flow and     Adjusted free cash flow     are non-GAAP financial measures     which U.S. Cellular believes may be useful to investors and other users of its financial information in evaluating li  quidity, specifically, the amount of cash generated by business operations (including cash proceeds from the Sprint Cost Reimbursement), after Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.  

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

2016  

2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Cash flows from operating activities (GAAP)  

$  

415     

$  

555     

Less: Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment  

280     

407     

Free cash flow (Non-GAAP)  

$  

135     

$  

148     

Add: Sprint Cost Reimbursement  1  

5     

28     

Adjusted   free cash flow (Non-GAAP)  

$  

140     

$  

176     

1  

On May 16, 2013, pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement, U.S. Cellular sold customers and certain PCS spectrum licenses to subsidiaries of Sprint Corp. fka Sprint Nextel Corporation ( Sprint ) in U.S.   Cellular s Chicago, central Illinois, St. Louis and certain Indiana/Michigan/Ohio markets in consideration for $480 million in cash.  The Purchase and Sale Agreement also contemplated certain other agreements.  These agreements require Sprint to reimburse   U.S. Cellular up to $200 million (the  Sprint Cost Reimbursement ) for certain network decommissioning costs, network site lease rent and termination costs, network access termination costs, and employee termination benefits for specified engineering emplo  yees.  

19  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA  
              U.S. Cellular presents Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA to reflect the revenue shift from Service revenues to Equipment sales resulting from the increased adoption of equipment installment plans.  Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA, as previously defined, are   non-GAAP financial measures which U.S. Cellular believes are useful to investors and other users of its financial information in showing trends in both service and equipment sales revenues received from customers.    

Application   of Critical Accounting Policies a  nd Estimates    
              U.S. Cellular   prepares its consolidated financial statemen  ts in accordance   with GAAP.      U.S. Cellular s   significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the Notes to Consolidat  ed Financial Statements and U.S. Cellular s   Applicati  on of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates is discussed in detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, b  oth of which are included in U.S. Cellular     s   Form     10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There   were no material changes to U.S. Cellular s   application of critical accounting policies and estimates during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  
                   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
              See Note   1       Basis of Presentation   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information   on recent accounting pronouncements.  

20  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Regulatory Matters    
              The discussion below includes updates related to recent regulatory developments.      These updates should be read in conjunction with the disclosures previously provided under  Regulatory Matters  in U.S. Cellular s Form 10  -K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
              FCC Auction 1002  
              On July 15, 2016, the FCC announced   U.S. Cellular   as a qualified bidder   in the FCC s forward auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 10  02. The first stage of forward auction bidding began on August 16, 2016 and ended on August 30, 2016 when the forward auction failed to reach the reserve price established by the FCC based on the first stage reverse auction.  The second stage of the revers  e auction began on September 13, 2016 and   was   followed by a second stage forward auction   which began and ended on October 19, 2016.  As   necessary, the FCC will run additional reverse and forward auctions that will result in progressively lower prices in ea  ch reverse auction and less available spectrum for wireless carriers in each forward auction, until the prices in the reverse and forward auctions clear.  Following a final and successful stage of the forward auction, the FCC will conduct an Assignment Pha  se Auction to assign specific frequencies to winners of licenses.  It is expected that this process will continue into 2017.  As a result of its   application to participate in Auction 1002  , since February 10, 2016,   U.S. Cellular   has been subject to FCC anti  -collusion rules that place certain restrictions on public disclosures and business communications with other companies relating to U.S. Cellular s participation.  These restrictions will continue until the down payment deadline for Auction 1002, which wil  l be ten business days after release of the FCC s Channel Reassignment Public Notice, following the end of the auction.        These anti-collusion rules, which could last   a year   or more from     February 10, 2016, may restrict the conduct of certain   U.S. Cellular   a  ctivities with other auction applicants as well as with nationwide providers of wireless services which are not applicants.        The restrictions could have an adverse effect on   U.S. Cellular s   business, financial condition or results of operations.   
              FCC Net N  eutrality Order  
              U.S. Cellular previously disclosed that the FCC adopted rules relating to net neutrality which reclassified broadband internet access service under Title II, and that lawsuits had bee  n filed challenging such rules and reclassification.  In   June 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld the FCC s rules and reclassification  .  A request for a rehearing of this decision was filed in July 2016  ,   and   it is expected that this court decision   also   will be appealed and   subject to further proceedings.  U  .S. Cellular cannot predict the outcome of any further proceedings or the impact on its business.  

21  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of     1995  
               Safe Harbor Cautionary   Statement   
                 
              This Form 10-Q, including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements, other than statements   of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that U.S. Cellular intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements.  The words  believes,   anticipat  es,   estimates,   expects,   plans,   intends,   projects  and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them.  Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown r  isks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Such risks, uncertainties an  d other factors include those set forth below, as more fully described under  Risk Factors  in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  However, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document.    Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements.  U.S. Cellular undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  , future events or otherwise.  You should carefully consider the Risk Factors in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the following factors and other information contained in, or incorpor  ated by reference into, this Form 10-Q to understand the material risks relating to U.S. Cellular s business.  
             
                   Intense competition in the markets in which U.S. Cellular operates could adversely affect U.S. Cellular s revenues or increase its costs to compet  e.   
                  A failure by U.S. Cellular to successfully execute its business strategy (including planned acquisitions,   spectrum acquisitions,   divestitures and exchanges) or allocate resources or capital could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, finan  cial condition or results of operations.  
                  Uncertainty in U.S. Cellular s future cash flow and liquidity or in the ability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, other changes in U.S. Cellular s performance or market conditions, changes in   U.S. Cellular s credit ratings or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to U.S. Cellular, which could require U.S. Cellular to reduce its construction, development or acquisition programs, reduce   the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases.  
                  U.S. Cellular has a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial performance and in turn adversely affect its ability to make payments on its   indebtedness, comply with terms of debt covenants and incur additional debt.  
                  Changes in roaming practices or other factors could cause U.S. Cellular s roaming revenues to decline from current levels, roaming expenses to increase from current levels and/or   impact U.S. Cellular s ability to service its customers in geographic areas where U.S. Cellular does not have its own network, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.     
                  A failure by U.S.   Cellular to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio spectrum could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operat  ions.  
                  To the extent conducted by the FCC, U.S. Cellular may participate in FCC auctions of additional spectrum in the future directly or indirectly and, during certain periods, will be subject to the FCC s anti-collusion rules, which could have an adverse   effect on U.S.     Cellular.  
                  Changes in the regulatory environment or a failure by U.S.     Cellular to timely or fully comply with any applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect U.S.     Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations  .  
                  An inability to attract people of outstanding potential, to develop their potential through education and assignments, and to retain them by keeping them engaged, challenged and properly rewarded could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business,   financial condition or results of operations.  
                  U.S.     Cellular s assets are concentrated in the U.S.     wireless telecommunications industry. Consequently, its operating results may fluctuate based on factors related primarily to conditions in this industry.  
                  U.S  . Cellular s smaller scale relative to larger competitors that may have much greater financial and other resources than U.S. Cellular could cause U.S. Cellular to be unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect its business, financial condi  tion or results of operations.  
                  Changes in various business factors, including changes in demand, customer preferences and perceptions, price competition, churn from customer switching activity and other factors, could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellula  r s business, financial condition or results of operations.       

22  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Advances or changes in technology could render certain technologies used by U.S.     Cellular obsolete, could put U.S. Cellular at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce U.S.     Cellular s revenues or   could increase its costs of doing business.  
                  Complexities associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk and U.S. Cellular investments in unproven technologies may not produce the benefits that U.S. Cellular expects.  
                  U.S. Cellular rece  ives regulatory support and is subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of the support and fees are subject to great uncertainty.     
                  Performance under device purchase agreements c  ould have a material adverse impact on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.     
                  Changes in U.S.     Cellular s enterprise value, changes in the market supply or demand for wireless licenses, adverse developments in the business   or the industry in which U.S.     Cellular is involved and/or other factors could require U.S.     Cellular to recognize impairments in the carrying value of its licenses, goodwill and/or physical assets.  
                  Costs, integration problems or other factors associated wit  h acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges of properties or licenses and/or expansion of U.S.     Cellular s business could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  U.S. Cellular offers customers the opti  on to purchase certain devices under installment contracts which, compared to fixed-term service contracts, includes risks that U.S. Cellular may possibly incur greater churn, lower cash flows, increased costs and/or increased bad debt  s   expense due to diff  erences in contract terms, which could have an adverse impact on U.S. Cellular s financial condition or results of operations.  
                  A failure by U.S.     Cellular to complete significant network construction and systems implementation activities as part of its plan  s to improve the quality, coverage, capabilities and capacity of its network, support and other systems and infrastructure could have an adverse effect on its operations.     
                  Difficulties involving third parties with which U.S. Cellular does business, includi  ng changes in U.S. Cellular s relationships with or financial or operational difficulties of key suppliers or independent agents and third party national retailers who market U.S. Cellular s services, could adversely affect U.S.     Cellular s business, financ  ial condition or results of operations.  
                  U.S.     Cellular has significant investments in entities that it does not control.  Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellular s financial condition or results of operations.  
                  A   failure by U.S. Cellular to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology, or a material disruption thereof, could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.     
                  U.S.   Cellular has experienced and, in the future, expects to experience cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security of varying degrees on a regular basis, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financi  al condition or results of operations.  
                  The market price of U.S.     Cellular s Common Shares is subject to fluctuations due to a variety of factors.  
                  Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information, could require U.S.     Cellular to   record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, which could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Disruption in credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S.   or global economic conditions or other events could, among other things, impede U.S. Cellular s access to or increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows,   which would have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Settlements, judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or legal costs resulting from pending and future litigat  ion could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  The possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from   wireless devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health consequences, including cancer or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices such as pacemakers, could have an adverse effect on U.S.     Cellular s business, financial condition or   results of operations.  
                  Claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent U.S. Cellular from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject   U.S. Cellular to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  There are potential conflicts of interests between TDS and U.S  .     Cellular.       

23  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Certain matters, such as control by TDS and provisions in the U.S.     Cellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of U.S.     Cellular.  
                  Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues,   earnings, capital expenditures and/or any other financial or statistical information to vary from U.S.     Cellular s forward-looking estimates by a material amount.    
             
                   Risk Factors   
              In addition to the information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should car  efully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in U.S. Cellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which could materially affec  t U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition or future results.  The risks described in this Form 10-Q and the Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , may not be the only risks that could affect U.S. Cellular.  Additional unidentified or unrecognized risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect U.S. Cellular s business, financial condition and/or operating results.  Subject to the foregoin  g, U.S. Cellular has not identified for disclosure any material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in U.S. Cellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
                 Quantitative a  nd Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
              MARKET RISK  
              Refer to the disclosure under Market Risk in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for additional information, including information   regarding required principal payments and the weighted average interest rates related to U.S. Cellular s Long-term debt.  There have been no material changes to such information since   December 31, 2015  .    See Note   8       Debt   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for   additional information.  
              See Note   2       Fair Value Measurements   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the fa  ir value of U.S. Cellular s L  ong-term debt as of     September 30, 2016  .    

24  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financial Statements  
              United States Cellular Corpor  ation  
               Consolidated Statement of Operations   
              (Unaudited)  

25  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

United States Cellular Corporation  
               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   
              (Unaudited)  

Nine Months Ended  

September 30,  

2016  

2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Cash flows from operating activities  

Net income  

$  

54     

$  

250     

Add (deduct) adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows  

from operating   activities  

Depreciation, amortization and accretion   

462     

450     

Bad debts expense  

69     

78     

Stock-based compensation expense  

19     

18     

Deferred income taxes, net  

11     

(20)  

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities   

(110)  

(110)  

Distributions from unconsolidated entities  

55     

45     

(Gain) loss on asset disposals, net  

16     

12     

(Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net  

(114)  

(Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges, net  

(16)  

(147)  

Noncash interest expense  

1     

1     

Other operating activities  

(2)  

Changes in assets and liabilities from operations  

Accounts receivable  

1     

(54)  

Equipment installment plans receivable  

(160)  

(96)  

Inventory  

2     

91     

Accounts   payable  

45     

117     

Customer deposits and deferred revenues  

(41)  

(51)  

Accrued taxes  

38     

161     

Accrued interest  

7     

11     

Other assets and liabilities  

(36)  

(87)  

Net cash provided by operating activities  

415     

555     

Cash   flows from investing activities  

Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment  

(280)  

(407)  

Cash paid for acquisitions and licenses  

(46)  

(286)  

Cash received from divestitures and exchanges  

20     

314     

Federal Communications   Commission deposit  

(143)  

Other investing activities  

2     

Net cash used in investing activities  

(449)  

(377)  

Cash flows from financing activities  

Issuance of long-term debt  

225     

Repayment of long-term debt  

(8)  

Common shares reissued for benefit plans, net of tax payments  

4     

(1)  

Common shares repurchased  

(2)  

(4)  

Payment of debt issuance costs  

(2)  

(3)  

Acquisition of assets in common control transaction  

(2)  

Distributions to noncontrolling   interests  

(1)  

(6)  

Other financing activities  

2     

(2)  

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  

(7)  

207     

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  

(41)  

385     

Cash and cash equivalents  

Beginning of period  

715     

212     

End of period  

$  

674     

$  

597     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

26  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

United States Cellular Corporation  
               Consolidated Balance Sheet      Assets  
                 (Unaudited)  

27  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

United States Cellular Corporation  
              Consolidated Balance Sheet   Liabilities and Equity  
                 (Unaudited)  

28  

Table of Contents   

United States Cellular Corporation  
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in   Equity  
              (Unaudited)  

29  

Table of Contents   

United States Cellular Corporation  
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in   Equity  
              (Unaudited)  

30  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

United States Cellular Corporation   
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
                 
              Note   1     Basis of Presentation  
              United States Cellular Corporation ( U.S. Cellular ), a Delaware corporation, is an   83%  -owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. ( TDS ).  
               The accounting policies of U.S. Cellular conform to accounting principles generall  y accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ).  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of U.S. Cellular, subsidiaries in w  hich it has a controlling financial interest, general partnerships in which U.S. Cellular has a majority partnership interest and certain entities in which U.S. Cellular has a variable interest that require consolidation under GAAP.      All material intercomp  any accounts and transactions have been eliminated.   
               The unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by U.S. Cellular pursuant to the rules     and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Certain inform  ation and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules     and regulations.  However, U.S. Cellular believes that the disclosures included herein are adequate to ma  ke the information presented not misleading.      Calculated amounts and percentages are based on the underlying actual numbers rather than the numbers rounded to millions as presented.  These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conju  nction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in U.S. Cellular s Annual Report on Form     10-K ( Form     10-K ) for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
              The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring items, unless otherwise disclosed) necessary for the fair statement of U.S. Cellular s financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , its results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and its cash flows and changes in equity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income was not included because comprehensive income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   equaled net income.      These results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  
              Recently Issued Accounting Pronou  ncements  
               In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ) and has since amended the standard with Accounting Standards Update 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of   the Effective Date,   Accounting Standards Update 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),   Accounting Standards Update 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identif  ying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   and Accounting Standards Update 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.    These standards replace existing revenue recognition rules with a single compre  hensive model to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2014-09, as amended, on January 1, 2018.  Early adoption as of January 1, 2017 is permitted; however, U.S. Cellular does not inten  d to adopt early.  ASU 2014-09, as amended, impacts U.S. Cellular s revenue recognition related to the allocation of contract revenues between various services and equipment, and the timing of when those revenues are recognized.  In addition, the new requi  rements require deferral of incremental contract acquisition and fulfillment costs and subsequent expense recognition over the contract period or expected customer life.  U.S. Cellular expects to transition to the new standard under the modified retrospect  ive transition method whereby a cumulative effect adjustment is recognized upon adoption and the guidance is applied prospectively.  U.S. Cellular is currently evaluating the guidance, developing its implementation plan, and evaluating the effects ASU 2014  -09, as amended, will have on its financial position and results of operations upon adoption.   
              In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   ( ASU 20  14-15 ).  ASU 2014-15 requires U.S. Cellular to assess its ability to continue as a going concern each interim and annual reporting period and provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going conce  rn, including management s plan to alleviate the substantial doubt.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt the provisions of ASU 2014-15 for the annual period ending December 31, 2016.  The adoption of ASU 2014-15 will not impact U.S. Cellular s financial pos  ition or results of operations but may impact future disclosures.  
              In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11,   Inventory: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ), which requires inventory to be measured at the lower o  f cost or net realizable value.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2015-11 on January 1, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on U.S. Cellular s financial position or results of   operations.  
              In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01,     Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities     ( ASU 2016-01 ).      This ASU introduces changes to current accounting   for equity investments and financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.      U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-01 on January 1, 2018.      Certain provisions are eligible f  or early adoption.      The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a significant impact on U.S. Cellular s financial position or results of operations.    

31  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02,   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to record a right-of-use asset and lease liability for almost all leases.  This ASU does not substantially impact lessor accounting.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019.  Early   adoption is permitted.  Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, U.S. Cellular expects a substantial increase to assets and liabilities on its balance sheet.  U.S. Cellular is evaluating the full effects that adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial positio  n and results of operations.  
              In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-04,   Liabilities   Extinguishments of Liabilities: Recognition of Breakage from Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products   ( ASU 2016-04 ).      ASU 2016-04 requires compani  es that sell prepaid stored-value products redeemable for goods, services or cash at third-party merchants to recognize breakage (i.e., the value that is ultimately not redeemed by the consumer) in a way that is consistent with how it will be recognized un  der the new revenue recognition standard.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-04 on January 1, 2018.      Early adoption is permitted.      The adoption of ASU 2016-04 is not expected to have a significant impact on U.S. Cellular s financial position or r  esults of operations.  
              In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ).  ASU 2016-09 intends to simplify the accounting for share-  based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  U.S. Cellular will adopt ASU 2016-09 on January 1, 2017.  The adoption of ASU 2  016-09 is not expected to have a significant impact on U.S. Cellular s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  
              In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit   Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ).  ASU 2016-13 requires entities to use a new forward-looking, expected loss model to estimate credit losses.  It also requires additional disclosure relating to the credit quality of trade and other receivables, including information relat  ing to management s estimate of credit allowances.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020.  Early adoption as of January 1, 2019 is permitted.  U.S. Cellular is evaluating the effects that adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on it  s financial position, results of operations and disclosures.  
              In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ).  ASU 2016-15 provides guid  ance on eight targeted cash flow classification issues.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-15 on January 1, 2018.  U.S. Cellular is evaluating the effects that adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on its statement of cash flows.  
              In October 2016, the   FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-16,   Income Taxes:     Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory   ( ASU 2016-16 ).  ASU 2016-16 impacts the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than invent  ory when the transfer occurs between entities in different tax jurisdictions.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-16 on January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of ASU 2016-16 is not expected to have a significant impact on U.S  . Cellular s financial position or results of operations.  
              In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-17,   Consolidation:     Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control   ( ASU 2016-17 ).  ASU 2016-17 provides guida  nce on how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE should treat indirect interests in an entity held through related parties that are under common control.  U.S. Cellular is required to adopt ASU 2016-17 on January 1, 2017.  Early ado  ption is permitted.  U.S. Cellular is evaluating the effects that adoption of ASU 2016-17 will have on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures.  
              Amounts Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities  
              U.S. Cellular re  cords amounts collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities net within a tax liability account if the tax is assessed upon the customer and U.S. Cellular merely acts as an agent in collecting the tax on behalf of the imposing government  al authority.  If the tax is assessed upon U.S. Cellular, then amounts collected from customers as recovery of the tax are recorded in Service revenues and amounts remitted to governmental authorities are recorded in Selling, general and administrative exp  enses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  The amounts recorded gross in revenues that are billed to customers and remitted to governmental authorities totaled $  15   million and $  49   million for t  he   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively,   and $  19   million and $  60   million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  

32  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   2     Fair Value   Measurements  
              As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , U.S. Cellular did not have any financial or nonfinancial assets or liabilities that were required to be   recorded at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP.  
              The provisions of GAAP establish a fair value hierarchy that contains three levels for inputs used in fair value measurements.  Level 1 inputs include quoted market prices fo  r identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  Level 2 inputs include quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets.  Level 3 inputs are uno  bservable.  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is not representative of   its expected performance or its overall risk profile and, therefore, Level 3 assets are not necessarily higher risk than Level 2 or Level 1 assets.   
               U.S. Cellular has applied the provisions of fair value accounting for purposes of computing the fair value   of financial instruments for disclosure purposes as displayed below.   

The fair value of Cash and cash equivalents approximates the book value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.  Long-term debt excludes capital lease obligations and the current portion of Long-term debt.  The fair value of  Retail  L  ong-term debt was estimated using market prices for the 6.95% Senior Notes, 7.25% Senior Notes due 2063 and 7.25% Senior Notes due 2064.  U.S. Cellular s  Institutional  debt consists of the 6.7% Senior Notes which are traded over the counter.  U.S. Cellul  ar s  Other  debt consists of a senior term loan credit facility.  U.S. Cellular estimated the fair value of its Institutional and Other debt through a discounted cash flow analysis using the interest rates or estimated yield to maturity for each borrowing  , which ranged from   3.57%   to   6.50%   and   3.19%   to   7.51%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

33  

Table of   Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   3     Equipment Installment Plans  
              U.S. Cellular sells devices to customers, through its owned and agent distribution channels, under equipment installment contracts over a specified time period.  For certain equipment installment plans ( EIP ), after a specified period of time or amount of   payments, the customer may have the right to upgrade to a new device and have the remaining unpaid equipment installment contract balance waived, subject to certain conditions, including trading in the original device in good working condition and signing   a new equipment installment contract.  U.S. Cellular values this trade-in right as a guarantee liability.  The guarantee liability is initially measured at fair value and is determined based on assumptions including the probability and timing of the custo  mer upgrading to a new device and the fair value of the device being traded-in at the time of trade-in.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the guarantee liabi  lity related to these plans was $  44   million and $  93   million, respectively, and is reflected in Customer deposits and deferred revenues in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.    
              U.S. Cellular equipmen  t installment plans do not provide for explicit interest charges.  For equipment installment plans with a duration of greater than twelve months, U.S. Cellular imputes interest.  U.S. Cellular records imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts   receivable and it is recognized over the term of the installment agreement.  Equipment installment plan receivables had a weighted average effective imputed interest rate of   10.7%   and   9.7%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
               The following table summarizes unbilled equipment installment plan receivables as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Such amounts are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as Accounts receivable   customers and agents and Other assets and deferred charges, where applicable.   

Sept  ember 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Short-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, gross  

$  

339     

$  

279     

Short-term portion of unbilled deferred interest  

(33)  

(21)  

Short-term portion of unbilled   allowance for credit losses  

(22)  

(14)  

Short-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, net  

$  

284     

$  

244     

Long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, gross  

$  

165     

$  

76     

Long-term portion of   unbilled deferred interest  

(9)  

(2)  

Long-term portion of unbilled allowance for credit losses  

(13)  

(6)  

Long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, net     

$  

143     

$  

68     

U.S. Cellular assesses the collectability of the   equipment installment plan receivables based on historical payment experience, account aging and other qualitative factors and provides an allowance for estimated losses.  The credit profiles of U.S. Cellular s customers on equipment installment plans are   similar to those of U.S. Cellular customers with traditional subsidized plans.  Customers with a higher risk credit profile are required to make a down payment for equipment purchased through an installment contract.  
               U.S. Cellular recorded out-of-period adjustments during the three and   nine months ended   September 30, 2016 due to errors related to equipment installment plan transactions occurring in 2015 and 2016 ( 2016 EIP adju  stments ).  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the 2016 EIP adjustments had the impact of increasing Equipment sales revenues by $4 million, decreasing bad debts expense, which is a component of Selling, general and administrative expense, by $  2 million and increasing Income before income taxes by $6 million.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the 2016 EIP adjustments had the impact of increasing Equipment sales revenues by $2 million, decreasing bad debts expense by $2 million and i  ncreasing Income before income taxes by $4 million.        Additionally, U.S. Cellular recorded out-of-period adjustments during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to errors related to equipment installment plan transactions ( 2015 EIP adjustments ) th  at were attributable to 2014.  The 2015 EIP adjustments had the impact of reducing Equipment sales revenues and Income before income taxes by $6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The 2015 EIP adjustments were made in the first six mont  hs of 2015.  U.S. Cellular has determined that these adjustments were not material to any of the periods impacted.   

34  

Table of   Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   4     Earnings Per Share  
              Basic earnings per share attr  ibutable to U.S. Cellular shareholders is computed by dividing Net income attributable to U.S. Cellular shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share attributable to U.S. Cellular sh  areholders is computed by dividing Net income attributable to U.S. Cellular shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period adjusted to include the effects of potentially dilutive securities.  Potentially dilutive   securities primarily include incremental shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and the vesting of restricted stock units.  
               The amounts used in computing earnings per common share and the effects of potentially dilutive securities o  n the weighted average number of common shares were as follows:   

Certain Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units were not included in aver  age diluted shares outstanding for the calculation of Diluted earnings per share attributable to U.S. Cellular shareholders because their effects were antidilutive.  The number of such Common Shares excluded was   3   million shares   for each of the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

35  

Table of   Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   5     Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges  
              In February 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an agreement with a third party to exchange certain 700 MHz licenses for certain AWS and PCS licenses and $  28   million of cash.    This license exchange will be accomplished in two closings.  The first closing occurred in the second quarter of 2016 at which time U.S. Cellular received $  13   million of cash and recorded a gain of $  9   million.  The second closing is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016 and U.S. Cellular expects to recognize a gain at that time.  As a result of this exchange, the remaining licenses with a carrying value of $  8   millio  n have been classified as  Assets held for sale  in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .  
              In February 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an additional agreement with a third party that provided for   the transfer of certain AWS spectrum licenses and $  2   million in cash to U.S. Cellular, in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certain AWS, PCS and 700 MHz licenses with a carrying value of $  7   milli  on to the third party.  This transaction closed in the third quarter of 2016, at which time U.S. Cellular recorded a gain of $  7   million.  
              In March 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an additional agreement with a third party to tran  sfer FCC licenses in non-operating markets and receive FCC licenses in operating markets.  The agreement provides for the transfer of certain AWS and PCS spectrum licenses to U.S. Cellular in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certain PCS spectrum lic  enses and $  1   million of cash to the third party.  This transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Upon closing of this transactio  n, U.S. Cellular expects to recognize a gain.  As a result of this additional exchange agreement, licenses with a carrying value of $  8   million have been classified as  Assets held for sale  in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of     September 30, 2016  .  
              In 2015 and 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into multiple agreements to purchase spectrum licenses located in U.S. Cellular s existing operating markets.  The aggregate purchase price for these spe  ctrum licenses is $  56   million, of which $  46   million closed in the second quarter of 2016.  The remaining agreements are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
              U.S. Cellular is participating in the FCC s forward auction   of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 1002, which commenced in August 2016.  In the second quarter of 2016, U.S. Cellular made an upfront payment to the FCC of $  143   million to establish its initial bidding eligibil  ity.  
                 Note   6     Intangible Assets   
               Changes in U.S. Cellular s Licenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are presented below.      There were no changes to Goodwill during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .   

Licenses  

(Dollars in   millions)  

Balance December 31, 2015   

$  

1,834     

Acquisitions   

46     

Transferred to Assets held for sale  

(16)  

Exchanges - Licenses received  

12     

Exchanges - Licenses surrendered  

(10)  

Balance September 30, 2016  

$  

1,866     

1  

Amounts include   payments totaling $338 million made by Advantage Spectrum L.P. to the FCC for licenses in which it was the provisional winning bidder in Auction 97.  These licenses were granted by the FCC in July 2016.  See Note 9   Variable Interest Entities for addition  al information.  

36  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   7     Investments in Unconsolidated Entities  
              Investments in unconsolidated entities consist of amounts invested in wireless entities in which U.S.   Cellular holds a noncontrolling interest.  These investments are accounted for using either the equity or cost method.  
               The following table, which is based in part on information provided by third parties, summarizes the combined results of operations of U.  S. Cellular s equity method investments.   

37  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   8     Debt  
              Revolving Credit Facilities  
              U.S. Cellular has a revolving credit facility available for general corporate purposes.  In June 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into a new $300 million revolving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties.  As a result   of the new agreement, U.S. Cellular s revolving credit agreement due to expire in December 2017 was terminated.  Amounts under the new revolving credit facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time-to-time until maturity in June 2021.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, except for letters of credit.  Interest expense representing commitment fees on the unused portion of the revol  ving line of credit was $  1   million for each of the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   201  5  .    
               The following table summarizes the terms of the revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016  :   

(Dollars in millions)  

Maximum borrowing capacity  

$  

300     

Letters of credit outstanding  

$  

16     

Amount   borrowed  

$  

Amount available for use  

$  

284     

Illustrative borrowing rate: One-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus contractual spread  1  

2.28%  

Illustrative LIBOR Rate  

0.53%  

Contractual spread  

1.75%  

Commitment fees on amount available   for use  2  

0.30%  

Agreement date  

June 2016  

Maturity date  

June 2021  

1  

Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest either at a LIBOR rate or at an alternative Base Rate as defined in the revolving credit agreement, plus an   applicable margin, at U.S. Cellular s option.  U.S. Cellular may select a borrowing period of either one, two, three or six months (or other period of twelve months or less if requested by U.S. Cellular and approved by the lenders).  

2  

The revolving   credit facility has commitment fees based on the unsecured senior debt ratings assigned to U.S. Cellular by certain ratings agencies.  

The new revolving credit agreement includes the following financial covenants:  
             
                  Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio may   not be less than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter.  
                  Consolidated Leverage Ratio may not be greater than the ratios indicated as of the end of any fiscal quarter for each period specified below:  

Certain U.S. Cellular wholly-owned subsidiaries have jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of U.S. Cellular under the revolving credit agreement pursuant to a guaranty dated June 15, 2016.  Other su  bsidiaries that meet certain criteria will be required to provide a similar guaranty in the future.     U.S. Cellular believes it was in compliance with all of the financial and other covenants and requirements set forth in the revolving credit facility as of     September 30, 2016  .    
              At   September 30, 2016  , U.S. Cellular had recorded $  3   million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the revolving cr  edit facility which is included in Other assets and deferred charges in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  Included in that amount was $  2   million related to the new revolving credit facility.   
              Term Loan  
              In June 2016, U.S. Cellular   also amended and restated its senior term loan credit facility.  Certain modifications were made to the financial covenants and subsidiary guarantees were added in order to align with the new revolving credit agreements.  There were no significant changes   to the maturity date or other key terms of the agreement.  

38  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Note   9     Variable Interest Entities  
              In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ).  ASU 2015-02 changes consolidation accounting including revising certain criteria for identifying variable interest entities.  U.S. Cellular adopted the provisions of this standard as of January 1, 2016.  As a result, certain consolidated   subsidiaries and unconsolidated entities that were not defined as variable interest entities under previous accounting guidance are defined as variable interest entities under the provisions of ASU 2015-02.  U.S. Cellular s modified retrospective adoption   of ASU 2015-02 did not change the group of entities which U.S. Cellular is required to consolidate in its financial statements.  Accordingly, the adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not impact its financial position or results of operations.  
              Consolidated VIEs  
               U.S  . Cellular consolidates variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in which it has a controlling financial interest     as defined by GAAP and is therefore deemed the primary beneficiary.  A controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristi  cs: (a) the power to direct the VIE activities that most significantly impact economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb the VIE losses and right to receive benefits that are significant to the VIE.  U.S. Cellular reviews these criteria initiall  y at the time it enters into agreements and subsequently when events warranting reconsideration occur.      These VIEs     have risks similar to those described in the  Risk Factors  in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
              The following VIEs were formed to participate in FCC auctions of wireless spectrum and to fund, establish, and provide wireless service with respect to any FCC licenses won in the auctions:  
             
                  Advantage Spectrum L.P. ( Advantage   Spectrum ) and Frequency Advantage L.P., the general partner of Advantage Spectrum;  
                  Aquinas Wireless L.P. ( Aquinas Wireless  and  
                  King Street Wireless L.P. ( King Street Wireless ) and King Street Wireless, Inc., the general partner of King Street Wirele  ss.  

These particular VIEs are collectively referred to as designated entities.  Historically and as of   September 30, 2016  , U.S. Cellular consolidated these VIEs.    
              The power to direct the activities that most sign  ificantly impact the economic performance of these VIEs is shared.  Specifically, the general partner of these VIEs has the exclusive right to manage, operate and control the limited partnerships and make all decisions to carry on the business of the partn  erships.  The general partner of each partnership needs the consent of the limited partner, an indirect U.S. Cellular subsidiary, to sell or lease certain licenses, to make certain large expenditures, admit other partners or liquidate the limited partnersh  ips.  Although the power to direct the activities of these VIEs is shared, U.S. Cellular has the most significant level of exposure to the variability associated with the economic performance of the VIEs, indicating that U.S. Cellular is the primary benefi  ciary of the VIEs.  Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, these VIEs are consolidated.  
              In March 2015, King Street Wireless made a $  60   million distribution to its owners.      Of this distribution, $  6   million   was provided to King Street Wireless, Inc. and $  54   million was provided to U.S. Cellular.   
              FCC Auction 97 ended in January 2015.  U.S. Cellular participated in Auction 97 indirectly through its interest in Advantage Spectrum.  An   indirect subsidiary of U.S. Cellular is a limited partner in Advantage Spectrum.  Advantage Spectrum applied as a designated entity, and received bid credits with respect to spectrum purchased in Auction 97.  Advantage Spectrum was the winning bidder for   124   licenses for an aggregate bid of $  338   million, after its designated entity discount of   25  %.      This amount is classified as Licenses in U.S. Cellular s Consolidated Balance   Sheet.      Advantage Spectrum s bid amount, less the initial deposit of $  60   million paid in 2014, plus certain other charges totaling $  2   million, was paid to the FCC in March 2015.      These licenses were gra  nted by the FCC in July 2016.    
              U.S. Cellular also consolidates other VIEs that are limited partnerships that provide wireless service.  ASU 2015-02 modified the manner in which limited partnerships and similar legal entities are evaluated under the variab  le interest model.  A limited partnership is a variable interest entity unless the limited partners hold substantive participating rights or kick-out rights over the general partners.  For certain limited partnerships, U.S. Cellular is the general partner   and manages the operations.  In these partnerships, the limited partners do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights and, further, such limited partners do not have the authority to remove the general partner.  Therefore, beginning January 1,   2016, these limited partnerships are also recognized as VIEs and are consolidated under the variable interest model.  Prior to the adoption of ASU 2015-02, these limited partnerships were consolidated under the voting interest model.  

39  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

The following table   presents the classification and balances of the consolidated VIEs  assets and liabilities in U.S. Cellular s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

Unconsolidated VIEs  
              U.S. Cellular manages the operations of and holds a variable interest in certain other limited   partnerships, but is not the primary beneficiary of these entities and, therefore, does not consolidate them under the variable interest model outlined in ASU 2015-02.  
              U.S. Cellular s total investment in these unconsolidated entities was $  6   million and $  5   million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and is included in Investments in unconsolidated entities in U.S. Cellular s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The maximum exposure from unconsolidated VIEs is limited to the investment held by U.S. Cellular in those entities.    
                Other Related Ma  tters  
              U.S. Cellular made contributions, loans and/or advances to its VIEs totaling $  100   million and $  281   million during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively  .  U.S. Cellular may agree to make additional capital contributions and/or advances to these or other VIEs and/or to   their general partners to provide additional funding for operations or the development of licenses granted in various auctions.  U.S. Cellular may finance such amounts with a combination of cash on hand, borrowings under its revolving credit agreement and  /or other long-term debt.  There is no assurance that U.S. Cellular will be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all to provide such financial support.  
               During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, U.S. Cellular recorded out-of-period   adjustments attributable to the third quarter of 2013 through the second quarter of 2015 related to an agreement with King Street Wireless.  U.S. Cellular determined that these adjustments were not material to the quarterly periods or the annual results fo  r 2015.  These out-of-period adjustments had the impact of reducing Net income by $  3   million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, and Net income attributable to U.S. Cellular shareholders by $  5   million and $  4   million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     

40  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

United States Cellular Corporation  
              Additional Required Information  
                 
               C  ontrols and Procedures   
              Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
              U.S. Cellular maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules     13a-15(e)     and 15d-15(e)     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure   that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules     and forms, and that such information is accumulated and   communicated to U.S. Cellular s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and pr  ocedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  
              As required by SEC Rule     13a-15(b), U.S. Cellular carried out an e  valuation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of U.S. Cellular s disclosure controls and procedures as   of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report.      Based on this evaluation, U.S. Cellular s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that U.S. Cellular s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  , at the reasonable assurance level  .  
              Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
              There have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended     September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, U.S. Cellular s internal control over financial reporting.  
                     Legal Proceedings   
              Refer to the disclosure under Legal Proceedings in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There have been no material changes to such information since   December 31, 2015  .  
                 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
              On November 20, 2009,   U.S. Cellular announced by Form 8-K that   the Board of Direc  tors of U.S. Cellular authorized the repurchase of up to 1,300,000 Common Shares on an annual basis beginning in 2009 and continuing each year thereafter, on a cumulative basis.  Depending on market conditions, such shares may be repurchased in compliance   with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchase arrangements, prepaid share   repurchases, private transactions or as otherwise authorized.  This authorization does not have an   expiration date.    U.S. Cellular   did not determine to terminate the foregoing Common   Share   repurchase   program  , or cease making further purchases thereunder, during the   third   quarter of   2016  .  
              The following table provides certain information with respect to all purchases made by or on behalf of U.S. Cellular, and any open market purchases made by any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined by the SEC) of U.S. Cellular, of U.S. Cell  ular Common Shares during the quarter covered by this Form 10-Q.  

41  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Other Information  
              The following information is being provided   to update prior disclosures made pursuant to the requirements of Form 8-K, Item 2.03   Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.  
              A description of U.S. Cellular s revolving credit faci  lity is included in U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form     8-K dated   June 15, 2016  , and is   incorporated by reference herein.   
              U.S. Cellular did not borrow or repay any   cash   amounts under its revolving credit facility in the   third   quarter of   2016   or through the filing date of this Form 10-Q. U.S. Cellular had no   cash   borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   or as of the filing   date of this Form 10-Q.      

42  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Exhibits  

Exhibit 4.1  

Revolving Credit Agreement, among U.S. Cellular, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of June 15, 2016, including Schedules and Exhibits, including   the form of the subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to U.S. Cellular s Form 8-K dated June 15, 2016.  

Exhibit 4.2  

Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, among U.S. Cellular and   CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of June 15, 2016, including Schedules and Exhibits, including the forms of the subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1   to U.S. Cellular s Form 8-K dated June 15, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.1   

Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement for Officers other than the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to U.S. Cellular s   Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.2   

Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Officers other than the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.   

Exhibit   10.3  

Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement for the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.   

Exhibit 10.4  

Form of 2013   Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.5  

United States Cellular   Corporation 2016 Officer Annual Incentive Plan effective January 1, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.6  

U.S. Cellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan,   is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit B to the U.S. Cellular definitive proxy statement dated April 12, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 12, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.7  

Amendment No. 1 to U.S. Cellular 2013 Long-Term   Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the U.S. Cellular definitive proxy statement dated April 12, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 12, 2016.  

Exhibit 11   

Statement regarding computation of   per share earnings is included herein as Note 4   Earnings Per Share in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Exhibit 12   

Statement regarding computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges.  

Exhibit 31.1  

Principal executive officer   certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Exhibit 31.2  

Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Exhibit 32.1  

Principal executive officer   certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  

Exhibit 32.2  

Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  

Exhibit 101.INS   

XBRL Instance Document  

Exhibit 101.SCH   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

Exhibit 101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.CAL   

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.LAB   

XBRL Taxonomy   Label Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.DEF   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

The foregoing exhibits include only the exhibits that relate specifically to this Form 10-Q or that supplement the exhibits identified in U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Reference i  s made to U.S. Cellular s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a complete list of exhibits, which are incorporated herein except to the extent supplemented or superseded above.    

43  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Form 10-Q Cross Referen  ce Inde  x  

Item Number  

Page No.  

Part I.  

Financial Information  

Item 1.   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

25    -    30   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

31    -    40   

Item 2.   

Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

1    -    24   

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

24   

Item 4.   

Controls   and Procedures   

41   

Part II.     

Other Information  

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings   

41   

Item1A.   

Risk Factors   

24   

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

41   

Item 5.   

Other Information   

42   

Item 6.   

Exhibits   

43   

Signatures   

45   

44  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

SIGNATURES  
                 
              Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of   1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION  

(Registrant)  

Date:   

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Kenneth R. Meyers  

Kenneth R. Meyers  
                          President and Chief Executive Officer  
                          (principal executive officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Steven T. Campbell  

Steven T. Campbell  
                          Executive Vice President-Finance,  
                          Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
                          (principal financial officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Douglas D. Shuma  

Douglas D. Shuma  
                          Chief Accounting Officer  
                          (principal accounting officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Kristin A. MacCarthy  

Kristin A. MacCarthy  
                          Vice President and Controller  

45  

<EX-12>
 2
 exhibit12.htm
 EX-12

Exhibit 12  
              UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION  
              RATIO   OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES  

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  
                 
              Certification of principal executive officer  

I,   Kenneth R. Meyers  , certify that:  
             
                  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United States Cellular Corporation;  
                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue   statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
                  Based on my knowledg  e, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this repo  rt;  
                  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined   in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information rela  ting to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
                  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused   such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gener  ally accepted accounting principles;  
                  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the per  iod covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quar  ter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our   most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

all significant deficiencies and material w  eaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
                  any fraud, whether or not materia  l, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:        November 4, 2016  

/s/ Kenneth R. Meyers  

Kenneth R. Meyers  
                          President and Chief Executive Officer  
                          (principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  
                 
              Certification of   principal financial   officer  

I, Steven T. Campbell, certify that:  
             
                  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United States Cellular Corporation;  
                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue   statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
                  Based on my knowledg  e, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this repo  rt;  
                  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined   in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information rela  ting to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
                  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused   such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gener  ally accepted accounting principles;  
                  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the per  iod covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quar  ter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our   most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

all significant deficiencies and material w  eaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
                  any fraud, whether or not materia  l, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:        November 4, 2016  

/s/ Steven T. Campbell  

Steven T. Campbell  
                          Executive Vice President-Finance,  
                          Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
                          (principal financial officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  
                 
              Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
              of Title 18 of the United States Code  

I, Kenneth R. Meyers, the principal executive officer of United States Cellular Corporation, certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the   third   quarter of   2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Unit  ed States Cellular Corporation.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United States Cellular   Corporation and will be retained by United States Cellular Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2  
                 
              Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
              of Title 18 of the United States Code  

I, Steven T. Campbell, the   principal   financial officer of United States Cellular Corporation, certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the   third   quarter of   2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United States Cellular Corporation.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United States Cellular Corporation and will be retained by United States Cellular Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 usm-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 usm-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 usm-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 usm-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 usm-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 usm-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

