<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-K_edgar_data_1006028_0001493152-16-014317_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4021177</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310626</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>232127</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1064663</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1349553</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>116</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014317.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027161821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014317
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PURE BIOSCIENCE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				330530289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14468
		FILM NUMBER:		161955747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1725 GILLESPIE WAY
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-596-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1725 GILLESPIE WAY
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOVATIVE MEDICAL SERVICES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014317.txt : 20161027

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

For
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016    

or   

For
the transition period from ________ to  ________   

Commission
file No. 001-14468   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)    

Delaware   
         
       33-0530289    
 
       (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
         
       (IRS
    Employer    
 
       incorporation
    or organization)   
         
       Identification
    No.)    

1725
Gillespie Way    

   El
Cajon, California 92020   

   (Address
of principal executive office, including zip code)   

(619)
596-8600   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

   None   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   

   Common
Stock, $0.01 par value   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]  
        (Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X]  

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates, as of the last day of the registrant s
second quarter, was approximately $63,478,000 (computed on the basis of the closing price of the common stock on the OTCQB Bulletin
Board on January 31, 2016).  

As
of October 27, 2016, there were 64,823,917 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value per share, outstanding.  

Other
Information   

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms  we,   us,   our,   PURE  and
the  Company  refer to PURE Bioscience, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiary, on a consolidated basis,
unless otherwise stated.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page    
 
        Part I    

Item
    1.  
       Business   
         
      2   
 
      Item
    1A.  
       Risk Factors   
         
      14   
 
      Item
    1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
         
      30   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Properties   
         
      31   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
         
      31   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
         
      31   

Part II    

Item
    5.  
       Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
         
      32   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
         
      32   
 
      Item
    7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
      33   
 
      Item
    7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    8.  
       Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    9B.  
       Other Information   
         
      40   

Part III    

Item
    10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
         
      41   
 
      Item
    11.  
       Executive Compensation   
         
      46   
 
      Item
    12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
         
      51   
 
      Item
    13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
         
      53   
 
      Item
    14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
         
      55   

Part IV    

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
         
      56   

Signatures   
         
      58   

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange
Act. Forward-looking statements are based upon our current assumptions, expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effect on our business. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as  if, 
 shall,   may,   might,   will likely result,   should,   expect, 
 plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project,   intend, 
 goal,   objective,   predict,   potential  or  continue,  or the
negative of these terms and other comparable terminology, although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a
statement is not forward-looking. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our business strategy, development
of new products, regulatory approvals, sales levels, expense levels, cash flows, future commercial and financing matters,
future partnering opportunities and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements.  

Although
the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our good faith judgment, based on currently available information,
they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed in the  Risk Factors  contained in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. As a result
of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be
accurate, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as required by law,
we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date we file this Annual
Report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations.
You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the Securities
and Exchange Commission after the date we file this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various
disclosures made in this Annual Report.  

PART
I   

Item
1. Business   

Overview   

We
are focused on developing and commercializing proprietary antimicrobial products that provide safe and cost-effective solutions
to the health and environmental challenges of pathogen and hygienic control. Our technology platform is based on patented stabilized
ionic silver, and our initial products contain silver dihydrogen citrate, or SDC. SDC is a broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial
agent, which offers 24-hour residual protection and formulates well with other compounds. As a platform technology, we believe
SDC is distinguished from existing products in the marketplace because of its superior efficacy, reduced toxicity and the inability
of bacteria to form a resistance to it.  

Our
SDC-based technology platform has potential application in a number of industries. Our near-term focus is on offering products
that address food safety risks across the food industry supply chain. In 2011, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) reported that foodborne illnesses affect more than 48 million people annually in the U.S., causing 128,000 hospitalizations
and 3,000 fatalities. The CDC estimated that more than 9 million of these foodborne illnesses were attributed to major pathogens.
The CDC reported that contaminated produce was responsible for approximately 46% of the foodborne illnesses caused by pathogens
and 23% of the foodborne illness-related deaths in the US between 1998 and 2008. Among the top pathogens contributing to foodborne
illness in the U.S. are Norovirus,  Salmonella ,  Campylobacter ,  Staphylococcus , Shiga toxin producing
 Escherichia coli  and  Listeria .  Salmonella  is the leading cause of hospitalization, followed by Norovirus,
and is the leading cause of deaths related to foodborne illness.  

Based
on these statistics, we believe there is a significant market opportunity for our safe, non-toxic and effective SDC-based
solutions. We currently offer PURE    Hard Surface as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to
restaurant chains and food processors. We also offer PURE Control    as a direct food contact processing
aid. We received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control    as a direct food contact processing
aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a  No
Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE
Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and
post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE
Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry
processing until we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application of
PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry
processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher
concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing conditions.
Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to
also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. In addition to our
direct sales efforts with PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we market and sell our SDC-based products indirectly through
third-party distributors.  

Technology
Platform    

The
foundation of our technology platform is a proprietary electrochemical process that allows us to generate ionized silver in the
presence of organic acid. This process creates a solution containing stabilized ionic silver that can function as an antimicrobial.
Our current products all contain SDC, which we produce by ionizing silver in citric acid. SDC is a natural, non-toxic, non-caustic,
colorless, odorless antimicrobial agent, which offers 24-hour residual protection, and that formulates well with other compounds.
We have also produced ionic silver-based molecular entities using other organic acids, and we believe these compounds may provide
a platform for future product development.  

Silver
as an Antimicrobial     

The
use of silver as an antimicrobial dates back to ancient times when water, wine and other beverages were kept in silver vessels
to maintain freshness. Ancient Egyptians applied thin strips of beaten silver around wounds to avoid infection, and early royalty
ate from silver plates and with silver utensils to stay healthy. In the past half-century, silver in colloidal and ionic forms
has been used successfully in a wide array of antimicrobial applications, including water purification and topical treatments
for burn victims. Silver must be in an ionic form to be effective at killing microorganisms. The short shelf-life of previous
ionic silver solutions has limited the development of ionic-silver based antimicrobials. SDC, as a stabilized silver ion complex,
has a shelf life of more than a decade because the weak bond of the silver ion to the citric acid allows the ion to remain stable
in solution while at the same time making it bioavailable for antimicrobial action.  

Mechanisms
of Action     

The
rapid and broad-spectrum efficacy of SDC is attributed to its dual mechanisms of action, both with respect to killing bacteria
and other microorganisms and acting against viruses. SDC can kill microorganisms at both the extracellular and intracellular levels.
SDC attracts bacteria because the citric acid is recognized by the organism as a food source. SDC easily enters the microorganism
through membrane transport proteins. Once inside the organism, SDC binds to DNA and intracellular proteins causing irreversible
damage to the DNA and protein structure. Metabolic and reproductive functions halt, and the organism dies. SDC can also act on
an organism s outer membrane. Silver ions are highly attracted to sulfur-containing thiol groups found in metabolic and
structural proteins bound to the membrane surface. SDC targets these critical proteins and destroys their structure. This disruption
of the organism s membrane function and integrity leads to its death.  

Viruses
are much smaller than bacteria and present fewer target sites on which a biocide can act. The efficacy of SDC against enveloped
and non-enveloped viruses comes from its ability to destroy not only the viral envelope, preventing the virus from attaching to
a host cell, but also the infectious component of the virus, the nucleic acid.  

Safety
Profile     

Research
has shown that silver is an effective antimicrobial and not toxic to humans at the residual levels following the use of our SDC-based
products. In addition, our data shows the components of SDC, ionic silver and citric acid, to be non-toxic, particularly at the
low concentrations required to eliminate microorganisms. At higher concentrations, citric acid can be an eye irritant. We have
tested a concentrated SDC formulation using standard protocols to measure acute toxicity. Acute oral and dermal toxicity was not
observed at doses up to and including 5000 mg/kg. Data from eye and skin studies showed only slight irritation and no dermal sensitization.  

GRAS
Status as Contact Biocide     

A
committee of independent experts critically reviewed efficacy and toxicity data for SDC and the SDC-based PURE Hard Surface disinfectant
and food contact surface sanitizer. The committee found no evidence that SDC demonstrates a hazard to the public when used as
a contact biocide on food contact surfaces and food-use utensils. The committee, therefore, concluded such use to be generally
recognized as safe, consistent with the EPA registration (discussed below), allowing for use on food manufacturing and processing
equipment and food preparation surfaces.  

Efficacy

Formulations
containing SDC provide complete, quick and broad-spectrum antimicrobial efficacy against gram positive and gram negative bacteria,
enveloped and non-enveloped viruses, and fungi. In addition to quick kill times, SDC provides residual antimicrobial activity.
SDC also provides rapid kill times against multiple drug resistant bacteria, including Methicillin-resistant  Staphylococcus
aureus , or MRSA, Vancomycin resistant  Enterococcus faecium , or VRE, Carbapenem resistant  Escherichia coli , Carbapenem
resistant  Klebsiella pneumoniae  and Carbapenem resistant  Klebsiella pneumoniae,  NDM-1+. See  EPA Registrations 
below for more detailed efficacy data.  

Natural
and Environmentally Responsible     

SDC
is made of simple and all-natural ingredients: water, citric acid and minute amounts of ionic silver. SDC does not present a threat
to the environment. If introduced to water systems, the low concentrations of ionic silver in SDC would react with naturally present
substances such as chlorides, sulfides and organic matter. These reactions would create insoluble silver complexes and render
the silver inert. In addition, we manufacture SDC through a  zero waste  process in which no byproducts or environmental
effluent are created.  

Market
Opportunity   

U.S.
Incidence and Cost of Foodborne Illness     

According to an Ohio State University study
published in the Journal of Food Protection, completed by Dr. Scharff, a consumer science professor, foodborne illness poses a
$77.7 billion economic burden in the United States annually. This cost estimate includes health related costs, associated medical
costs, productivity losses, mortality, and pain and suffering. The study noted that excluding the estimated costs for pain
and suffering, health related costs exceeded $51 billion. The study does not include costs to the food industry, including reduced
consumer confidence, reduced brand value, product recall costs, and litigation, nor does it include the cost to public health
agencies (local, state and federal) that are required to respond to illnesses and outbreaks. In addition, the study cited  Salmonella
 as the most costly pathogen with an economic burden estimated to be in excess of $11 billion. This is primarily due to its
high incidence and mortality rate. 

Increased
Regulatory Requirements in the U.S.     

The
increasing trend of reported foodborne illness over the last decade has resulted in heightened awareness by various government
agencies, national media and social media outlets thereby affecting consumer confidence and elevating federal and state regulatory
scrutiny.  

In
2011, the Food Safety Modernization Act was passed by the U.S. Congress, resulting in increased regulatory requirements for preventive
controls, verification and validation of food safety plans by food processors. Additionally, in December 2013, the Food
Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) of the USDA, announced its  Salmonella  Action Plan (SAP), which is focused on identifying
solutions to reduce the incidence of  Salmonella  in meat and poultry. We believe that the implementation of the SAP will
increase the need for new, effective interventions to assist in reducing the incidence of  Salmonella  in meat and poultry.  

Limitations
of Existing Food Safety Solutions    

The statistics of the U.S. public health problems
attributed to pathogens in the food supply chain demonstrate the increasing need for more effective, efficient and safer interventions.
The U.S. food industry continues to rely on the use of toxic chemicals as processing aids or interventions during food processing
operations for which pathogens are becoming increasingly resistant and rendering current interventions less efficacious. Most of
these chemicals carry various warning labels for their toxicity characteristics and negatively affect safety of processing plant
personnel, plant operating equipment and the plant environment and its surroundings. 

Among
the chemicals in current use are: peracetic acid, acidified sodium chlorite (ASC), ozone, trisodium phosphate, cetylpyridinium
chloride (CPC), organic acid rinses (lactic acid), hypobromous acid and chlorine dioxide. Some of these chemicals can be difficult
to work with as a processing aid as they may require heating to become effective or are difficult to mix and stabilize prior to
use. Certain of these chemicals are only specific for processing aid use to treat against specific pathogens on only certain foods.
In addition, some of these chemicals can produce noxious fumes that over time have been linked to upper respiratory illness and
typically require in-plant decontamination of their effluence.  

Several
large and established corporations currently supply these chemicals. They may also provide other related food safety services
such as environmental sanitation programs and food safety consultation and audit services.  

Our
SDC-Based Products as a Food Safety Solution    

Based
on the limitations of the existing food safety solutions, we believe that our SDC-based products, including PURE Hard Surface
and PURE Control, are well positioned as new and disruptive solutions for the food safety industry. Given their broad spectrum
antimicrobial efficacy and non-toxic properties, our SDC-based products provide significant improvements over current chemical
interventions that can both strengthen our customers  food safety practices and help them control and eliminate pathogens
present during their food processing operations.  

Our  s  tudies
indicate that our SDC-based products are more effective in reducing or eliminating pathogens than existing chemical interventions.
Pilot poultry processing studies showed that SDC achieved an average reduction in  Salmonella  of 2.75 log  10 
CFU/cm  2  when applied as an OLR spray and 6.28 log 10  CFU/cm 2  when combined with an immersion
chilling process simulating current U.S. industry practices. This data suggests that the use of SDC in poultry processing has
the potential to achieve non-detectable  Salmonella  levels. Similarly, pilot produce processing studies showed that SDC
achieved average reductions up to 2.36 log 10  CFU/cm 2  when applied alone as a spray and up to 3.10 log 10
 CFU/cm 2  when combined with chlorine wash, simulating current processing practices. Currently, produce processors
hope to achieve only a 1 log 10  CFU/cm 2  reduction per intervention treatment. This data suggests that by
incorporating SDC, produce processors can improve their results 100-fold with only one step. Moreover, sensory evaluations of
both poultry and produce treated with SDC indicated no difference in color, appearance or odor to untreated controls. Additionally,
SDC had no effect on the nutritional composition of either poultry or produce.  

In
addition to providing better efficacy, our SDC-based products can provide users with the following benefits compared to the current
processing chemicals they are using:  

Easier
    to handle and dilute;    

Non-corrosive
    to processing equipment; and    

Non-toxic
    to manufacturing personnel by not creating noxious fumes or other detrimental environmental effluence.   

Based
on their performance and characteristics, we believe our SDC-based products can provide our customers with significant advantages
to the chemical interventions they are currently using and help them achieve their goal of improving the safety of processed foods
they offer to consumers.  

Business
Strategy    

Our
goal is to become a sustainable company by commercializing the SDC-based products we have developed with our proprietary technology
platform. We are focused on delivering leading antimicrobial products that address food safety risks across the food industry
supply chain. Key aspects of our business strategy include:  

Expanding
    sales and distribution for our products into the food industry with a focus on a dual track of food safety market opportunities:

Hard
    Surface Disinfectant   - commercializing our current EPA registered PURE Hard Surface disinfectant and sanitizer
    for use in foodservice operations and food manufacturing.    

Direct
    Food Contact   - commercializing FDA approved PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for fresh produce;
    commercializing FDA approved PURE Control as a food processing and intervention aid for food processors treating raw poultry
    subject to further USDA approval; expecting to commercialize, subject to both FDA and USDA approval, the use of SDC as a food
    processing and intervention aid for food processors treating raw beef and pork.    

Establishing
    strategic alliances to maximize the commercial potential of our technology platform;    

Developing
    additional proprietary products and applications; and    

Protecting
    and enhancing our intellectual property.   

In
addition to our current products addressing food safety, we intend to leverage our technology platform through licensing and distribution
collaborations in order to develop new products and enter into new markets that could potentially generate multiple sources of
revenue.  

Our
Products   

Our
near-term focus is on delivering leading antimicrobial products that address food safety risks across the food industry supply
chain. We currently offer PURE Hard Surface as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to restaurant chains and food
processors. We also offer PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid. We received the required FDA approvals
to market PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January
2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection
Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and
organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required
approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize
PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to
optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in
that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow
us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing
conditions. Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval
to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork.  

In
addition to our direct sales efforts with PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we market and sell our SDC-based products indirectly
through third-party distributors. In addition to PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we manufacture and sell (i) SDC-based products
for end use, (ii) products preserved with SDC and (iii) SDC as a raw material ingredient for manufacturing use.  

PURE 
Hard Surface Disinfectant and Sanitizer (Ready to Use)   

PURE
Hard Surface is our SDC-based, patented and EPA-registered, ready-to-use hard surface disinfectant and food contact surface sanitizer.
PURE Hard Surface combines high efficacy and low toxicity with bacterial and viral kill times in as few as 30-seconds and 24-hour
residual protection. The product kills resistant pathogens such as MRSA and Carbapenem-resistant  Klebsiella pneumoniae 
(NDM-1), and effectively eliminates dangerous fungi and viruses including HIV, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Norovirus, Influenza
A, Avian Influenza and H1N1. It also eradicates hazardous food pathogens such as  E. coli ,  Salmonella ,  Campylobacter
 and  Listeria . PURE Hard Surface delivers broad-spectrum efficacy yet remains classified as least-toxic by the EPA.
The active ingredient, SDC, has been designated as  Generally Recognized as Safe,  or GRAS, for use on food processing
equipment, machinery and utensils.  

PURE
Control    

We
have the necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA to offer PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for fresh produce
and raw poultry. We also have regulatory approvals from the USDA for certain methods of application of PURE Control on poultry
and we are also performing additional trials to gain further USDA approvals for additional food contact applications for poultry.
Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to also
utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork.  

Poultry
Processing Aid.     In December 2015, we received the required approvals from the FDA stating that our FCN (food contact
notification) for SDC as a raw poultry processing aid is complete. We have received a  No Objection Letter  from the
USDA s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip
applied to poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We
have not, however, received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively
restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We
continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in
OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted
an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to
adjust to varying plant and processing conditions.  

Testing
data conducted by Dr. James Marsden at Kansas State University and submitted in support of our FCN showed that, SDC achieved an
average reduction in  Salmonella  of 2.75 log 10  CFU/cm 2  when applied as an OLR (online reprocessing)
spray and 6.28 log 10  CFU/cm 2  when combined with an immersion chilling process simulating current U.S. industry
practices. We believe that testing by Dr. Marsden provides support to the following benefits of SDC for poultry processing:  

The
    use of SDC antimicrobial solution in poultry processing has the potential to enable plants to achieve non-detectable Salmonella
    levels post-chill process.   

A
    sensory evaluation of SDC showed no difference in color, appearance or odor in treated poultry.   

SDC
    has a neutral to positive impact on yield.   

SDC
    offers a highly effective alternative to hazardous and difficult to blend chemicals currently used as treatments in raw poultry
    processing.   

SDC
    is a significant improvement over current processing practices. The product is:   

Easier
    to handle and dilute;   

Non-corrosive
    to processing equipment;   

Does
    not create noxious fumes; and   

Poultry
    processors will also benefit from the highly stable solution, ease of use and improved worker safety.   

Produce
Processing Aid  . In January 2016, we received the required approvals from the FDA stating that our FCN for SDC as a spray
or dip on processed fruits and vegetables is complete. We were not required to obtain any approvals from the USDA to use PURE
Control as a produce processing aid.  

Data
from testing conducted by Dr. James Marsden at Kansas State University and submitted in support of our FCN for produce showed
that SDC achieved average reductions up to 2.36 log10 CFU/cm2 when applied alone as a spray and up to 3.10 log10 CFU/cm2 when
combined with chlorine wash, simulating current processing practices. Sensory evaluations of produce treated with SDC indicated
no difference in color, appearance or odor to untreated controls; and SDC had no effect on the nutritional composition of the
produce.  

Currently,
produce processors target achieving only a 1 log10 CFU/cm2 reduction per intervention treatment. Data suggests that by incorporating
SDC, processors can improve their results 100-fold with only one step. This represents a significant advantage to produce processors
as well as improvement to the safety of processed produce going to the consumer.  

Other
Processing Aids under Development  . We are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to
seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and
pork. Subject to successful pilot testing results and development, we intend to submit for both FDA and USDA approval during 2017.
In addition, we may identify other food processing opportunities for SDC.  

Additional
SDC-Based Products    

In
addition to PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we manufacture and sell (i) SDC-based products for end use, (ii) products preserved
with SDC and (iii) SDC as a raw material ingredient for manufacturing use. These products include:  

Product
    Name       
      Product
    Use       
      EPA
    Registration   
 
      PURE Complete Solution:       

PURE  
     Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner Concentrate       
      Cleaner       
      Not applicable   
 
      PURE  
     Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner Concentrate       
      Cleaner       
      Not applicable   
 
      Axen   30       
      Disinfectant       
      Axen30   
 
      Axenohl          
      Raw material ingredient       
      Axenohl   
 
      SILV RION          
      Raw material ingredient       
      Not applicable   

PURE
Complete Solution     

Our PURE Complete Solution is comprised of
PURE Hard Surface and concentrated cleaning products that were launched as companion products to PURE Hard Surface. The PURE Complete
Solution offers a comprehensive, cost-effective and user-friendly cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing product line to end-users
including our targeted foodservice, food manufacturing and food processing customers. We can also target this product line to
hospital and medical care facilities, janitorial service providers and the distributors that supply them. 

PURE    
   Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner Concentrate (End-User Dilutable)     

PURE
Multi-Purpose Cleaner is an environmentally responsible cleaning product that is protected by SDC. SDC ensures the quality and
safety of PURE Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner without human or environmental exposure to toxic chemical preservatives. PURE Multi-Purpose
and Floor Cleaner is non-toxic and non-flammable and contains no EDTA, phosphates, ammonia or bleach as well as no VOCs or NPEs.
This efficient cleaner provides professional strength cleaning in a concentrate formula that yields a 1:96   1:256 use dilution
that is safe for use on all resilient surfaces, including floors, glass and food contact surfaces.  

PURE    
   Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner Concentrate (End-User Dilutable)     

PURE
Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner is an environmentally responsible, professional strength high foam forming cleaning product that
is protected by SDC. SDC ensures the quality and safety of PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner without human or environmental exposure
to toxic chemical preservatives. PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner is non-toxic and non-flammable and contains no EDTA, phosphates,
ammonia or bleach as well as no VOCs or NPEs. PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner provides high foam cleaning in a concentrate
formula that yields a 1:50 use dilution that is safe for use on stainless steel equipment, resilient floors, walls and painted
surfaces.  

Axen  
 30 (Ready-to-Use)     

Axen30
is our patented and EPA-registered hard surface disinfectant and is a predecessor ready-to-use product to PURE Hard Surface. Axen30
is currently sold on a limited basis by distributors under their respective private labels.  

Axenohl  
 (Raw Material Ingredient)     

Axenohl
is our patented and EPA-registered SDC-based antimicrobial formulation for use as a raw material ingredient in the manufacturing
of EPA-registered products. Axenohl is a colorless, odorless and stable solution that provides fast acting efficacy against bacteria,
viruses and fungi when manufactured into consumer and commercial disinfecting and sanitizing products.  

SILV RION  
 (Raw Material Ingredient)     

SILV RION
is our patented SDC-based antimicrobial formulation for use as a raw material ingredient in the manufacturing of personal care
products. It can be used as either an active ingredient or a preservative. SILV RION is a colorless, odorless and stable
solution that provides ionic silver in a water-soluble form. It provides fast acting efficacy at low concentrations against a
broad-spectrum of bacteria, viruses, yeast and molds. SILV RION is currently sold domestically and outside of the United
States in various personal care products.  

EPA
Registrations    

We
sell our EPA-regulated products under the following three EPA registrations: (i) SDC3A, our hard surface disinfectant and food
contact surface sanitizer, (ii) Axen30, our hard surface disinfectant, and (iii) Axenohl, our antimicrobial formulation for use
as a raw material in the manufacturing of EPA-registered products.  

PURE
Hard Surface SDC3A Registration     

The
EPA registration for SDC3A, marketed as PURE Hard Surface, our disinfectant and food contact surface sanitizer, includes the following
efficacy claims:  

Organism       
      Kill
    Time   
 
      Pseudomonas
    aeruginosa       
      30 seconds   
 
      Salmonella
    enterica       
      30 seconds   
 
      Staphylococcus
    aureus       
      2 minutes   
 
      Listeria
    monocytogenes       
      2 minutes   
 
      Vancomycin
    resistant  Enterococcus faecium (VRE)        
      2 minutes   
 
      Methicillin
    resistant  Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)        
      2 minutes   
 
      Community
    Associated Methicillin resistant  Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA)        
      2 minutes   
 
      Community
    Associated Methicillin resistant  Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA-PVL)        
      2 minutes   
 
      Escherichia
    coli O157:H7       
      2 minutes   
 
      Acinetobacter
    baumannii       
      2 minutes   
 
      Campylobacter
    jejuni       
      2 minutes   
 
      Carbapenem
    resistant  Escherichia coli        
      2 minutes   
 
      Carbapenem
    resistant  Klebsiella pneumoniae        
      2 minutes   
 
      Carbapenem
    resistant  Klebsiella pneumonia,  NDM-1 +       
      2 minutes   
 
      Trichophyton
    mentagrophytes (Athlete s Foot Fungus)       
      5 minutes   
 
      HIV
    type 1       
      30 seconds   
 
      Rotavirus       
      30 seconds   
 
      Human
    Coronavirus       
      30 seconds   
 
      Influenza
    A (H1N1)       
      30 seconds   
 
      Swine
    Influenza A (H1N1)       
      30 seconds   
 
      Respiratory
    Syncytial Virus       
      30 seconds   
 
      Adenovirus
    Type 2       
      30 seconds   
 
      Avian
    Influenza A       
      30 seconds   
 
      Influenza
    A       
      30 seconds   
 
      Hepatitis
    B Virus (HBV)       
      60 seconds   
 
      Hepatitis
    C Virus (HCV)       
      60 seconds   
 
      Murine
    Norovirus       
      60 seconds   
 
      Norovirus       
      60 seconds   
 
      Herpes
    Simplex Type 1       
      60 seconds   
 
      Rhinovirus       
      60 seconds   
 
      Polio
    Type 2       
      60 seconds   

The
EPA registration for SDC3A also claims 24-hour residual protection against certain bacteria.  

Toxicity
Categories     

The
EPA categorizes the toxicity of antimicrobial products from Category I to Category IV. The following table shows the EPA toxicity
categories and required signal words.  

Toxicity
    Category   
         
       Signal
    Word   

I  
         
      DANGER,
    POISON  

II  
         
      WARNING  

III  
         
      CAUTION  

IV  
         
      None
    required  

SDC3A
is a Category IV product for which no signal words are required.  

Axen30
Registration     

Axen30
is a hard surface disinfectant and is a predecessor product to SDC3A. It offers similar broad-spectrum efficacy but longer kill
times. Axen30 is not approved for use on food contact surfaces. Axen30 is currently sold on a limited basis by distributors under
their respective private labels.  

Axenohl
Registration     

Axenohl
is registered as a raw material ingredient for the manufacturing of EPA-registered products and as such does not carry specific
efficacy claims.  

Intellectual
Property    

Our
policy is to pursue patents and trademarks, maintain trade secrets and use other means to protect our technology, inventions and
improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business.  

We
have applied for U.S. and foreign patent protection for our SDC technology. Currently, we own twelve U.S. issued patents. Approximately
twenty-six patents have been issued outside of the U.S., and we own approximately ten patents pending around the world. The expiration
dates for our ten U.S. issued patents begin in 2018 and end in 2030. In September 2013, we decided to abandon pending and issued
patents in non-strategic international territories. Future patent prosecution and defense efforts are intended primarily for North
America, Europe, Asia and Mexico.  

Additional
patent applications may not be granted, or, if granted, may not provide adequate protection to us. We also intend to rely on whatever
protection the law affords to trade secrets, including unpatented know-how. Other companies, however, may independently develop
equivalent or superior technologies or processes and may obtain patents or similar rights with respect thereto.  

Although
we believe that we have developed our technology independently and have not infringed, and do not infringe, on the patents of
others, third parties may make claims that our technology does infringe on their patents or other intellectual property. In the
event of infringement, we may, under certain circumstances, be required to modify our infringing product or process or obtain
a license. We may not be able to do either of those things in a timely manner if at all, and failure to do so could have a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may not have the financial or other resources necessary to enforce a patent infringement
or proprietary rights violation action or to defend ourselves against such actions brought by others. If any of the products we
develop infringe upon the patent or proprietary rights of others, we could, under certain circumstances, be enjoined or become
liable for damages, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.  

We
also rely on confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our employees, customers, consultants, advisors, licensees and
potential partners to protect our technology, intellectual property and other proprietary property. Pursuant to the foregoing
and for other reasons, we face the risk that our competitors may acquire information which we consider to be proprietary, that
such parties may breach such agreements or that such agreements will be inadequate or unenforceable.  

Further,
we own the registered trademarks or pending trademark applications for PURE Bioscience   , Powered by SDC Ag+   ,
PURE   , Axenohl   , Axen   , SILV RION   , and PURE Control  
 . In addition, we have applications for other trademarks pending around the world, which may or may not be granted. We previously
allowed the marks Kinderguard   , Cruise Control   , Staphacide    , Nutripure   ,
Elderguard   , and Critterguard    to go abandoned, as they were no longer in line with our food safety
business strategy.  

Research
and Development    

We
recognize the importance of innovation to our business strategy and long-term success. A key aspect of our business strategy is
to leverage our technology platform to develop additional proprietary products and applications, including end use products and
raw material formulations derived from our technology platform. We conduct our primary research and development activities in-house
and use third-party laboratories to conduct independent testing. We also engage development partners to perform research and development
activities at their own expense for specific products and processes using SDC. Amounts spent on research and development activities
during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 were $927,000 and $790,000, respectively.  

We
have developed several new SDC-based products, including a dilutable food processing aid PURE Control. In addition, we may continue
to develop or may develop with strategic partners various other SDC-based product candidates including a dilutable food contact
surface sanitizer, hard surface disinfecting and skin cleansing wipes, formulations for industrial biofilm control, high level
disinfectants, agriculture treatments, dilutable sanitizer and virucide, food additives and preservatives as well as medical products.  

Sales
and Marketing    

A
critical aspect of our business strategy is to leverage the industry experience of our internal sales force and management team
in order to maximize the commercial potential of our technology platform in the food industry. During 2015 and 2016, we strengthened
our internal sales and marketing capability by adding to our team experienced food industry sales professionals.  

According
to the CDC, FDA and other food industry sources, food contamination and food borne illnesses have been increasing. We believe
our focus on food safety is addressing a significant need to provide safe, non-toxic and effective solutions to mitigate the increase
of food contamination and food borne illnesses. We believe our products can be used effectively to prevent or mitigate the risk
of food contaminants in various stages of the food supply chain. Our current sales and marketing efforts include demonstrating
our SDC products  effectiveness as a hard surface disinfectant and sanitizer for:  

1.  
      Foodservice
    operators   such as food preparation and cooking surfaces; consumer eating and other common areas; and drink and ice
    dispensers.    

2.  
      Food
    manufacturers and processors   such as food production and transportation equipment.    

Our
sales team is actively developing customer relationships with certain segments of foodservice operators, food processors and food
manufacturers. Due to both the technical nature of our products and existence of established brands, the sales cycle to secure
a new customer is long and unpredictable. We have recently conducted numerous successful product evaluation trials and comparative
testing of our SDC-based products with prospective customers, which we believe will result in future revenue. We believe our products
provide superior pathogen and hygiene control performance characteristics as compared with legacy chemical products, which also
have higher toxicity profiles than our SDC-based products.  

In
addition to our direct sales and marketing efforts, we intend to selectively form partnerships with industry leaders for a variety
of uses and applications of our products and technology. These partnerships may be for both U.S. and international markets where
we believe we may leverage the product development, sales and marketing resources of business partners to commercialize our SDC
technology in their respective markets.  

A
significant portion of our historical revenues were generated by an international chemical distributor who sold our SDC-based
formulations to other manufacturers for use as a raw material ingredient in the production of personal care products. Other historical
revenues were primarily to U.S. distributors who sold our SDC-based products into the consumer, industrial janitorial and sanitization
market.  

Sales
Concentration    

Net
product sales were $1,289,000 and $729,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the year ended July 31,
2016, one customer accounted for 37% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for 10% or more of our net
product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows for the year ended July 31, 2016: 100% U.S.
For the year ended July 31, 2015, one customer accounted for 47% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted
for 10% or more of our net product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows for the year ended
July 31, 2015: 97% U.S. and 3% foreign.  

From
time to time, one or a small number of our customers may represent a significant percentage of our revenue. Our three largest
customers accounted for 54% of our revenue for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. Although we have agreements with many of our
customers, these agreements typically do not prohibit customers from purchasing products and services from competitors. A decision
by any of our major customers to significantly reduce the amount of product ordered or license fees paid, or their failure or
inability to pay amounts owed to us in a timely manner, or at all, could have a significant adverse effect on our business.  

Competition

The
markets for SDC, our SDC-based products and each of their potential applications are highly competitive. We have a number of competitors
that vary in size, scope and breadth of products offered. These competitors include some of the largest global corporations, and
most of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources than we do and offer multiple service and product
offerings as well as consulting services to their customers. We expect to face additional competition from other competitors
and technologies in the future.  

Because
SDC is a new antimicrobial technology to the food industry, our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to achieve a share
of our target markets at the expense of established and future products. Even where SDC may have technological competitive advantages
over competing products, we, our partners or our distributors, will need to invest significant resources in order to attempt to
displace traditional technologies sold by, what are in many cases, well-known industry leaders.  

Manufacturing

On
December 11, 2013, we entered into a five-year strategic collaboration agreement with St. Louis-based Intercon Chemical Company
(ICC). The agreement consists of a multi-prong approach to help us accelerate the commercialization of our unique and proprietary
SDC-based products. The strategic collaboration agreement provides:  

ICC
    licenses from PURE its patents and technology know-how for the exclusive manufacture of our SDC-based products.    

ICC
    will invest in plant improvements to allow for expanded SDC production.    

ICC s
    R D team will collaborate on SDC product line development.    

ICC
    licenses the distribution rights for SDC-based products into its core businesses of institutional cleaning and sanitation
    products.    

ICC
    will also develop a new initiative focused on US hospital, healthcare and medical facilities.    

PURE
    earns royalty income on SDC-products sold by ICC and its affiliates.    

The
agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent, or by either party upon the material breach of the terms of the agreement
by the other party.  

Silver
is the primary active ingredient in SDC and is a readily available commodity. The other active and inactive ingredients in our
products are readily available from multiple sources.  

Government
Regulation    

Our
business is subject to various government regulations relating to the protection of public health and the environment. Among these
are laws that regulate the manufacture, storage, distribution and labeling of our products, as well as the use, handling, storage
and disposal of certain materials in the manufacturing of our products.  

Regulation
in the United States     

Certain
environmental and regulatory matters significant to us are discussed below.  

Requirements
Imposed by the EPA and Similar State Agencies     

We
manufacture and sell in the U.S. certain disinfecting products that kill or reduce microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi).
The manufacture, labeling, handling and use of these products are regulated by the EPA under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide,
and Rodenticide Act, or FIFRA. We currently sell three products registered by the EPA under FIFRA, certain of which are approved
for use on food contact surfaces and others of which are approved for use on non-food contact hard surfaces. EPA product registration
requires meeting certain efficacy, toxicity and labeling requirements and paying ongoing registration fees.  

Although
states do not generally impose substantive requirements different from those of the EPA, each state in which our products are
sold requires registration and payment of a fee. California and certain other states have adopted additional regulatory programs
applicable to these types of products that, in some cases, impose a fee on total product sales in the state.  

Based
on our experience and our knowledge of current trends, we expect the costs and delays in receiving necessary federal and state
approvals for these types of products may increase in the coming years.  

Requirements
Imposed by the FDA and USDA     

The
FDA s Food Contact Notification ( FCN ) Program is intended to ensure the safety of Food Contact Substances
(FCS) used in food processing and packaging.  

The
    FCN review period is 120 days from filing, after which, if there are no concerns from the FDA, the FCN automatically becomes
    effective.    

An
    FCN is considered to be proprietary as it applies only to the specific product and manufacturer or supplier identified in
    the FCN.    

In
addition to the FDA s FCN Program, the Company will be required to obtain USDA approval for the use of PURE Control on meat
or dairy products.  

Upon
    the FDA s granting of an FCN on a meat or dairy product, PURE will be required to submit the FCN to the Food Safety
    and Inspection Service (FSIS) of the USDA for a new technology review.    

As
    part of the FSIS review process, PURE may be required to conduct up to three in-plant process validation and optimization
    trials with the authorization of the USDA.    

After
    successful completion of the in-plant validation trials, the USDA will issue a  Letter of No Objection  and list
    the Company s SDC-based product as an OLR processing aid in Attachment 1 of FSIS Directive 7120.1, Safe and Suitable
    Ingredients Used in the Production of Meat and Poultry Products.    

Requirements
Imposed by Ingredient Legislation     

Numerous
federal, state and local laws regulate the sale of products containing certain identified ingredients that may impact human health
and the environment. For instance, California has enacted Proposition 65, which requires the disclosure of specified listed ingredient
chemicals on the labels of products. Although none of the ingredients in our current products is reportable under Proposition
65, this and other similar legislation may become more comprehensive in the future and/or new products we may develop could be
subject to these regulations.  

Requirements
Imposed by Other Environmental Laws     

A
number of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws govern the use, handling, storage and disposal of certain
materials. Our current manufacturing process for SDC-based products is a  zero waste  process, meaning that no byproducts
are created, and we do not use hazardous materials, as defined by applicable environmental laws, in the manufacturing of these
products. As such, some of these U.S. environmental laws are not generally applicable to us in their current form. However, these
laws may in the future identify as hazardous materials certain materials that we use in our manufacturing processes, or we may
opt to or be forced to change our manufacturing procedures in a way that subjects our products or operations to these laws.  

Requirements
Imposed by the FDA and USDA     

Various
laws and regulations have been enacted by federal, state, local and foreign jurisdictions regulating certain products we anticipate
manufacturing and selling for controlling microbial growth in or on foods. In the United States, these requirements generally
are administered by the FDA. However, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and EPA also may share in regulatory jurisdiction of
antimicrobials applied directly to food as it pertains to poultry and meats.  

Regulation
Outside the United States     

The
commercialization of SDC-based products in countries other than the U.S. may require that we, or companies with whom we partner
for such foreign commercialization, obtain necessary approvals from foreign regulatory authorities comparable to the EPA and USDA,
among others. Applicable approval processes and ongoing requirements vary from country to country and may involve more time and
expense than that required to obtain approvals in the U.S. In international markets, we currently sell our products under active
registrations held by us, or by our distributors. We intend to continue to process registrations ourselves or through distributors
as required.  

We
currently hold a registration from Health Canada for our disinfectant product. Other third-party distributors are actively pursuing
registrations for our disinfectant products in various Asian markets. Additionally, an opinion has been granted under the Scientific
Committee on Consumer Products to sell SDC in the European Union for use in cosmetics, which includes personal care products.  

Employees

As
of October 27, 2016, we employed 13 regular full-time employees. We believe that we have been successful in attracting skilled
and experienced personnel, but competition for personnel is intense and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
and retain qualified personnel in the future. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and we consider
relations with our employees to be good.  

Company
Information    

We
were incorporated in the state of California in August 1992 as Innovative Medical Services. In September 2003, we changed our
name to PURE Bioscience. In March 2011, we reincorporated in the state of Delaware under the name  PURE Bioscience, Inc.   

Our
corporate offices are located at 1725 Gillespie Way, El Cajon, California 92020. Our telephone number is (619) 596-8600. Our website
address is www.purebio.com. We make available free of charge on our website our periodic and current reports, proxy statements
and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not part of this report or our other filings with the
SEC. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors   

You
should carefully consider the following information about risks and uncertainties that may affect us or our business, together
with the other information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes thereto. If any of the following events, described as risks, actually occur, either alone or taken together,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely
affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment
in our securities. An investment in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should not invest in
our securities if you cannot bear the economic risk of your investment for an indefinite period of time and cannot afford to lose
your entire investment. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently believe are immaterial
which could also impair our business and financial position.   

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry    

We
have a history of losses, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability.    

We
had a loss of $14.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, and a loss of $7.6 million for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2015. As of July 31, 2016, we have incurred a cumulative net loss of approximately $103.2 million. Although we believe
we are making progress on implementing our business plan, we expect to continue to have losses in future periods, we are
unable to predict the extent of our future losses or when we will generate sufficient revenues to become profitable,
and it is possible we will never become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or
increase profitability on an ongoing basis.  

None
of our existing agreements, including with Subway and Chipotle, contain provisions that guarantee us any minimum revenues.
If the penetration into the marketplace of PURE Hard Surface, PURE Control and our other silver dihydrogen citrate, or
SDC, SDC-based products is unsuccessful, our revenue growth is slower than anticipated or our operating expenses exceed
expectations, it may take an unforeseen period of time to achieve or maintain profitability and we may never achieve or maintain
profitability. Slower than anticipated revenue growth could force us to reduce our research, testing, development, regulatory
and commercialization activities, and/or force us to reduce the size and scope of our operations, to sell or license
our technologies to third parties, or to cease operations altogether.  

The
risks associated with our business may be more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession. In addition to other consequences,
these periods may be accompanied by decreased consumer and institutional spending in general, as well as decreased demand for,
or additional downward pricing pressure on, our products. Accordingly, any prolonged economic slowdown or a lengthy or severe
recession with respect to either the U.S. or the global economy is likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and business prospects. As a result, given the current weakness and uncertainties in the U.S.
and in certain overseas economies, we expect that our business will continue to be adversely affected for so long as, and to the
extent that, such adverse economic conditions and uncertainty exist.  

Our
future capital needs are uncertain, and we currently expect that we will need additional funds in the future which may not be
available on acceptable terms or at all.    

Our
capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among other factors:  

the acceptance of,
    and demand for, our products;    

the success versus
    the associated costs of our commercialization activities;   

the timing and
    associated costs with obtaining required regulatory approvals for our product offerings;   

the success of our
    strategic partners in developing and selling products derived from our technology;    

the costs of further
    developing our existing, and developing new, products or technologies;    

the extent to which
    we invest in new technology, testing product development and seeking regulatory approvals;    

the timing of vendor
    payments and of the collection of receivables, among other factors affecting our working capital;    

the exercise of
    outstanding options or warrants to acquire our common stock;    

the cost of complying
    with our obligations under our existing agreements with our executive officers;   

the number and timing
    of acquisitions and other strategic transactions, if any; and    

the costs associated
    with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business.    

We had $5.2 million in cash and cash equivalents
as of July 31, 2016. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that our current cash resources are sufficient
to meet our anticipated needs during the next twelve months, however, we do not yet have, and we may never have, significant cash
inflows from product sales or from other sources of revenue to offset our ongoing and planned investments in our commercialization
activities, expanding our workforce and corporate infrastructure, research and development projects, regulatory submissions and
approvals, and business development activities, among other investments. Some or all of our ongoing or planned investments may
not be successful. In addition, irrespective of our cash resources, we may be contractually or legally obligated to make certain
investments or certain payments under our existing agreements with our executive officers, which cannot be postponed and which
may require us to raise additional funds to offset these expenses. 

As a result, we will need to increase
our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures in the near term, which may include, raising additional financing
through the issuance of debt, equity, or convertible securities, entering into partnerships, licenses, or other arrangements with
third parties, reducing our operating expenses, reducing the exercise price of outstanding warrants, or through other means,
any one of which could reduce the value to us, perhaps substantially, of our technology and its commercial potential. There is
no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Insufficient funds would result in
a material adverse effect on our business and operations and could cause us to fail to execute our business plan, fail to take
advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements, and further may require
us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and product development programs, license to third parties the
right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize ourselves, or to reduce or cease operations.
If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to significantly modify our business model and operations
to reduce spending to a sustainable level. Such modification of our business model and operations could also result in an impairment
of assets which cannot be determined at this time. Furthermore, if we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional
funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and in addition the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences
and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative
to our earnings or to our equity capitalization. 

As
of October 27, 2016, we have 64,823,917 shares of common stock issued and outstanding or reserved for issuance. Shares reserved
for issuance include shares under equity compensation plans, vested and unvested options, warrants, and unvested restricted stock
units. Our current authorized capital stock is limited to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. Any increase in our authorized capital stock would require the approval of a majority of our stockholders as well as the
approval of our Board of Directors. If we were unable to increase our authorized capital stock for any reason, our ability to
raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt would be severely compromised and we may be unable
to obtain equity or convertible debt capital at all.  

Raising
additional funds by issuing securities or through collaboration and licensing arrangements may cause dilution to existing stockholders,
restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights.    

We
will need to increase our liquidity and capital resources in future periods. We have a history of raising funds through offerings
of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, and we may in the future raise additional
funds through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. To the
extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders  ownership will be diluted. Additionally,
any debt financing we obtain may involve covenants that restrict our operations. These restrictive covenants may include, among
other things, limitations on borrowing, specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions on our ability
to create liens on our assets, pay dividends on or redeem our capital stock or make investments. In addition, if we raise funds
through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us
or relinquish potentially valuable rights to our products or proprietary technologies. We may be required in future collaborations
to relinquish all or a portion of our sales and marketing rights with respect to our products or license intellectual property
that enable licensees to develop competing products in order to complete any such transaction.  

Our authorized common stock remains 100,000,000
shares. In addition to capital raising activities, other possible business and financial uses for our authorized common stock
include, without limitation, future stock splits, acquiring other companies, businesses or products in exchange for shares of
common stock, issuing shares of our common stock to partners in connection with strategic alliances, attracting and retaining
employees by the issuance of additional securities under our various equity compensation plans, satisfying any debt we may have
by issuing equity securities, or other transactions and corporate purposes that our Board of Directors, or ( Board ),
deems are in our best interest. Additionally, shares of common stock could be used for anti-takeover purposes or to delay or prevent
changes in control or management of the Company. For example, without further stockholder approval, our Board could approve the
sale of shares of common stock in a private transaction to purchasers who may oppose a takeover or favor our current Board. We
cannot provide assurances that any issuances of common stock will be consummated on favorable terms or at all, that they will
enhance stockholder value, or that they will not adversely affect our business or the trading price of our common stock. 

Under
our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board could also authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock on
terms determined by the Board. If any common or preferred stock is issued, the interests of holders of our common stock could
be diluted, and shares of preferred stock could be issued in a financing in which investors purchase preferred stock with rights,
preferences and privileges that may be superior to those of the common stock, and the market price of our common stock could decline.  

If
outstanding options and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are exercised, the interests of our stockholders could
be diluted.   

As
of July 31, 2016, in addition to 64,823,917 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, we had 2,277,968 shares reserved
for issuance under equity compensation plans for vested and unvested stock options and 1,285,000 shares reserved for issuance
for vested and unvested restricted stock units. We also had 7,056,426 shares reserved for issuance on the exercise of outstanding
warrants.  

We
may elect to reduce the exercise price of outstanding warrants as a means of providing additional financing to us. The exercise
of options and warrants, and the sale of shares underlying such options or warrants, could have an adverse effect on the market
for our common stock, including the price that an investor could obtain for their shares. Investors may experience dilution in
the net tangible book value of their investment upon the exercise of options and warrants currently outstanding, as well as options
and warrants that may be granted or issued in the future.  

Because
we are an early commercial stage company, it is difficult to evaluate our prospects and our financial results may fluctuate,
which may cause our stock price to fall.    

Since determining to focus on offering
products that address food safety risks across the food industry supply chain in August 2013, we have encountered and likely will
continue to encounter risks and difficulties associated with introducing or establishing our products in this rapidly evolving
market. These risks include the following, among others: 

we
                                         may not successfully expand our customer base;    

we
                                         may not succeed in materially penetrating the food safety markets with our SDC products
                                         and technology;    

our
                                         new sales and marketing strategy, which is built on our direct control of the sales and
                                         marketing of our products, may not be successful;    

we
                                         may not generate sufficient revenues to support our operations or the implementation
                                         of our business plan;   

we
                                         may not be successful in controlling our operating expenses;   

we
                                         may be required to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities
                                         to satisfy our contractual obligations to our executive officers;    

we
                                         may not be successful in obtaining any required regulatory approvals on a timely basis,
                                         or at all;    

we
                                         or our partners and/or distributors may not establish or maintain effective marketing
                                         programs to create product awareness or brand identity;    

our
                                         partners  and/or distributors  goals and objectives may not be consistent
                                         with our own;    

we
                                         may not attract and retain key business development, technical and management personnel;

we
                                         may not successfully comply with or maintain the regulatory approvals we obtain for our
                                         technology and products;    

we
                                         may not succeed in locating strategic partners and licensees of our technology;    

we
                                         may not effectively manage our anticipated growth, if any; and    

we
                                         may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property.     

Any failure to successfully address these
risks and uncertainties could seriously harm our business and prospects. We may not succeed given the technological, marketing,
regulatory, strategic and competitive challenges we face. In addition, because of our limited operating history and the early
commercial stage of for the use of our SDC technology in the food safety market, we have limited insight into trends that may
emerge and affect our business. Forecasting future revenues is difficult, especially because our technology is novel, and market
acceptance of our products is reliant on our customers  confidence, based on scientific data and plant trials, that our
product can improve their food safety efforts. Because food safety is such a critical factor to our customers and potential customers,
we often experience long sales cycles and our customers often require extensive evaluation and plant trial periods before agreeing
to use our products throughout their systems. In addition, fluctuations in the buying patterns of our current or potential customers
could significantly affect the level of our sales on a period to period basis. As a result, our financial results could fluctuate
to an extent that may adversely affect our stock price. There are a number of other factors that could cause our financial results
to fluctuate unexpectedly, including product sales, the mix of product sales, the cost of product sales, our ability for any reason
to be able to meet demand, the achievement and timing of research and development and regulatory milestones, changes in expenses,
including non-cash expenses such as the fair value of stock options granted, and manufacturing or supply issues, among other factors. 

If we are unable to obtain the
required regulatory approvals from the FDA and USDA, or if such efforts are delayed, our ability to commercialize PURE Control
as a direct food contact processing aid will be harmed and our business and operating results will suffer.  

We intend to offer PURE Control as a direct
food contact processing aid where it is applied as a wash for produce, meat and poultry as an intervention to prevent or kill
various food-borne pathogens. To date, we have received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control as a direct food contact
processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. No additional approval from
the USDA is required for fresh produce. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food
Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry
carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however,
received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our
ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We are continuing our
on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain
USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing, but there is no assurance that we will obtain such approval on a timely
basis, or at all.  Based on these on-going plant trials,
we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing. There is
no assurance we will receive the required approvals from the FDA and USDA for higher concentrations of SDC. Additionally, we are
currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to apply for regulatory approval to also utilize PURE
Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. If we are unable to obtain the required
regulatory approvals from the FDA and USDA, or if such efforts are delayed, our ability to commercialize PURE Control as a direct
food contact processing aid for poultry and as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meets will be restricted and our business
and operating results will suffer.  

A
loss of one or more of our key customers could adversely affect our business.    

From
time to time, one or a small number of our customers may represent a significant percentage of our revenue. Our three
largest customers accounted for 54% of our net product sales for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. Our largest customer
accounted for 37% of net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for 10% or more of our net product sales.
Although we have agreements with many of our customers, these agreements typically do not prohibit customers from purchasing
products and services from competitors or contain minimum purchase obligations. A decision by any of our major
customers to significantly reduce the amount of product ordered or license fees paid, or their failure or inability to pay
amounts owed to us in a timely manner, or at all, could have a significant adverse effect on our business.  

We
are dependent on our core SDC technology and if our efforts to achieve or maintain market acceptance of our core SDC
technology in the food safety market are not successful, we are unlikely to attain profitability.    

We have and are currently focusing substantially
all of our time and financial resources in the development and commercialization of our core SDC technology to address food safety
risks across the food industry supply chain. Although our SDC technology has applications in multiple industries, we expect that
sales of SDC and SDC-based products as a food safety solution will constitute a substantial portion, or all, of our revenues in
future periods. We are marketing our SDC-based products to restaurant chains, food manufacturers and food processors. Our SDC-based
products have not yet been broadly accepted into the food safety market, and may never be broadly accepted. Any material decrease
or significant delay in the overall level of sales or expected sales of, or the prices for, our SDC-based products, whether as
a result of competition, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, long sales cycles, change in customer demands or requirements,
or any other factor, would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain product sales or other forms of revenue
over time if new products or technologies are introduced by competitors that are more favorably received than our products, are
more cost-effective or otherwise render our products less attractive or obsolete. 

We
are subject to intense competition.    

Our SDC-based products compete in the highly
competitive food safety market. Most of our competitors have been in business for a longer period of time than we have, and offer
a greater number of products and services than we do and have greater financial, technical, sales and other resources than
we do. Many of our competitors already have well established brands and distribution capabilities, and in some cases are able
to leverage the sale of other products with more favorable terms for products competing with our own. We also have significantly
fewer sales personnel than virtually all of our competitors. Furthermore, recent trends in this industry are for large food safety
companies to consolidate into a smaller number of very large entities, which further concentrates financial, technical and market
strength and increases competitive pressure in the industry. If we directly compete with these very large entities for the same
markets and/or products, their financial strength could prevent or delay us from capturing a meaningful share the food
safety market. It is also possible that developments by our competitors will make our technologies or products noncompetitive
or obsolete. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability, and the ability of our distributors and other partners, to develop
brand recognition, develop the scientific and plant trial data to demonstrate the efficacy of our products, and to displace existing,
established and future products in our relevant target markets. We, or our distributors and partners, may not be successful in
doing so, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have limited sales, marketing and product distribution experience and resources.    

We
have limited experience in the sales, marketing and distribution of our products in the food safety market. We began to focus
on the food safety market in August 2013. We received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control as a direct food contact
processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a
 No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based
PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and
post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control
in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until
we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including
with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going
plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing
to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing conditions. There is no assurance we will receive the required
approvals from the FDA and USDA for higher concentrations of SDC. As a result, our sales and marketing experience with these products
are limited, and our current sales, distribution and marketing strategies and programs may not be successful. In addition, we
have a small sales and marketing organization and a limited number of distributors. We may not be able to establish the sales,
marketing, and distribution capabilities necessary to build our business and generate sufficient revenues to support our operations
and the implementation of our business plan.  

We
are dependent on a third-party, over whom we have limited control, to manufacture our SDC-based products.    

 On December 11, 2013, we entered
into a five-year strategic collaboration agreement with St. Louis-based Intercon Chemical Company ( ICC ) where we
granted ICC the right to be the exclusive manufacture for all our SDC-based products. We do not have any manufacturing facilities
ourselves and we currently rely on ICC to manufacture our SDC-based products and may in the future rely on one or more third-party
manufacturers to properly manufacture our products. We may not be able to quickly replace our manufacturing capacity if ICC is
unable to manufacturer our products as a result of a fire, natural disaster (including an earthquake), equipment failure or other
difficulty, or if such ICC facilities are deemed not in compliance with current  good manufacturing practices,  and
the noncompliance could not be rapidly rectified. ICC is our single manufacturer for our SDC-based products and may not be replaced
without significant effort and delay in production. A supply interruption or an increase in demand beyond our current manufacturer s
capabilities could harm our ability to manufacturer such products until new manufacturers are identified and qualified, which
would have a significant adverse effect on our business and results. Any third-party manufacturer that we find may not match our
quality standards or be able to meet customer requirements. 

 Additionally, our inability or reduced
capacity to have our products manufactured would prevent us from successfully evaluating or commercializing our proposed products.
Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our products may adversely affect our profit margins and our ability
to develop and deliver proposed products on a timely and competitive basis. 

  We rely on third parties to develop and distribute
our SDC-based products, and they may not do so successfully or diligently.   

 We have granted ICC and other third
parties to whom we license rights to our technology certain distribution and development rights to products containing SDC for
applications and markets outside the U.S. food safety market. Our reliance on ICC and other third parties for development and
distribution activities reduces our control over these activities. In such arrangements, we have relied, and expect in the future
to rely, on the third party to fund and direct product development activities and appropriate regulatory filings. Any of these
third parties may not be able to successfully develop such SDC-based products due to, among other factors, a lack of capital,
a lack of appropriate diligence, insufficient devotion to sales efforts, a change in the evaluation by the third party of the
market potential for SDC-based products, technical failures, and poorer than expected results from testing or trial use of any
products that may be developed. If the third parties on which we rely are not successful in such development activities, our business
and operating results would be adversely affected. 

If
we are unable to successfully develop or commercialize new applications of our SDC technology, or if such efforts are delayed,
our operating results will suffer.    

In addition to its use on hard surfaces, we
are pursuing potential applications of our SDC technology as a broad-spectrum antimicrobial for use as a direct food contact processing
aid where it is applied as a wash for produce, meat and poultry as an intervention to prevent or kill various food-borne pathogens.
Any product that may be developed in these fields may be delayed or may never achieve regulatory approval or be commercialized.
Delays in achieving regulatory approvals for particular applications of our products could significantly impact our product development
costs. If potential applications of our SDC technology are commercialized, we may not receive a share of future revenues
that provides an adequate return on our historical or future investment. 

If we are not able to manage any growth
we achieve effectively, our business and operating results will be harmed.   

 In order to implement our business
plan and achieve and maintain market acceptance of our SDC-based products, we will need to expand our business operations and
hire additional sales and support personnel. We may not have sufficient resources to do so. If we hire additional personnel and
invest in additional infrastructure, we may not be effective in expanding our operations and our systems, procedures or controls
may not be adequate to support any such expansion. Failure to properly manage our growth could have a material adverse effect
on our business and our operating results. 

The
industries in which we operate are heavily regulated and we may be unable to compete effectively.    

We are focused on the marketing and continued
development of our SDC antimicrobial technology for use in the food safety market. Our existing products, PURE Control and PURE
Hard Surface, and any additional products we develop based on our SDC technology in future periods, require or will require approval
by government agencies prior to marketing or sale in the U.S. or in foreign markets. Complying with applicable government regulations
and obtaining necessary regulatory approvals can be, and has historically been, time consuming and expensive, due in part, we
believe, to the novel nature of our technology. Regulatory review could involve delays or other actions adversely affecting the
development, manufacture, marketing and sale of our products. While we cannot accurately predict the outcome of any pending or
future regulatory review processes or the extent or impact of any future changes to legislation or regulations affecting review
processes, we expect such processes to remain time consuming and expensive as we, or our partners, apply for approval to make
new or additional efficacy claims for current products or to market new product formulations. Obtaining approvals for new SDC-based
products in the U.S., or in markets outside the U.S., could take several years, or may never be accomplished. 

SDC
is a platform technology rather than a single use applied technology. As such, products developed from the platform may fall under
the jurisdiction of multiple U.S. and international regulatory agencies. Our disinfectant and sanitizer products are regulated
in the U.S. by the EPA. In addition to the EPA, each of the 50 United States has its own government agencies that regulate the
sale or shipment of our products into their state. We have obtained registration for these products from the EPA and all states
into which such products are currently marketed and sold. We are required to meet certain efficacy, toxicity and labeling requirements
and pay ongoing fees in order to maintain such registrations. We may not be able to maintain these registrations in the future,
which may eliminate our continued ability to market and sell our products in some or all parts of the U.S. We also may not be
able to obtain necessary registrations with the EPA and applicable states for other SDC disinfectant and sanitizer products that
we or our partners may develop, which would limit our ability to sell any such products in the future.  

Some
potential applications of SDC, such as those aimed at healthcare, veterinary and certain food preparation markets, may require
approval of other government agencies prior to marketing or sale in the U.S. or in foreign markets, such as the U.S Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, or the United States Department of Agriculture, or USDA. Obtaining FDA and/or USDA approval is a complicated
and expensive process and such approvals may never be obtained for any SDC products. If FDA and/or USDA approvals are obtained,
the approvals may limit the uses for which SDC products may be marketed such that they may not be profitable to us, and the applicable
products would be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and/or USDA that could lead to withdrawal or limitation
of any product approvals.  

For
example, in November 2014, we withdrew, without prejudice, our FCN for raw poultry due to receipt of a Deficiency Letter from
the FDA stating that the agency has developed new data that is currently under review, which data calls into question the long
established safety levels of the dietary intake of silver in the U.S. from food contact uses previously approved by the FDA. As
a result, the FDA indicated that it would not approve our FCN absent new data or additional information that adequately addresses
its new toxicity concerns. We also received a similar Deficiency Letter from the FDA for the FCN we submitted in October 2014
for the use of SDC to reduce  Salmonella , E. coli and  Listeria  in the processing of produce. In January 2015, we
withdrew, without prejudice, our produce FCN and postponed the filing of our FCN for the use of SDC as a processing aid for beef
and pork. We resubmitted our poultry FCN in June 2015. In September 2015, we received an Acknowledgement Letter from the FDA stating
that our FCN for SDC as a raw poultry processing aid is complete and setting an effective date of December 2015. Following the
completion of additional testing demonstrating further reduction of silver residues to levels approaching non-detectable, and
subsequent encouraging discussions held with the FDA, we resubmitted our produce FCN in September 2015. We received the required
FDA approvals to market PURE Control    as a direct food contact processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce
in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s
Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to
poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry.  We
have not, however, received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively
restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We
continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in
OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted
an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to
adjust to varying plant and processing conditions.   There is no assurance we will receive the required
approvals from the FDA and USDA for higher concentrations of SDC. We are also currently testing and continuing development of
PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for
raw meats, including beef and pork. In 2017, we expect to complete testing for the use of SDC as a processing aid for beef and
pork. However, if we experience any further delays in achieving regulatory approval, or, if we failed to achieve regulatory approval
of the SDC products, it would have a significant adverse effect on our business and we would most likely not be able to support
our continued operations.  

We
intend to fund and manage certain of our EPA-regulated product development internally, in conjunction with engaging regulatory
consultants and partnering with other third parties. We have partnered, or intend to partner, with third parties who are seeking,
or intend to seek, approvals to market SDC-based products in markets outside the U.S., and with other third parties who are developing
FDA-regulated SDC-based products who, upon such development, would seek FDA approvals of such products. Our ability to market
and sell our products is dependent on our and our partners  ability to obtain and maintain required registrations and approvals
of applicable regulatory agencies. Failure by our partners or us to comply with applicable regulations could result in fines or
the withdrawal of approval for us or our partners and distributors to market our products in some or all jurisdictions or for
certain indications, which could cause us to be unable to successfully commercialize SDC or otherwise achieve revenues from sales
of such products.  

We
are subject to substantial regulation related to quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes, and
our partners, including our third-party manufacture. Failure to comply with applicable quality standards could affect our ability
to commercialize SDC products.    

The
EPA and other applicable U.S. and foreign government agencies regulate our and our partners  systems and processes, including
those of ICC, for manufacturing SDC-based products. These regulations require that we and our partners observe  good manufacturing
practices  in order to ensure product quality, safety and effectiveness. Failure by us or our partners to comply with current
or future government regulations and quality assurance guidelines could lead to temporary manufacturing shutdowns, product recalls
or related field actions, product shortages, and/or delays in product manufacturing, any or all of which could cause significant
cost to us. Further, efficacy or safety concerns and/or manufacturing quality issues with respect to our products or those of
our partners could lead to product recalls, fines, withdrawal of approvals, and/or declining sales, any or all of which could
result in our failure to successfully commercialize SDC or otherwise achieve revenue growth.  

Pricing
and supply issues may have a material impact on our margins and our ability to supply our customers.    

All
of the supply ingredients used to manufacture our products are available from multiple suppliers. However, commodity prices for
some ingredients can vary significantly and the margins that we are able to generate could decline if prices rise. For example,
both silver and citric acid prices have been volatile in recent periods.  

In
addition to such commodities, for finished products we also rely on producers of specialized packaging inputs such as bottles
and labels. Due to their specialized nature, the supply of such inputs can be periodically constrained and result in additional
costs to obtain these items, which may in turn inhibit our ability to supply products to our customers.  

We
are generally unable to increase our product prices to our customers, partners and distributors quickly in order to maintain our
margins, and significant price increases for key inputs could therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Price
increases can also result in lost sales, and any inability to supply our customers  orders can lead to lost future sales
to such customers.  

We
expect ICC to be the sole source supplier of our SDC concentrate and we may use other third parties to blend, package and provide
fulfillment activities for our finished products in future periods. We expect that our margins may be reduced by using ICC and
other such third parties, and our ability to maintain product quality may not be as extensive or effective as when we produce
these products in our own facility(ies). Any quality control issues could lead to product recalls and/or the loss of future sales,
which would reduce our revenues and/or profits.  

If
we suffer negative publicity concerning the safety or efficacy of our products, our sales may be harmed.    

If
concerns should arise about the safety or efficacy of any of our products that are marketed, regardless of whether or not such
concerns have a basis in generally accepted science or peer-reviewed scientific research, such concerns could adversely affect
the market for those products. Similarly, negative publicity could result in an increased number of product liability claims,
whether or not those claims are supported by applicable law.  

Third
parties may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights and may prevent us from manufacturing and selling some of our products.

Our
manufacture, use and sale of SDC-based products may subject us to lawsuits relating to the validity and infringement of patents
or other proprietary rights of third parties. Litigation may be costly and time-consuming, and could divert the attention of our
management and technical personnel. If we are found to have violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual
property or proprietary rights of others, such a finding could result in the need to cease use of a trademark, trade secret, copyrighted
work or patented invention in our business and our obligation to pay a substantial amount for past infringement. If the rights
holders are willing to permit us to continue to use their intellectual property rights, it may be necessary for us to enter into
license arrangements with unfavorable terms and pay substantial amounts in royalty and other license fees. Either having to cease
use or pay such fees could prevent us, or our third-party manufacture, from manufacturing and selling our products, which could
make us much less competitive in our industry and have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial
condition.  

We
may become subject to product liability claims.    

As
a business that manufactures and markets products for use by consumers and institutions, we may become liable for any damage caused
by our products, whether used in the manner intended or not, including potentially damage to our customers  businesses.
Regardless of merit or potential outcome, product liability claims against us may result in, among other effects, the inability
to commercialize our products, impairment of our business reputation, and distraction of management s attention from our
primary business. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims we could incur substantial liabilities.
Although we maintain general and product liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims and may not be adequate
to indemnify for liabilities that may be imposed. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess
of insurance coverage could harm our business and operating results.  

Litigation
or the actions of regulatory authorities may harm our business or otherwise distract our management.    

Substantial,
complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur major expenditures and would distract our management. For example, lawsuits
against us or our officers or directors by employees, former employees, stockholders, partners, customers, or others, or actions
taken by regulatory authorities, could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business. Such lawsuits and actions are not
uncommon, and we may not be able to resolve such disputes or actions on terms favorable to us, and there may not be sufficient
capital resources available to defend such actions effectively, or at all.  

Maintaining
compliance with our obligations as a public company may strain our resources and distract management, and if we do not remain
compliant, our stock price may be adversely affected.    

Our
common stock is registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). It is therefore
subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange
Act. Both the U.S. Congress and the SEC continue to issue new and proposed rules, and complying with existing and new rules has
caused, and will continue to cause, us to devote significant financial and other resources to maintain our status as a public
company. These regulatory costs and requirements will continue to increase our losses in future periods, and we expect that an
increasing amount of management time and effort will be needed to meet our regulatory obligations. In addition, if we were to
list our common stock on a national securities exchange, our administrative costs could increase. For example, in April 2008,
we obtained a listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Administrative costs significantly increased during the
period between September 2011 and September 2012 due to a series of notices and a lengthy appeal process in connection with the
potential delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Capital Market. However, NASDAQ delisted us and suspended trading in our
securities effective with the open of business on Friday, May 17, 2013, and our common stock began trading on the OTCQB marketplace.  

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
requires that we evaluate our internal control systems and that management report on and attest to the adequacy of our internal
controls. All of these and other reporting requirements and heightened corporate governance obligations that we face, or may face
in the future, will further increase the cost to us, perhaps substantially, of remaining compliant with our obligations under the
Exchange Act and other applicable laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. In order to meet these
incremental obligations, we will need to invest in our corporate and accounting infrastructure and systems, and acquire additional
services from third party auditors and advisors. As a result of these requirements and investments, we may incur significant additional
expenses and may suffer a significant diversion of management s time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to continue
to meet these obligations in a timely manner. If we fail to do so, we could be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory
authorities such as the SEC. Any such actions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock, perhaps significantly. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results
or prevent fraud. As a result, the Company s stockholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which could harm
our business and the value of the Company s common shares.   

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting. Our internal
controls and financial reporting are not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the exemption provided to issuers that are not  large accelerated filers  or  accelerated filers  under
the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate internal controls over our
financial reporting and financial processes in the future. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need
improvement. Furthermore, to the extent our business grows, our internal controls may become more complex, and we would require
significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. If we or our independent auditors discover a material
weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market value of the Company s common stock.
Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant
time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not
be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner.  

Our
publicly filed reports are reviewed from time to time by the SEC, and any significant changes or amendments required as a result
of any such review may result in material liability to us and may have a material adverse impact on the trading price of our common
stock.    

The
reports and other securities filings of publicly traded companies are subject to review by the SEC from time to time for the purpose
of assisting companies in complying with applicable disclosure requirements. The SEC is required, pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to undertake a comprehensive review of a company s reports at least once every three years, although an SEC
review may be initiated at any time. While we believe that our previously filed SEC reports comply, and we intend that all future
reports will comply, in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC, we could be required to modify,
amend or reformulate information contained in our filings as a result of any SEC review. Any modification, amendment or reformulation
of information contained in such reports could be significant and result in material liability to us and have a material adverse
impact on the trading price of our common stock.  

We
depend on key personnel for our continued operations and future success, and a loss of certain key personnel could significantly
hinder our ability to move forward with our business plan.    

Our success depends largely on the execution
of our business strategy by our management team. Management will be evaluating how to best execute our near-term strategy to drive
customer adoption in the food industry by addressing food safety solutions across the supply chain in order to prevent or mitigate
food contamination or the potential for food-borne illness with specific customer focus in foodservice providers, food processors
and food manufacturers. Our executive officers and key personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time without
notice and without penalty. Additionally, we do not maintain key person life insurance policies on our executive officers or other
employees. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could seriously harm our ability to execute on our
business strategy, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or the market price of our common
stock. We cannot assure you that in such an event we would be able to recruit qualified personnel able to replace these individuals
in a timely manner, or at all, on terms acceptable to either us or to any qualified candidate. Even if we were able to replace
any such individuals in a timely manner, if we are unable to effectively integrate new executive officers or key employees,
our operations and prospects could be harmed. 

Because
competition for highly qualified business development and bioengineering personnel is intense, we may not be able to attract and
retain the employees we need to support our potential growth.    

To
successfully meet our objectives, we must attract and retain highly qualified business development and bioengineering personnel
with specialized skill sets focused on the industries in which we compete, or intend to compete. Competition for qualified business
development and bioengineering personnel can be intense. Our ability to meet our business development objectives will depend in
part on our ability to recruit, train and retain top quality people with advanced skills who understand our technology and business.
In addition, it takes time for our new personnel to become productive and to learn our business. If we are unable to hire or retain
qualified business development and bioengineering personnel, it will be difficult for us to sell our products or to license our
technology or to achieve or maintain regulatory approvals, and we may experience a shortfall in revenue and not achieve our anticipated,
or any, growth.  

We
may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions
to our management.    

From
time to time we may consider engaging in strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing
or in-licensing of products, product candidates or technologies. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or
other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our
management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, these transactions may
entail numerous operational and financial risks, including, among others, exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business
and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products, product candidates or technologies,
difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel, and
inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. Accordingly, although we may not choose to undertake or may not
be able to successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do undertake or complete
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

We
may invest or spend our cash in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return.    

Our
management has considerable discretion in the use of our cash. Our cash may be used for purposes that do not increase our operating
results or market value, including the satisfaction of our contractual obligations to our executive officers. Until the
cash is used, it may be placed in investments that do not produce significant income or that may lose value. The failure of our
management to invest or spend our cash effectively could result in unfavorable returns and uncertainty about our prospects, each
of which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.  

We
may not be able to utilize all, or any, of our tax net operating loss carry-forwards and our future after-tax earnings, if any,
could be reduced.    

At
July 31, 2016, we had federal and California tax net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $95.4 million and $79.0
million, respectively. Utilization of these net operating loss carry-forwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation
due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred, including with respect to our recent private placements, or that could
occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as well as similar state provisions. These ownership
changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carry-forwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income
and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, results from a
transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points
of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups. Since our formation, we have raised capital through
the issuance of capital stock on several occasions (both before and after our initial public offering in 1996) which, combined
with the purchasing stockholders  subsequent disposition of those shares, may have resulted in such an ownership change,
or could result in an ownership change in the future based upon subsequent disposition. While we believe that we have not experienced
an ownership change, the pertinent tax rules related thereto are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and thus the
applicable taxing authorities may take an alternative position.  

Our
current federal tax loss carry-forwards began expiring in the year ended July 31, 2011 and, unless previously utilized, will completely
expire in the year ending July 31, 2036. The balance of our current federal net operating loss carry-forwards will expire between
July 31, 2019 and July 31, 2036. Our California tax loss carry-forwards will begin to expire in the year ending July 31, 2016,
and will completely expire in the year ending July 31, 2036. If we are unable to earn sufficient profits to utilize the carry-forwards
by these dates, they will no longer be available to offset future profits, if any.  

We
are subject to tax audits by various tax authorities in multiple jurisdictions.    

From
time to time we may be audited by tax authorities to whom we are subject. Any assessment resulting from such audits, if any, could
result in material changes to our past or future taxable income, tax payable or deferred tax assets, and could require us to pay
penalties and interest that could materially adversely affect our financial results.  

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property     

If
we are unable to obtain, maintain or defend the patent and other intellectual property rights relating to our technology, we or
our collaborators and distributors may not be able to develop and market proprietary products based on our technology, which would
have a material adverse impact on our results of operations .    

We
rely and expect in the future to continue to rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright protections,
as well as contractual restrictions, to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology and business.  

Legal
protections of our intellectual property and proprietary rights afford only limited protection. For instance, we currently own
twelve U.S. patents related to our SDC technology. The lives of these patents, and any patents that we may obtain in the future,
are not indefinite, and the value to us of some or all of our patents may be limited by their terms. Further, although we have
a number of U.S. and international patent applications pending, some or all of those applications may not result in issued patents,
and the intellectual property claims therein would be unprotected. Additionally, obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends
on our compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by government patent
agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. Furthermore, the
patent positions of bioscience companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions,
and, therefore, we cannot predict with certainty whether we will be able to ultimately enforce our patents or other intellectual
property rights. Third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products,
product candidates and technologies. In addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with similar products
or technologies because competing products or technologies may not infringe our patents.  

From
time to time, U.S. and other policymakers have proposed reforming the patent laws and regulations of their countries. In September
2011, after years of Congressional debate regarding patent reform legislation, President Obama signed into law the America Invents
Act (the  Act ) considered by many to be the most substantial revision of U.S. patent law since 1952. The Act s
various provisions will go into effect over an 18-month period. The Act changes the current  first-to-invent  system
to a system that awards a patent to the  first-inventor-to-file  for an application for a patentable invention. This
change alters the pool of available materials that can be used to challenge patents and eliminates the ability to rely on prior
research work in order to lay claim to patent rights. Disputes as to whether the first filer is in fact the true inventor will
be resolved through newly implemented derivation proceedings. The Act also creates mechanisms to allow challenges to newly issued
patents in the patent office in post-grant proceedings and new inter partes reexamination proceedings. Although many of the changes
bring U.S. law into closer harmony with European and other national patent laws, the new bases and procedures may make it easier
for competitors to challenge our patents, which could result in increased competition and have a material adverse effect on our
product sales, business and results of operations. The changes may also make it harder to challenge third-party patents and place
greater importance on being the first inventor to file a patent application on an invention.  

In addition, to the extent that we operate
internationally, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S.
Many countries have a  first-to-file  trademark registration system, which may prevent us from registering or using
our trademarks in certain countries if third parties have previously filed applications to register or have registered the same
or similar trademarks. Additionally, changes in the patent and/or trademark laws or interpretations of such laws in the U.S. or
other countries could diminish the value of our intellectual property rights. Moreover, our competitors may develop competing technologies
that are not covered by the claims of, and therefore do not infringe upon, our issued patents, which could render our patents less
valuable to us. If our proprietary rights cannot be, or are not sufficiently, protected by patent and trademark registrations,
it could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and products. 

Our
own efforts to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may also be insufficient. Despite efforts to protect
our proprietary rights, including without limitation through confidentiality and other similar contractual restrictions, our means
of protecting such rights may not be adequate and unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our proprietary technology,
obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary, or otherwise misappropriate our intellectual property. In addition,
unpatented proprietary rights, including trade secrets and know-how, can be difficult to protect and may lose their value if they
are independently developed by a third party or if their secrecy is lost. It is possible that, despite our efforts, competitors
or others will create and use products, adopt service names similar to our service names or otherwise violate or misappropriate
our proprietary rights. The infringement of such rights could have a material negative impact on our business and on our results
of operations.  

Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, which would be expensive and could consume
time and other resources. The result of any such litigation may be the court s ruling that our patents or other intellectual
property rights are invalid and/or should not be enforced. Additionally, even if the validity of such rights is upheld, the court
could refuse to stop a third party s infringing activity on the ground that such activities do not infringe our rights.
The U.S. Supreme Court has recently revised certain tests regarding granting patents and assessing the validity of patents to
make it more difficult to obtain patents. As a consequence, issued patents may be found to contain invalid claims according to
the newly revised standards. Some of our patents may be subject to challenge and subsequent invalidation or significant narrowing
of claim scope in a reexamination proceeding, or during litigation, under the revised criteria.  

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property
rights and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or use, our technology.    

If we choose to go to court to attempt
to stop someone else from using the inventions claimed in our patents, that individual or company has the right to ask the
court to rule that our patents are invalid and/or should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits are expensive
and would consume time and other resources even if we were successful in stopping the infringement of these patents. In addition,
there is a risk that the court will decide that these patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop the other
party from using the inventions. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court will
refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other party s activities do not infringe our rights to these patents. 

Furthermore,
a third party may claim that we are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may file an injunction
to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our products. These lawsuits are
costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel. There is a risk
that a court would decide that we are infringing the third party s patents and would order us to stop the activities covered
by the patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having violated the
other party s patents. The biotechnology industry has produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to
industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents
is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement,
we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods of use either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent
and/or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity, in particular, is difficult
since it requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents.  

Because
some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in
the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen months after filing, and publications
in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications
for technology covered by our issued patents or our pending applications or that we were the first to invent the technology. Our
competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent
application may have priority over our patent applications and could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering
such technologies. If another party has filed a United States patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to
participate in an interference proceeding declared by the PTO, to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs
of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of
our United States patent position with respect to such inventions.  

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have
substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations.  

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information
and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete.    

We
may rely in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our proprietary trade secrets and unpatented know-how. However,
trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we cannot be certain that others will not develop the same or similar technologies
on their own. We have taken steps, including entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside
scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how. These
agreements generally require that the other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all confidential information
developed by the party or made known to the party by us during the course of the party s relationship with us. We also typically
obtain agreements from these parties which provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services
to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual
property rights to us. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets or know-how is difficult,
expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing
to protect trade secrets or know-how. The failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive
position.  

We
may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers.

As
is common in the biotechnology, food, chemical and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed
at other biotechnology, food, chemical or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although
no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise
used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend
against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management.  

Risks
Related to our Common Stock     

The
price of our common stock may be volatile.    

Our
common stock is approved for quotation on the OTC Markets  OTCQB marketplace under the symbol  PURE.  The OTCQB
is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter equity
securities and provides significantly less liquidity than a listing on the Nasdaq Stock Markets or other national securities exchange.
The OTCQB securities are traded by a community of market makers that enter quotes and trade reports. This market is limited in
comparison to the national stock exchanges and any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication of the value of our common stock.
Quotes for stocks included on the OTCQB are not listed in the financial sections of newspapers as are those for the Nasdaq Stock
Market or the NYSE. Therefore, prices for securities traded solely on the OTCQB may be difficult to obtain.  

Trading
                                         on the OTCQB Marketplace as opposed to a national securities exchange has resulted and
                                         may continue to result in a reduction in some or all of the following, each of which
                                         could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock and our company: 

the
    liquidity of our common stock;    

the
    market price of shares of our common stock;    

our
    ability to obtain financing to support our operations and the implementation of our business plan;    

the
    number of institutional and other investors that will consider investing in shares of our common stock;    

the
    number of market markers in shares of our common stock;    

the
    availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of shares of our common stock; and    

the
    number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common stock.    

The price and trading volume of our common
stock have historically been volatile. For example, during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the closing market price of our
common stock ranged from $0.62 per share to $1.50 per share, and the monthly trading volume varied from approximately 270,000
shares to 3,750,000 shares. 

In addition, the market price of our common
stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to: 

actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;    

announcements
    regarding the status of our regulatory efforts;   

the
    determination that our shares of common stock are  penny stock  which will require brokers trading in our shares
    of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, likely resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary
    trading market for our shares of common stock;    

the
    sale by us of our common or preferred stock or other securities, or the anticipation of sales of such securities;    

the
    trading volume of our common stock, particularly if such volume is light;    

the
    introduction of new products or services, or product or service enhancements by us or our competitors;    

developments
    with respect to our or our competitors  intellectual property rights or regulatory approvals or denials;    

announcements
    of significant acquisitions or other agreements by us or our competitors;    

sales
    or anticipated sales of our common stock by our insiders (management and directors);    

conditions
    and trends in our industry;    

changes
    in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;    

changes
    in the estimation of the future size and growth of our markets; and    

general
    economic conditions.    

In addition, the stock market in general,
the OTCQB, and the market for shares of novel technology and biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that in some cases may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
Further, the market prices of bioscience companies  stock have been unusually volatile in recent periods, and such volatility
may continue for the foreseeable future. These broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, this volatility could adversely affect an investor s ability
to sell shares of our common stock, and/or the available price for such shares, at any given time. 

Our
common stock is deemed to be  penny stock,  which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due
to suitability requirements.    

Shares
of our common stock are subject to the so-called  penny stock  rules as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These requirements may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing
the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties
or to otherwise dispose of them. This could cause our stock price to decline.  

Broker-dealers
dealing in penny stocks are required to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stock. Moreover,
broker-dealers are required to determine whether an investment in a penny stock is a suitable investment for a prospective investor.
Such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could limit the market
price and liquidity of our common stock.  

The
price of our common stock may be volatile, which may cause investment losses for our stockholders.    

The
price and trading volume of our common stock have historically been volatile. For example, during the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016, the closing market price of our common stock ranged from $0.62 per share to $1.50 per share, and the monthly trading volume
varied from approximately 270,000 shares to 3,750,000 shares. The market price of our common stock may continue to be volatile
and could fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including, among others, the following:  

actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;    

announcements regarding
                                         the status of our regulatory efforts; 

the
    determination that our shares of common stock are  penny stock  which will require brokers trading in our shares
    of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, likely resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary
    trading market for our shares of common stock;    

the
    sale by us of our common or preferred stock or other securities, or the anticipation of sales of such securities;    

the
    trading volume of our common stock, particularly if such volume is light;    

the
    introduction of new products or services, or product or service enhancements by us or our competitors;    

developments
    with respect to our or our competitors  intellectual property rights or regulatory approvals or denials;    

announcements
    of significant acquisitions or other agreements by us or our competitors;    

sales
    or anticipated sales of our common stock by our insiders (management and directors);    

conditions
    and trends in our industry;    

changes
    in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;    

changes
    in the estimation of the future size and growth of our markets; and    

general
    economic conditions.    

In
addition, the stock market in general, the OTCQB, and the market for shares of novel technology and biotechnology companies in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that in some cases may be unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. Further, the market prices of bioscience companies  stock have been unusually
volatile in recent periods, and such volatility may continue for the foreseeable future. These broad market and industry factors
may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, this volatility
could adversely affect an investor s ability to sell shares of our common stock, and/or the available price for such shares,
at any given time.  

Following
periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholder derivative lawsuits and securities class
action litigation are common. Such litigation, if instituted against us or our officers and directors, could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources.  

Potential
sales or issuances of our common stock to raise capital, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause dilution to
our current stockholders and the price of our common stock to fall.   

We
have historically supported our operations through the issuance of equity securities and expect to continue to do
so in the future. For example, during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we closed two private placements of 17,777,772 shares
of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of $8,000,000 and warrants to purchase 20,376,219 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $0.45 per share. Subsequently, warrants to purchase 8,666,666 shares of Common Stock expired and warrants to purchase
6,666,666 shares of Common Stock were cancelled. Although we may not be successful in obtaining financing through equity sales
on terms that are favorable to us in the future, if at all, any such sales that do occur could result in substantial dilution
to the interests of existing holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common
stock or other equity securities to any new investors, or the anticipation of such sales, could cause the trading price of our
common stock to fall.  

We
have never paid dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

The
continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable
future should not purchase our common stock. We have paid no cash dividends on any of our capital stock to date and we currently
intend to retain our available cash to fund the development and growth of our business. Any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual
restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board deems relevant. We do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation
of their stock, which may never occur.  

Anti-takeover
provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market
price of our stock.    

Certain
provisions of our charter and bylaws may delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors and may prevent or delay a merger,
tender offer, or proxy contest involving us that is not approved by our Board, even if such events may be beneficial to the interests
of stockholders. For example, our Board, without stockholder approval, has the authority and power to authorize the issuance of
up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and such preferred stock could have voting or conversion rights that could adversely
affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock. Further, the one-for-eight reverse stock split of our outstanding
common stock that we effected on August 14, 2012 has increased the proportion of unissued and authorized common shares to issued
and outstanding common shares, which could allow our Board to issue large numbers of additional shares of our common stock that
could significantly reduce the voting power of our current stockholders. In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may discourage, delay or prevent certain business combinations with stockholders
owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our charter documents may make it more difficult
for stockholders or potential acquirers to initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including
delaying or impeding a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest or other change of control transaction involving the Company. Any
delay or prevention of a change of control transaction could cause stockholders to lose a substantial premium over the then-current
market price of their shares.  

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   

None.  

Item
2. Properties   

We
lease a facility in El Cajon, California covering a total of approximately 7,400 square feet. This is our only facility and it
includes our corporate offices, research and development laboratory and warehouse. Our current lease on this facility expires
in December 2019.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings   

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
The impact and outcome of litigation, if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters
may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims to
which we or our wholly owned subsidiary is a party or of which any of our property is subject that we believe will have, individually
or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

Item
5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Information
About Our Common Stock   

Our
common stock is approved for quotation on the OTC Markets  OTCQB marketplace under the symbol  PURE.  The OTCQB
is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter equity
securities. The OTCQB securities are traded by a community of market makers that enter quotes and trade reports. This market is
limited in comparison to the national stock exchanges and any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication of the value of our
common stock.  

On October 24, 2016, the closing price
of our common stock reported on the OTCQB was $1.05 per share. The following table sets forth, for each of the quarterly
periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of our common stock, as reported on the OTCQB. 

Holders   

As of October 24, 2016, we had approximately
227 holders of record of our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners holding common stock in street name. 

Dividend
Policy   

We
have never paid dividends and have no current plans to do so. We currently anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings,
if any, for use in the development and expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay
dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition
and other factors that the Board, in its discretion, may deem relevant.  

Repurchase
of Equity Securities   

None.  

Information
About Our Equity Compensation Plans   

The
information required under this heading is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information set forth in Item 12
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data   

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing
scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

All
references to  PURE,   we,   our,   us  and the  Company  in this
Item 7 refer to PURE Bioscience, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary.   

The
discussion in this section contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events, our future operations
or our future financial performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   can,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   predict,   should, 
 would  or  will  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, but their absence does
not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, which could cause our actual results to differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make.
Several risks and uncertainties we face are discussed in more detail under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of this
Annual Report or in the discussion and analysis below. You should, however, understand that it is not possible to predict or identify
all risks and uncertainties and you should not consider the risks and uncertainties identified by us to be a complete set of all
potential risks or uncertainties that could materially affect us. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
we make herein because some or all of them may turn out to be wrong. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events and developments, except as required by law. The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

Overview   

We
are focused on developing and commercializing proprietary antimicrobial products that provide safe and cost-effective solutions
to the health and environmental challenges of pathogen and hygienic control. Our technology platform is based on patented stabilized
ionic silver, and our initial products contain silver dihydrogen citrate, or SDC. SDC is a broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial
agent, which offers 24-hour residual protection and formulates well with other compounds. As a platform technology, we believe
SDC is distinguished from existing products in the marketplace because of its superior efficacy, reduced toxicity and the inability
of bacteria to form a resistance to it.  

Our
SDC-based technology platform has potential application in a number of industries. Our near-term focus is on offering products
that address food safety risks across the food industry supply chain. In 2011, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) reported that foodborne illnesses affect more than 48 million people annually in the U.S., causing 128,000 hospitalizations
and 3,000 fatalities. The CDC estimated that more than 9 million of these foodborne illnesses were attributed to major pathogens.
The CDC reported that contaminated produce was responsible for approximately 46% of the foodborne illnesses caused by pathogens
and 23% of the foodborne illness-related deaths in the US between 1998 and 2008. Among the top pathogens contributing to foodborne
illness in the U.S. are Norovirus,  Salmonella ,  Campylobacter ,  Staphylococcus , Shiga toxin producing
 Escherichia coli  and  Listeria .  Salmonella  is the leading cause of hospitalization, followed by Norovirus,
and is the leading cause of deaths related to foodborne illness.  

Based on these statistics, we believe there
is a significant market opportunity for our safe, non-toxic and effective SDC-based solutions. We currently offer PURE  
 Hard Surface as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to restaurant chains and food processors. We also offer
PURE Control    as a direct food contact processing aid. We received the required FDA approvals to market PURE
Control    as a direct food contact processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January
2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection
Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and
organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required
approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize
PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to
optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in
that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow
us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing
conditions. Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval
to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. In addition to our
direct sales efforts with PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we market and sell our SDC-based products indirectly through third-party
distributors. 

Financial
Overview    

This
financial overview provides a general description of our revenue and expenses.  

Net
Product Sales    

We
manufacture and sell SDC-based products for end use, and as a raw material for manufacturing use. We also license our products
and technology to development and commercialization partners. Revenue is recognized when realized or realizable and earned. Any
amounts received prior to satisfying revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue. See  Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates    Revenue Recognition  .  

Cost
of Goods Sold    

Cost
of goods sold for product sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture products, including materials consumed, manufacturing
overhead, shipping costs, salaries, benefits, reserved inventory, and related expenses of operations. Depreciation related to
manufacturing is systematically allocated to inventory produced, and expensed through cost of goods sold at the time inventory
is sold.  

Selling,
General and Administrative    

Selling,
general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other related costs for personnel in business development,
sales, finance, accounting, information technology, and executive functions. Other selling, general and administrative costs include
product marketing, advertising, and trade show costs, as well as public relations and investor relations, facility costs, and
legal, accounting and other professional fees.  

Research
and Development    

Our
research and development activities are focused on leveraging our technology platform to develop additional proprietary products
and applications. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel and related costs, product registration expenses,
and third-party testing. We expense research and development costs as incurred.  

Other
Income (Expense)    

We
record interest income, interest expense, change in derivative liabilities, as well as other non-operating transactions, as other
income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.  

Results
of Operations   Comparison of the Years Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015   

Fluctuations
in Operating Results    

Our
results of operations have fluctuated significantly from period to period in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the
future. We anticipate that our results of operations will be affected for the foreseeable future by several factors that may contribute
to these periodic fluctuations, including fluctuations in the buying patterns of our current or potential customers for which
we have no visibility, the mix of product sales including a change in the percentage of higher or lower margin formulations and
packaging configurations of our products, the cost of product sales including component costs and contract labor as needed to
meet fluctuations in demand not supportable by our existing workforce, our inability for any reason to be able to meet demand,
the achievement and timing of research and development and regulatory milestones, unforeseen changes in expenses, including non-cash
expenses such as the fair value of equity awards granted and the fair value change of derivative liabilities, the calculation
of which includes several variable assumptions, and unforeseen manufacturing or supply issues, among other issues. Due to these
fluctuations, we believe that the period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not a reliable indication of our future
performance. As of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any trends in these factors or events or conditions that we believe
are reasonably likely to impact our results of operations in the future.  

Net
Product Sales    

Net
product sales were $1,289,000 and $729,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $560,000
was primarily attributable to new customer sales in the food safety industry, as well as sales fluctuations within our existing
legacy customer base. Our top three customers accounted for $691,000 of net product sales for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, one legacy customer accounted for 37% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted
for 10% or more of our net product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows: 100% U.S.  

For
the year ended July 31, 2015, one legacy customer accounted for 47% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted
for 10% or more of our net product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows: 97% U.S., and 3% foreign.  

Cost
of Goods Sold    

Cost
of goods sold was $441,000 and $285,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $156,000 is
primarily attributable to increased net product sales.  

Gross
margin, as a percentage of net product sales, or gross margin percentage, was 66% and 61% for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The increase in gross margin percentage was primarily attributable to the sale of higher margin formulations
and packaging configurations of our products during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as compared with the prior year.  

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense    

Selling,
general and administrative expense was $5,076,000 and $4,912,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
increase of $164,000 was primarily attributable to business development and marketing costs, impairment expense and legal fees,
offset by decreased facility and personnel costs.  

Research
and Development Expense    

Research
and development expense was $927,000 and $790,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $137,000
was primarily attributable to third-party testing and research supporting our FDA approvals.  

Share-Based
Compensation     

Share-based
compensation expense was $1,902,000 and $2,382,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease of $480,000
is primarily due to the vesting of restricted stock units granted to employees and directors supporting our selling, general and
administrative, and research and development functions during the prior fiscal year. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements.  

Fair
Value of Derivative Liabilities in Excess of Proceeds    

The
fair value of derivative liabilities in excess of proceeds was $1,867,000 and zero for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. During the year ended July 31, 2016, we raised $8 million in private placement financings. In connection with the
private placements, we issued warrants that contain derivative features. The expense recognized during the year ended July 31,
2016, is the result of the fair value of the warrant liabilities recorded in connection with the private placements in excess
of the proceeds received (See Notes 6 and 7).  

Change
in Derivative Liability    

Change
in derivative liability for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was an increase of $5,481,000 and a decrease of $5,000, respectively.
The increase is due to the 20,376,219 warrants issued in connection with the October and November Private Placement Financings,
as well as, warrant exercises, expirations, and cancellations and updates to the assumptions used in the fair value pricing model
for warrants at the end of the reporting period (See Notes 5 and 6).  

Interest
Expense, net    

Interest
expense for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $10,000 and $8,000, respectively.  

Other
(Expense) Income, net    

Other
income for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $44,000 and $16,000, respectively.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Since
our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private offerings of securities, debt financing, and
revenue from product sales and license agreements. We have a history of recurring losses, and as of July 31, 2016, we have incurred
a cumulative net loss of $103,219,000.  

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, we issued a total of 17,777,772 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 20,376,219 shares
of common stock for gross proceeds of $8.0 million in private placement financings in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state
laws. In addition, we received $1,269,000 from the exercise of warrants to purchase 2,820,670 shares of our common stock.  

As
of July 31, 2016, we had $5,194,000 in cash and cash equivalents compared with $1,321,000 in cash and cash equivalents as of July
31, 2015. The net increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily attributable to proceeds from our issuance of common stock
in the private placement noted above. Additionally, as of July 31, 2016, we had $2,536,000 of current liabilities, including $479,000
in accounts payable, compared with $869,000 of current liabilities, including $560,000 in accounts payable as of July 31, 2015.
The net increase in current liabilities is due to the derivative liability incurred from the issuance of warrants associated with
the $8.0 million financing discussed above.  

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of July 31, 2016.  

In addition, from time to time we have
entered into employment agreements with our executives that, under certain cases, provide for the continuation of salary and certain
other benefits if these executives are terminated under specified circumstances. These agreements also provide our executive officers
with the right to require us to pay their state and federal withholding and other employment taxes upon the vesting and settlement
of their equity awards in exchange for the executive officers agreeing to cancel that number of shares of common stock equal to
the tax obligations we pay on their behalf. These agreements generally expire upon termination for cause or when we have met our
obligations under these agreements. As of July 31, 2016, no events have occurred resulting in the obligation of any such
payments. 

As of October 24, 2016, we believe that our current cash
resources, together with our efforts to generate revenue through the marketing and sale of our products and our efforts to control
our operating expenses, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated needs over the next 12 months. However, we do not yet have,
and we may never have, significant cash inflows from product sales or from other sources of revenue to offset our ongoing and
planned investments in corporate infrastructure, research and development projects, regulatory submissions, business development
initiatives, and sales and marketing activities, among other investments. Some or all of our ongoing or planned investments may
not be successful and could result in further losses. In addition, irrespective of our cash resources, we may be contractually
or legally obligated to make certain investments which cannot be postponed. 

Our future capital requirements depend on
numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the following: the acceptance of, and demand
for, our products; our success and the success of our partners in selling our products; our success and the success of our partners
in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell our products; the costs of further developing our existing products and technologies;
the extent to which we invest in new product and technology development; our contractual obligations under our existing agreements
with our executive officers; and the costs associated with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business.
The outcome of these and other forward-looking factors will substantially affect our liquidity and capital resources. 

As a result, we will need to
increase our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures. These measures may include, but are not limited to, the
following: reducing operating expenses; obtaining financing through the issuance of equity, debt, or convertible securities; entering
into partnerships, licenses, or other arrangements with third parties; and reducing the exercise price of outstanding warrants.
Any one of these measures could substantially reduce the value to us of our technology and its commercial potential as it may
be necessary to enter into arrangements with less favorable terms than otherwise possible. Additionally, a reduction in operating
expenses will require a reduction in the sales, marketing, and other commercialization activities required to bring our products
to market. If we issue equity, debt or convertible securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience
dilution, and the new equity, debt or convertible securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our
existing stockholders. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. It could cause
us to fail to execute our business plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures
or customer requirements. It also may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development
programs, to license to third parties the right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize
ourselves, or to reduce or cease operations altogether. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to
significantly modify our business model and operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates    

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our audited consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

We
believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to aid you in understanding and evaluating our reported financial
results.  

Revenue
Recognition    

We
sell our products to distributors and end users. We record net sales when we sell products to our customers, rather than when
our customers resell products to third parties. When we sell products to our customers, we reduce the balance of our inventory
with a corresponding charge to cost of goods sold. We do not currently have any consignment sales.  

Terms
of our product sales are generally FOB shipping point. Net sales are recognized when delivery of the products has occurred (which
is generally at the time of shipment), title has passed to the customer, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collectability
is reasonably assured and we have no further obligations. Any amounts received prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria
are recorded as deferred revenue. We record net sales net of discounts at the time of sale and report net sales net of such discounts.  

We
also license our products and technology to development and commercialization partners. License fee revenue consists of product
and technology license fees earned. If multiple-element arrangements require on-going services or performance, then upfront product
and technology license fees under such arrangements are deferred and recognized over the period of such services or performance.
Non-refundable amounts received for substantive milestones are recognized upon achievement of the milestone. Any amounts received
prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue.  

Share-Based
Compensation    

We
grant equity-based awards under share-based compensation plans. We estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards using
the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards.
The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying
stock, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option. Share-based compensation expense is based on
awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. Changes in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes
option valuation model could materially affect our net loss and net loss per share.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets     

In
accordance with GAAP, if indicators of impairment exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected long-lived assets by determining
whether the carrying value of such assets can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows. If impairment is
indicated, we measure the amount of such impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the fair value of the asset
and we record the impairment as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating results. Estimating
the undiscounted future cash flows associated with long-lived assets requires judgment, and assumptions could differ materially
from actual results. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 we incurred $48,000 of expense related to the abandonment of a
pending patent not associated with our core business. There were no patent impairments during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015.  

For
purposes of testing impairment, we group our long-lived assets at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows
independent of other asset groups. Currently, there is only one level of aggregation for our intangible assets. We assess the
impairment of long-lived assets, consisting of property, plant, equipment and finite-lived intangible assets primarily consisting
of the worldwide patent portfolio of our silver ion technologies, annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or circumstances include:  

an
    asset group s inability to continue to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods;    

loss
    of legal ownership or title to an asset;    

significant
    changes in our strategic business objectives and utilization of the asset(s); and    

the
    impact of significant negative industry or economic trends.    

Additionally,
on a quarterly basis we review the significant assumptions underlying our impairment assessment to determine that our previous
conclusions remain valid. As part of our review, we consider changes in revenue growth rates, operating margins, working capital
needs and other expenditures. With the exception of the impairment discussed above we have not identified any asset groups where
undiscounted cash flows were not substantially in excess of carrying value.  

Recoverability
of assets to be held and used in operations is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the assets. The factors used to evaluate the future net cash flows, while reasonable, require
a high degree of judgment and the results could vary if the actual results are materially different than the forecasts. In addition,
we base useful lives and amortization or depreciation expense on our subjective estimate of the period that the assets will generate
revenue or otherwise be used by us. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported
at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less selling costs.  

We
also periodically review the lives assigned to our intangible assets to ensure that our initial estimates do not exceed any revised
estimated periods from which we expect to realize cash flows from the technologies. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned
factors or estimates, the likelihood of a material change in our reported results would increase.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments    

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow or market or foreign currency risks.  

We
review the terms of the common stock, warrants and convertible debt we issue to determine whether there are derivative instruments,
including embedded conversion options that are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as derivative financial
instruments. In circumstances where the host instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including a conversion
option, that is required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument.  

Derivatives
are initially recorded at fair value and are then revalued at each reporting date with changes in the fair value reported as non-operating
income or expense. When the equity or convertible debt instruments contain embedded derivative instruments that are to be bifurcated
and accounted for as liabilities, the total proceeds received are first allocated to the fair value of all the bifurcated derivative
instruments. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the host instruments themselves, usually resulting in those
instruments being recorded at a discount from their face value.  

Various factors are considered in the pricing
models we use to value the warrants, including the Company s current stock price, the remaining life of the warrants, the
volatility of the Company s stock price, and the risk free interest rate. Future changes in these factors will have a significant
impact on the computed fair value of the warrant liability. As such, we expect future changes in the fair value of the warrants
to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

Information
regarding recent accounting pronouncements is contained in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere
in this report.  

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We
do not have any off balance sheet arrangements.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

As
a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing
scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item.  

Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

The
consolidated financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are set forth at the end of this Annual Report.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

Not
applicable.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on the foregoing evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Changes
in Our Controls   

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). With the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on its evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of July 31, 2016.  

Item
9B. Other Information   

None.  

PART
III   

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

Information
Regarding Our Board of Directors    

Pursuant
to our bylaws, the number of directors is fixed and may be increased or decreased from time to time by resolution of our Board
of Directors, or the Board. The Board has fixed the number of directors at six members.  

Information
with respect to our directors as of October 27, 2016 is shown below.  

Dave
J. Pfanzelter  was appointed as our Chairman on August 13, 2013. He previously served as a director of the Company from February
2013 to July 2013. Mr. Pfanzelter served as senior vice president of Kellogg Company, president of Kellogg s Specialty Channels
and president of Kellogg Canada from May 2004 to May 2010, while also serving as part of the Kellogg Executive Committee and Global
Leadership Team. Mr. Pfanzelter began his career in the food service industry in 1975 with Oscar Mayer Foods Corporation, serving
in several key sales and marketing positions, including director of marketing and national sales manager. In 1995 he was appointed
vice president of sales of Kraft Foodservice, representing the combined manufactured brands of Oscar Mayer, General Foods, and
Kraft Foods. In 1998 Mr. Pfanzelter joined Keebler, serving as vice president and general manager of the food service division
prior to Keebler s acquisition by Kellogg in 2001. Since 1998, Mr. Pfanzelter has been on the board of directors of Doctor s
Associates, the parent company of Subway Restaurants, the nation s largest restaurant chain. In February 2012, Mr. Pfanzelter
joined the Advisory Board of Wrigley Foods. He also served on the Board of the International Food Service Manufacturer s
Association as chairman and member of its executive committee.  

Henry
R. Lambert  was appointed to our Board and appointed as our Chief Executive Officer on September 10, 2013. Mr. Lambert is an
accomplished food industry and consumer products executive with broad management skills, including strategic planning and business
development, go-to-market execution, business integration and food safety. He has over 35 years of food industry experience, having
worked at such notable companies as Heublein Inc., RJ Reynolds, Nabisco, Inc. and, Pinnacle Foods. He has held various business
unit leadership positions servicing the foodservice and leading consumer food brands markets. Mr. Lambert has also served on boards
and as a member of various food industry associations, including the International Foodservice Manufacturers Association (IFMA),
Institute of Food Technologists and Safe Supply of Affordable Food Everywhere (SSAFE). From 2010 through June 2013, Mr. Lambert
served as General Manager of the Global Food and Water Business of Underwriter Laboratories, where he was responsible for the
start-up of the company s food safety services business. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Lambert served as Senior Vice President
of Business Development, and then President, of Arrowstream Transportation, Inc., a provider of innovative supply chain management
solutions to the foodservice industry whose key customers included Wendy s, Applebee s, Arby s, TGIF, Sysco,
and DMA. Prior to 2007, Mr. Lambert held executive positions with a number of high profile companies in the foodservice industry.
Mr. Lambert earned his MBA in Finance from the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business, and his BA in Economics (with
Honors) from Union College, Schenectady, N.Y.  

Gary
D. Cohee  was appointed to our Board on August 13, 2013. He has over 40 years of experience as an investment banker, having
started his career in 1973 with Blyth, Eastman Dillon   Co. Since 2004, Mr. Cohee has served as President and CEO of PMB Securities
Corp. From 2011 until 2012, Mr. Cohee served on the Advisory Board of Force Fuels, Inc. During his career in the investment banking
business, Mr. Cohee worked for a number of prestigious firms, including Bateman Eichler and Paulson Investment Company. Mr. Cohee
graduated from California State University-Long Beach in 1968 with a BS degree in Business Administration. He previously served
as President of the Long Beach Bond Club, the Southern California Options Society and the Long Beach Century Club.  

David
Theno, Jr., PhD  was appointed to our Board on October 1, 2013. Dr. Theno is a widely respected food safety expert, previously
served on the Company s Advisory Panel. Dr. Theno is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Gray Dog Partners, Inc., a
technical consulting firm specializing in food safety and manufacturing, restaurant operations, supply chain management, strategic
planning and facility design, where he served since October 2008. Gray Dog Partners also provides consulting services to federal,
state and local regulatory bodies. From 1993 to 2008, Dr. Theno was employed by Jack in the Box, Inc. where he last served as
the Senior Vice President and Chief Food Safety Officer and previously served as Corporate Vice President Technical Services.
Dr. Theno has two Doctorate Degrees in Food Science and Animal Science and two Master s Degrees in Animal Science and Veterinary
Pharmacology from the University of Illinois.  

William
Otis  was appointed to our Board on October 8, 2013. Mr. Otis is currently the Executive Vice President of U.S. packaged meat
operations for Smithfield Foods. Prior to this role, he was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Patrick Cudahy, LLC and
Saratoga Food Specialties. Both companies are food manufacturing companies of John Morrell Food Group and Smithfield Foods. Mr.
Otis began his career in 1980 with Oscar Mayer Foods Corporation serving in several operations, finance and marketing positions.
In 1995, Mr. Otis joined Patrick Cudahy, serving as Vice President of Sales and Marketing and in 2004 was promoted to President
and COO. Mr. Otis also took over the President and COO role at Saratoga Food Specialties in 2012. Mr. Otis earned his Master s
Degree in Business Management from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.  

Tom
Y. Lee, CPA  was appointed to our Board on October 24, 2014. Mr. Lee is currently the Chairman and CEO of Swabplus, Inc., a
contract manufacturer of single-dose applicator and formulation OEM products, and has served as Chairman and CEO since 2008. Mr.
Lee has experience in manufacturing and selling applicator and formulation OEM products, manufacturing and distributing products
in Asia and is experienced in accounting matters. Mr. Lee was formerly audit committee chairman at First Continental Bank (which
merged with United Commercial Bank in 2003). Mr. Lee has been an active CPA since 1983 and earned his Master of Science in accounting
from California State University Long Beach and his Bachelors in Business Administration from TamKang University in Taipei, Taiwan.  

Information
Regarding Our Executive Officers   

Information
with respect to our executive officers as of October 27, 2016 is shown below. Since Henry R. Lambert and David J. Pfanzelter also
serve on the Board, their respective biographies are set forth under  Information Regarding the Board of Directors 
above.  

Mark
Elliott  was appointed as our Vice President Finance and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer on July 31, 2015. Mr. Elliott
joined the Company in 2004 and has been responsible for managing all accounting and regulatory reporting activities since he was
promoted to Controller in May 2006. He has also been responsible for establishing all current financial and reporting systems.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Elliott worked in government accounting. He earned a Bachelor of Science, Business Administration-Accountancy
at California State University-San Marcos.  

Family
Relationships   

There
is no family relationship between any current director or executive officer, or any director or executive officer during the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2016.  

Corporate
Governance    

Overview

We
are committed to maintaining high standards of business conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are fundamental to
the overall success of our business, serving our stockholders well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, together with our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the
charters of our Board Committees, form the basis for our corporate governance framework. As discussed below, our Board of Directors
has established two standing committees to assist it in fulfilling its responsibilities to the Company and its stockholders: the
Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Board of Directors performs the functions typically assigned to a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee.  

Corporate
Governance Guidelines    

Our
Corporate Governance Guidelines are designed to ensure effective corporate governance of our Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines cover topics including, but not limited to, director qualification criteria, director responsibilities, director compensation,
director orientation and continuing education, communications from stockholders to the Board, succession planning and the annual
evaluations of the Board and its Committees. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed regularly by the Board and revised
when appropriate. The full text of our Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found in the  Corporate Governance 
section of our website accessible at  www.purebio.com . A printed copy may also be obtained by any stockholder upon request
to our Corporate Secretary.  

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics    

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. This Code constitutes
a  code of ethics  as defined by the rules of the SEC. This Code also contains  whistle blower  procedures
adopted by our Audit Committee regarding the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints related to accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters and procedures for confidential anonymous employee complaints related to questionable accounting
or auditing matters. Copies of the code may be obtained free of charge from our website,  www.purebio.com . Any amendments
to, or waivers from, a provision of our code of ethics that applies to any of our executive officers will be posted on our website
in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Other than as specifically referenced herein, the information contained on, or that can
be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Report.  

Director
Independence    

We
are not currently listed on any national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has established a standard
for independence. However, in evaluating the independence of our members and the composition of the committees of our Board of
Directors, our Board utilizes the definition of  independence  as that term is defined by applicable listing standards
of the NYSE MKT. As of the date hereof, our Board consists of six members, three of whom are considered independent as that term
is defined by applicable listing standards of the NYSE MKT. Our independent directors include: Messrs. Otis and Lee and Dr. Theno.  

Board
and Committee Attendance    

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Board of Directors met six times and it took action by unanimous written consent five
times and our Board of Directors Special Committee met once. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 our Compensation Committee
met three times and our Audit Committee met four times. Each of the directors attended 100% of the meetings of the Board of Directors.  

Director
Attendance at Annual Meeting    

We
believe the annual meeting of stockholders provides a good opportunity for our directors to hear any feedback the stockholders
may share with the Company at the meeting. As a result, we encourage our directors to attend our annual meeting. We reimburse
our directors for the reasonable expenses incurred by them in attending the annual meeting.  

Executive
Sessions    

Executive
sessions of our independent directors are held at each regularly scheduled meeting of our Board and at other times as necessary
and are chaired by the Chairman of the Board. The Board s policy is to hold executive sessions without the presence of management,
including our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is the only non-independent director on the Board. Our Board Committees
also generally meet in executive session at the end of each committee meeting.  

Board
Committees    

Compensation
Committee . The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors currently consists of Dr. Theno (Chair) and Mr. Otis. The
functions of the Compensation Committee include the approval of the compensation offered to our executive officers and recommending
to the full Board of Directors the compensation to be offered to our directors, including our Chairman. The Board has determined
that Dr. Theno and Mr. Otis are each an  independent director  under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT. In addition,
the members of the Compensation Committee qualify as a  non-employee director  for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the
Exchange Act and as an  outside director  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. The Compensation Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, a copy of which is available
on our website at  www.purebio.com .  

Audit
Committee . The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, currently consists of Messrs. Cohee (Chair), Lee and Otis. The functions
of the Audit Committee include the retention of our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing and approving the
planned scope, proposed fee arrangements and results of the Company s annual audit, reviewing the adequacy of the Company s
accounting and financial controls and reviewing the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm. The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Otis and Lee is an  independent director  under the listing standards
of the NYSE MKT. Mr. Cohee is not independent because the Company has retained Mr. Cohee to provide financial advisory services
to the Company. See  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  for additional information regarding the Company s
retention of Mr. Cohee. The Board determined that it was in the Company s and its stockholders best interests for Mr. Cohee
to continue to serve on the audit committee, based on his accounting and financial expertise, until the Board adds additional
independent directors. The Board of Directors has also determined that Messrs. Cohee, Lee and Otis are each an  audit committee
financial expert  within the applicable definition of the SEC. The Audit Committee is governed by a written charter approved
by the Board of Directors, a copy of which is available on our website at  www.purebio.com .  

Nominating
Committee . The Board has not established a Nominating Committee, and as a result performs the functions typically assigned
to a Nominating Committee, including the identification, recruitment and nomination of candidates for the Board and its committees,
determining the structure, composition and functioning of the Board and its committees including the reporting channels through
which the Board receives information and the quality and timeliness of the information, developing and recommending to the Board
corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company and annually reviewing and recommending changes, as necessary or appropriate,
overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board s effectiveness and performance.  

Board
and Committee Effectiveness    

The
Board and each of its Committees performs an annual self-assessment to evaluate their effectiveness in fulfilling their obligations.
The Board and Committee evaluations cover a wide range of topics, including, among others, the fulfillment of the Board and Committee
responsibilities identified in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for each Committee.  

Board
Leadership Structure    

Our
Bylaws provide our Board with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
in accordance with its determination that utilizing one or the other structure would be in the best interests of our company.
At the current time, Mr. Pfanzelter serves as our Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Lambert serves as our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board believes our leadership structure enhances the accountability of our Chief Executive Officer to the Board and encourages
balanced decision making. In addition, the Board believes that this structure provides an environment in which its independent
directors are fully informed, have significant input into the content of Board meetings and are able to provide objective and
thoughtful oversight of management. Our Board also separated the roles in recognition of the differences in responsibilities.
While our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day leadership of the Company and its business operations, the
Chairman of the Board provides guidance to the Board, sets the agenda for Board meetings and presides over the meetings of the
full Board and the meetings of the Board s non-management directors. The Board Chairman also provides performance feedback
on behalf of the Board to our Chief Executive Officer. The Board intends to carefully evaluate from time to time whether our Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman positions should remain separate based on what the Board believes is best for the Company and its
stockholders.  

Board
Oversight of Risk    

The
Board is actively involved in the oversight of risks that could affect the Company. The Board as a whole has responsibility for
risk oversight of the Company s risk management policies and procedures, with reviews of certain areas being conducted by
the relevant Board committee. The Board satisfies this responsibility through reports by each Committee Chair regarding the Committee s
considerations and actions, as well as through regular reports directly from management responsible for oversight of particular
risks within the Company. Specifically, the Board committees address the following risk areas:  

The
    Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks related to the Company s executive compensation
    plans and arrangements.    

The
    Audit Committee discusses with management the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has
    taken to monitor and control such exposures.    

The
Board as a whole considers risks related to regulatory and compliance matters as well as risks related to the Company s
sales and marketing and research and development initiatives.  

The
Board encourages management to promote a corporate culture that incorporates risk management into the Company s day-to-day
business operations.  

Stockholder
Recommendations for Director Nominees    

In
nominating candidates for election as a director, the Board will consider a reasonable number of candidates recommended by a single
stockholder who has held over 20% of PURE Bioscience Common Stock for over one year and who satisfies the notice, information
and consent provisions set forth in our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines. Stockholders who wish to recommend a candidate
may do so by writing to the Board of Directors in care of the Corporate Secretary, PURE Bioscience, Inc., 1725 Gillespie Way,
El Cajon, California 92020. The Board of Directors will use the same evaluation process for director nominees recommended by stockholders
as it uses for other director nominees. A printed copy of our Bylaws may be obtained by any stockholder upon request to our Corporate
Secretary.  

Identification
and Evaluation of Director Nominees    

In
evaluating nominees for membership on our Board, our Board applies the Board membership criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance
Guidelines. Under these criteria, the Board takes into account many factors, including an individual s business experience
and skills (including skills in core areas such as operations, management, technology, accounting and finance, strategic planning
and international markets), as well as independence, judgment, knowledge of our business and industry, professional reputation,
leadership, integrity and ability to represent the best interests of the Company s stockholders. In addition, the Board
also considers the ability to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the Board, as well as the absence of any
potential conflicts with the Company s interests. The Board does not assign specific weights to particular criteria and
no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all prospective nominees. The Board does not have a formal policy with respect
to diversity of nominees. Rather, our Board considers Board membership criteria as a whole and seeks to achieve diversity of occupational
and personal backgrounds on the Board.  

Our
Board regularly assesses the appropriate size of our Board, and whether any vacancies on our Board are expected due to retirement
or otherwise. In the event that vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise arise, the Board will consider various potential candidates
who may come to the attention of the Board through current Board members, professional search firms, stockholders or other persons.
Each candidate brought to the attention of the Board, regardless of who recommended such candidate, is considered on the basis
of the criteria set forth in our corporate governance guidelines. As stated above, our Board will consider candidates proposed
for nomination by our significant stockholders. Stockholders may propose candidates by submitting the names and supporting information
to: Corporate Secretary, PURE Bioscience, Inc., 1725 Gillespie Way, El Cajon, California 92020. Supporting information should
include (a) the name and address of the candidate and the proposing stockholder, (b) a comprehensive biography of the candidate
and an explanation of why the candidate is qualified to serve as a director taking into account the criteria identified in our
corporate governance guidelines, (c) proof of ownership, the class and number of shares, and the length of time that the shares
of our voting securities have been beneficially owned by each of the candidate and the proposing stockholder, and (d) a letter
signed by the candidate stating his or her willingness to serve, if elected.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation   

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table sets forth a summary of cash and non-cash compensation awarded, earned or paid for services rendered to us during
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 by our named executive officers, consisting of (i) each individual serving
as principal executive officer during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and (ii) our other two most highly compensated officers
serving during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

(1)  
      Amounts
    reflect salary earned during the respective fiscal years.    

(2)  
      Amounts
    for the year ended July 31, 2016 reflect the grant date fair value for financial statement reporting purposes with respect
    to stock options granted during the fiscal year, calculated in accordance with authoritative guidance.    

(3)  
      Reflect
    the grant date fair value for financial statement reporting purposes with respect to stock awards granted during the respective
    fiscal years, calculated in accordance with authoritative guidance.    

(4)  
      Represents
    amounts reimbursed to Mr. Lambert for housing expenses in San Diego, where the Company is headquartered.  Mr. Lambert
    maintains a permanent residence in Lake Forest, Illinois and he rents a corporate apartment in San Diego. The Company reimburses
    Mr. Lambert on a monthly basis for the housing expense.   

(5)  
      Mr.
    Elliott was appointed as our Vice President Finance and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer on July 31, 2015.   

(6)  
      Due
    to his service as Chairman of the Board, the Company considers Mr. Pfanzelter an executive officer.   

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table   

The
compensation program established for the Company s executive officers consisted of the following elements:  

Base
Salary  : The base salaries of our named executive officers depend on their job responsibilities, the market rate of compensation
paid by companies in our industry for similar positions, our financial position, and the strength of our business. Base salaries
provide a fixed means of compensation in order to attract and retain talent. The base salary of Mr. Lambert is $350,000 per year.
The base salary for Mr. Elliott was $165,000 per year. Additionally, Mr. Pfanzelter receives $150,000 per year for his service
as Chairman of the Board.  

Performance-Based
Cash Awards  : As part of the Company s executive compensation program, our executive officers are eligible to receive
performance-based cash awards. The annual performance-based cash awards are based on the executive officer s individual
performance and the Company s actual performance compared to the corporate goals approved by the Board and the Compensation
Committee. Following the end of each fiscal year, the Board and the Compensation Committee is responsible for determining the
bonus amount payable to an executive officer based on that executive officer s individual performance during the fiscal
year and its determination of the Company s actual performance compared to the corporate goals established for that fiscal
year. Due to the Company s limited financial resources and performance, our named executive officers did not receive any
bonuses for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

Long-Term
Equity Awards  : Equity ownership by our executive officers and key employees encourages them to create long-term value
and aligns their interests with those of our stockholders. As a result, our executive compensation program provides for the issuance
of stock options and restricted stock units ( RSUs ).  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Year-End    

The
following table provides a summary of all equity awards held by our named executive officers that were outstanding as of July
31, 2016.  

During
the year ended July 31, 2016, 150,000 of Mr. Lambert s and 1,400,000 of Mr. Pfanzelter s RSUs vested. The value realized
on vesting was $152,000 and $1,372,000, respectively. In addition, during the year ended July 31, 2016, 66,000 of Mr. Lambert s
and Mr. Pfanzelter s option awards vested. The value realized for each respective award was $67,000.  

Employment
Agreements; Potential Payments Upon Termination or a Change in Control for Current Executive Officers    

Agreement
with our Chief Executive Officer    

On
September 10, 2013, we appointed Henry R. Lambert to serve as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board. The terms of
Mr. Lambert s employment agreement provides that such agreement continues until termination by either the Company or Mr.
Lambert. During the term of Mr. Lambert s employment agreement, he is entitled to an annual base salary, which may be increased,
but not decreased, by the Board or the Compensation Committee in their discretion. The annual base salary of Mr. Lambert is $350,000.  

The
employment agreement provides that, during the term of the agreement, Mr. Lambert is eligible for equity compensation grants to
be awarded at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and the Board, and also provided for annual bonus targets equal to,
as applicable, 50% of Mr. Lambert s current annual base salary, to be awarded at the sole discretion of the Compensation
Committee and the Board. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of Mr. Lambert s employment agreement, we granted Mr. Lambert
500,000 RSUs. The award agreement for the 500,000 RSUs provides Mr. Lambert with the right to require us to pay his state and
federal withholding and other employment taxes upon the vesting and settlement of these RSUs in exchange for Mr. Lambert cancelling
that number of shares of common stock having a value equal to the tax obligations we pay on his behalf.  

The
employment agreement provides for certain compensation to be paid to Mr. Lambert if his employment is terminated by the Company
without Cause or terminated by the executive for Good Reason. In summary,  Cause  is the commission by the executive
of an act of fraud or another felony, or gross misconduct resulting in a material adverse effect on the Company; refusal by the
executive to perform his or her duties under the agreement or to otherwise breach the agreement, or a violation of confidentiality,
non-competition and/or non-solicitation provisions to which the Company is bound.  Good Reason  is a material reduction
of the executive s base salary or target bonus percentage; a material reduction by the Company of the executive s
authority, duties or responsibilities; a relocation of the Company s offices that requires an increase in the executive s
one-way driving distance of more than fifty miles; or a material breach of the agreement by the Company.  

Upon
such event and subject to Mr. Lambert s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, Mr. Lambert would be entitled
to receive his base salary then in effect and group health and dental benefits in accordance with COBRA for a period of 6 months
from the date of his termination. Additionally, Mr. Lambert s agreement provides that all outstanding vested stock options
held by him at the date of such termination would continue to be exercisable for a period of up to 90 days following such termination,
but in no event beyond the maximum permitted expiration date.  

The
employment agreement with Mr. Lambert also provides for additional compensation if the termination of his employment is without
Cause or his resignation is for Good Reason within twelve months following a Change in Control. A  Change in Control 
is the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or the exclusive
license of substantially all of the intellectual property of the Company; the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into another entity; any person (subject to certain exemptions) becomes the beneficial owner of securities of
the Company representing 35% or more of the total combined voting power of the Company; or if individuals who, as of 60 days after
the effective date of the agreement are members of the Board, or are nominees of such Board members, cease to constitute at least
a majority of the members of the Board.  

Upon
such event, Mr. Lambert would be entitled to additional severance pay in excess of the amounts described above, in a single lump
sum payment equal to 100% of his then current annual base salary. In addition, in such event, the vesting of all outstanding equity
based awards then held by Mr. Lambert would automatically accelerate and all equity based awards would continue to be exercisable
for 12 months, but in no event beyond the maximum permitted expiration date.  

The
employment agreement with Mr. Lambert also provides that the Company could, in certain circumstances and in order to avoid incurring
fines or penalties under applicable law (including recently enacted federal healthcare legislation), elect to pay cash payments
equivalent to the value of the monthly premiums the Company would otherwise pay to provide for the continuation of health and
dental insurance for Mr. Lambert and his eligible dependents following his termination without Cause or resignation for Good Reason.  

The
foregoing description of the employment agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms
and conditions of the employment agreement filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2013 filed with the SEC on October 24, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference.  

Agreements
with our Chairman   

On
August 13, 2013, we appointed Dave J. Pfanzelter to serve as Chairman of the Board. On October 23, 2013, we entered into a Chairman
Agreement with Mr. Pfanzelter (the  Chairman Agreement ). The Chairman Agreement provides that Mr. Pfanzelter is to
serve as Chairman of the Board, effective as of August 13, 2013, until his earlier resignation or removal. Pursuant to the Chairman
Agreement, Mr. Pfanzelter is entitled to receive $12,500 per month for his services as Chairman of the Board, payable on a quarterly
basis (collectively  Chairman Compensation ). Mr. Pfanzelter is also eligible to receive annual and periodic bonuses
in the discretion of the Board. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Chairman Agreement, we granted Mr. Pfanzelter 2,800,000
RSUs. Due to his service as Chairman, we consider Mr. Pfanzelter an executive officer of the Company. The award agreement for
the 2,800,000 RSUs provides Mr. Pfanzelter with the right to require us to pay his state and federal withholding and other employment
taxes upon the vesting and settlement of these RSUs in exchange for Mr. Pfanzelter cancelling that number of shares of common
stock having a value equal to the tax obligations we pay on his behalf.  

The
Chairman Agreement provides for certain compensation to be paid to Mr. Pfanzelter if he is removed by the Board without Cause
or Mr. Pfanzelter resigns for Good Reason. In summary,  Cause  is the commission by Mr. Pfanzelter of an act of fraud
or another felony, or gross misconduct resulting in a material adverse effect on the Company; refusal by Mr. Pfanzelter to perform
his duties under the Chairman Agreement or to otherwise breach the Chairman Agreement, or a material breach by Mr. Pfanzelter
of Company policy or the Chairman Agreement or other agreements between the Company and Mr. Pfanzelter.  Good Reason 
is a material reduction of Mr. Pfanzelter s compensation; a material reduction by the Board of Mr. Pfanzelter s authority,
duties or responsibilities; or a material breach of the Chairman Agreement by the Company.  

Upon
such event and subject to Mr. Pfanzelter s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, Mr. Pfanzelter would
be entitled to receive his Chairman Compensation (as then in effect) for a period of 12 months following such date of removal
or resignation. The Chairman Agreement additionally provides that all outstanding vested stock options held by Mr. Pfanzelter
at the date of such termination would continue to be exercisable for a period of up to 90 days following such termination, but
in no event beyond the maximum permitted expiration date.  

The
Chairman Agreement with Mr. Pfanzelter also provides for additional compensation if Mr. Pfanzelter s termination as our
Chairman is without Cause or his resignation with Good Reason is within twelve months following a Change in Control. A  Change
in Control  is the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s
assets or the exclusive license of substantially all of the intellectual property of the Company; the consummation of a merger
or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity; any person (subject to certain exemptions) becomes the beneficial
owner of securities of the Company representing 35% or more of the total combined voting power of the Company; or if individuals
who, as of 60 days after the effective date of the agreement are members of the Board, or are nominees of such Board members,
cease to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board. Upon such event, Mr. Pfanzelter would be entitled to additional
separation pay in excess of the amount described above in a single lump sum payment equal to 200% of Mr. Pfanzelter s then
current Chairman Compensation.  

The
foregoing description of the Chairman Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms
and conditions of such Chairman Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2013 filed with the SEC on October 24, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference.  

Code
Section 162(m) Provisions    

Section
162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, or the Code, generally disallows a tax deduction to public companies for compensation
in excess of $1 million paid to the Chief Executive Officer or any of the four most highly compensated officers. Performance-based
compensation arrangements may qualify for an exemption from the deduction limit if they satisfy various requirements under Section
162(m). Although we consider the impact of this rule when developing and implementing our executive compensation programs, we
believe it is important to preserve flexibility in designing compensation programs. Accordingly, we have not adopted a policy
that all compensation must qualify as deductible under Section 162(m) of the Code. While our stock options are intended to qualify
as  performance-based compensation  (as defined by the Code), amounts paid under our other compensation programs may
not qualify as such.  

Compensation
of Directors    

Each
non-employee director of the Company receives cash fees from the Company for their services as members of the Board and any committee
of the Board as follows:  

Each
    non-employee director receives an annual fee of $60,000 payable for such director s service on the Board and each member
    of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee receives an additional annual fee of $4,000 and $2,500, respectively, payable
    for such director s service on the committee.    

The
    Chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual fee of $10,000 for such Chair s service and the Chair of
    the Compensation Committee receives an additional annual fee of $5,000 for such Chair s service.    

Annual
fees are paid to each non-employee director in four equal installments on a quarterly basis. Any non-employee directors serving
a portion of the year are entitled to receive such fees on a pro rata basis based on their length of service during the year.
Messrs. Lambert and Pfanzelter do not receive any additional compensation for their board service.  

New
non-employee directors receive an initial grant of 200,000 restricted stock units. Currently, all non-employee director grants
of restricted stock units generally vest fifty percent (50%) on the date of the next annual meeting and fifty percent (50%) on
the date of the following year s annual meeting.  

In
the past, our Board has approved each year, generally in the second calendar quarter of the year, an annual option or stock grant
for our non-employee directors. Any such grant is at the discretion of the Board, which considers the recommendation of our Compensation
Committee. Upon the Board s approval of any such grant, each non-employee director generally may elect whether to receive
the grant as an option or stock award.  

The
following table sets forth compensation earned in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 by each of our directors who are not named
executive officers.  

(1)
Amounts for the year ended July 31, 2016 reflect the grant date fair value for financial statement reporting purposes with respect
to stock options granted during the fiscal year, calculated in accordance with authoritative guidance.  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management    

The
following table provides information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of October 27, 2016, or the Evaluation
Date, by: (i) each of our current directors, (ii) each of our named executive officers as set forth in Item 11 of this Annual
Report, (iii) all such directors and executive officers as a group and (iv) our five percent or greater stockholders. The table
is based upon information supplied by our officers, directors and principal stockholders and a review of Schedules 13D and 13G,
if any, filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table and subject to community property laws where
applicable, we believe that each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
shares indicated as beneficially owned.  

Applicable
percentages are based on 64,823,917 shares outstanding as of the Evaluation Date, adjusted as required by rules promulgated by
the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power
or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules include shares of our common stock issuable pursuant
to the exercise of stock options or warrants or settlement of restricted stock units that are either immediately exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation Date. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person
holding those securities for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.  

*  
      Indicates
    less than one percent of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.   

(1)  
      Unless,
    noted below, the address for each person listed in the table is c/o PURE Bioscience, Inc., 1725 Gillespie Way, El Cajon, California
    92020.   

(2)  
      Consists
    of (a) 172,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, (b) 2,840,000 shares of common stock and (c) warrants to purchase 16,000 shares of common stock which are held directly
    by Mr. Pfanzelter.    

(3)  
      Consists
    of 132,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, and 492,857 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Lambert.   

(4)  
      Consists
    of 196,875 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, and 72,350 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Elliott.    

(5)  
      Consists
    of 66,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, and 615,643 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Cohee.    

(6)  
      Consists
    of (a) 66,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, (b) 234,000 shares of common stock and (c) warrants to purchase 13,600 shares of common stock which are held directly
    by Mr. Theno.    

(7)  
      Consists
    of (a) 66,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, (b) 222,666 shares of common stock and (c) warrants to purchase 9,066 shares of common stock which are held directly
    by Mr. Otis.   

(8)  
      Consists
    of (a) 66,000 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, (b) 4,350,336 shares of common stock held by Mr. Lee and his spouse and (c) warrants to purchase 694,704 shares of common
    stock held by Mr. Lee and his spouse.    

(9)  
      Consists
    of (a) 764,875 shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Evaluation
    Date, (b) warrants to purchase 733,370 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable and (c) 8,827,852 shares of
    common stock, held by all directors and executive officers as a group.    

(10)  
      Consists
    of 18,666,666 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 2,133,333 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable,
    held directly by Franchise Brands. The address for Franchise Brands is 325 Sub Way, Milford, CT 06461.   

Equity
Compensation Plan Information   

In
February 2016, we amended and restated our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, to, among other changes, increase the number
of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan by 4,000,000 shares and extend the term of the Plan until February 4, 2026.
The Plan provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, as well as other share-based payment awards, to
our employees, directors, consultants and advisors. These awards have up to a 10-year contractual life and are subject to various
vesting periods, as determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors. Our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is the
only active plan pursuant to which options to acquire common stock or restricted stock awards can be granted and are currently
outstanding.  

All
of our equity incentive plans are administered by the Compensation Committee. The exercise price for stock options is always at
or above the fair market value of our common stock on the date the award is granted. Fair market value is defined by the Plan
and is based on prevailing market prices of our common stock as reported by the OTCQB. The term of stock options granted and their
vesting schedules are determined by the Compensation Committee, subject to any limitations defined in the Plan. The Compensation
Committee also determines the vesting of other, non-option, stock awards.  

The
following table sets forth, as of July 31, 2016, information with respect to our equity compensation plans, and with respect to
certain other options and warrants.  

Number of     

securities     

Number of       
             
     remaining     

securities to       
     Weighted       
     available for     

be issued       
     average       
     future issuance     

upon       
     exercise       
     under equity     

exercise of       
     price of       
     compensation     

outstanding       
     outstanding       
     plans (excluding     

options,       
     options,       
     securities     

warrants       
     warrants       
     reflected in     

and rights       
     and rights       
     column (a))     
 
     Plan Category    
     (a)(1)       
     (b)       
     (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders    
        2,277,968       
     $  1.60       
        2,042,846     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders    

Total    
        2,277,968       
     $  1.60       
        2,042,846     

(1)  
      Includes
    options only and does not include restricted stock units   

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

Except
as described below and other than Board or employment relationships and compensation resulting from those employment relationships,
no director, executive officer, 5% stockholder or immediate family member of any of the foregoing, was a party to any transaction
or series of transactions since August 1, 2014 (the beginning of the year ended July 31, 2015), or is to be a party to any currently
proposed transaction or series of proposed transactions, in which (i) we were or are to be a participant, (ii) the amount involved
exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at fiscal year-end for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2016 and 2015, which is $81,210, and (iii) any director, executive officer, or immediate family member of any of the
foregoing had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.  

For
information with respect to the compensation paid to our executive officers and directors, see heading  Executive Compensation 
of this annual report.  

Cohee
Director Agreement: On August 13, 2013, we appointed Mr. Cohee to serve as a member of the Board and on September 17, 2013, we
entered into a letter agreement with Mr. Cohee. Mr. Cohee s letter agreement provides that his initial term will be for
one year. In connection with his execution of the letter agreement, we are obligated to issue him 250,000 shares of our common
stock pursuant to a restricted stock unit agreement in the form of a non-employee RSU award. Additionally, we will pay him an
annual retainer fee of $60,000, payable quarterly. Additionally, he acknowledges and agrees that in order to satisfy certain rules
for public companies he may be required to serve on one or more of the Board s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee,
and/or Nominating and Governance Committee, and that such committee assignments will be agreed between him and the Company, and
that he will be compensated for such service. His letter agreement also provides that he will also be subject to certain confidentiality
obligations. On April 24, 2014, the Company and Gary Cohee entered into an amendment to the Cohee Director Agreement to provide
for a monthly consulting fee for certain investor relations activities.  

Transactions
with our Director Tom Y. Lee    

Mr.
Lee has received certain benefits in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. Additionally,
since August 1, 2014, Mr. Lee and the Company have entered into the following equity investment transactions:  

Compensation
of Our Current Directors and Executive Officers    

For
information with respect to the compensation offered to our current directors and executive officers, please see the descriptions
under the heading  Executive Compensation  of this annual report.  

Related
Party Transaction Policy and Procedures    

Pursuant
to our Related Party Transaction and Procedures, our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders, including their
immediate family members and affiliates, are prohibited from entering into a related party transaction with us without the prior
consent of our Audit Committee or our independent directors. Any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive
officer, director, principal stockholder, or any of such persons  immediate family members or affiliates, must first be
presented to our Audit Committee for review, consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting the proposed agreement, our
Audit Committee will consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant, including, but not limited,
to the risks, costs and benefits to us, the terms of the transaction, the availability of other sources for comparable services
or products, and, if applicable, the impact on a director s independence. Our Audit Committee shall approve only those agreements
that, in light of known circumstances, are in, or are not inconsistent with, our best interests, as our Audit Committee determines
in the good faith exercise of its discretion.  

Board
Composition    

We
are not currently listed on any national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has established a standard
for independence. However, in evaluating the independence of our members and the composition of the committees of our Board of
Directors, our Board utilizes the definition of  independence  as that term is defined by applicable listing standards
of the NYSE MKT. As of the date of this annual report, our Board consists of six members, three of whom are considered independent
as that term is defined by applicable listing standards of the NYSE MKT. Our independent directors include: Messrs. Otis, Lee
and Dr. Theno.  

Our
directors are appointed annually, and hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until their earlier
death, resignation, disqualification, or removal.  

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fee Summary    

The
following table provides information regarding the fees billed to us by Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. for the years ended July 31,
2016 and 2015. Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. leases substantially all of its personnel, who work under the control of Mayer Hoffman
McCann P.C. shareholders, from wholly-owned subsidiaries of CBIZ, Inc., including CBIZ MHM, LLC, in an alternative practice structure.
All fees described below were approved by the Board or the Audit Committee:  

(1)  
      Audit
    Fees include fees for services rendered for the audit and quarterly reviews of our financial statements, including our Annual
    Report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports, and fees incurred related to the filings of registration statements.    

(2)  
      Tax
    Fees consist of amounts billed by an affiliate of our independent auditors for services in connection with the preparation
    of our federal and state tax returns.   

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures   

Our
Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors.
These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally
provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent
auditor and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by
the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval. Any proposed services not included within the list of pre-approved
services or any proposed services that will cause the Company to exceed the pre-approved aggregate amount requires specific pre-approval
by the Audit Committee. All audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees, and other fees listed in the table above were approved by
the Audit Committee pursuant to its pre-approval policies and procedures.  

PART
IV   

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   

(a) 
      (1)  
       
      The
    list of financial statements filed in response to Part II, Item 8 is set forth at the end of this Annual Report.   

(2)  
       
      Schedules
    are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.   

(3)  
       
      The
    following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K:   

2.1  
       
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 24, 2011, by and between PURE Bioscience and PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2011)   

3.1  
       
      Certificate
    of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
    with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

3.1.1  
       
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Annual
    Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

3.2  
       
      Bylaws
    of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on
    October 29, 2012)   

3.2.1  
       
      Amendment
    to the Bylaws of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
    with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

4.1  
       
      Wharton
    Capital Markets LLC Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
    on March 16, 2012)   

4.2  
       
      Form
    of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
    SEC on September 13, 2012)   

4.3  
       
      Morrison
      Foerster LLP Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
    on January 31, 2013)   

4.4  
       
      Form
    of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC April
    23, 2013)   

4.5  
       
      Warrant,
    dated February 3, 2012, issued by PURE Bioscience, Inc. to Wharton Capital Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    4.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 16, 2012)   

4.6  
       
      Form
    of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC August
    27, 2014)   

4.7  
       
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
    SEC on June 29, 2012)   

4.18  
       
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
    SEC on July 6, 2012)   

4.11  
       
      Form
    of Five-Year Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October
    28, 2015)   

4.12  
       
      Form
    of Six-Month Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October
    28, 2015)   

10.1  
       
      Amended
    and Restated PURE Bioscience 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016)   

10.2
    #  
       
      Form
    of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC
    on October 24, 2013)   

10.3  
       
      Letter
    Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2013, between PURE Bioscience, Inc., and Morrison   Foerster LLP (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2013)   

*  
      Filed
    herewith    
 
      #  
      Management
    contract or compensatory plan or arrangement    

Signatures   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

PURE
    BIOSCIENCE, INC.   
         
       DATE    

/s/
    HENRY R. LAMBERT   
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Henry
    R. Lambert  

Chief
    Executive Officer  

Power
of Attorney  

NOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Henry R. Lambert and Mark
S. Elliott, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their
or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report is signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

NAME   
         
       TITLE   
         
       DATE    

/s/
    HENRY R. LAMBERT   
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer, Director  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Henry
    R. Lambert  
         
      Principal
    Executive Officer  

/s/
    MARK S. ELLIOTT   
         
      Vice
    President, Finance  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Mark
    S. Elliott  
         
      Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer  

/s/
    DAVE J. PFANZELTER   
         
      Chairman
    of the Board  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Dave
    J. Pfanzelter  

/s/
    GARY D. COHEE   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Gary
    D. Cohee  

/s/
    DR. DAVID THENO, JR.   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Dr.
    David Theno, Jr.  

/s/
    WILLIAM OTIS   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      William
    Otis  

/s/
    TOM Y. LEE   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    27, 2016   
 
      Tom
    Y. Lee  

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders  

   PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PURE Bioscience, Inc. ( the Company ) as of July 31,
2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the
years in the two year period ended July 31, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of PURE Bioscience, Inc. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended July 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

     Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

See
accompanying notes.    

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

     Consolidated
Statements of Operations   

See
accompanying notes.    

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

     Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders  Equity   

See
accompanying notes.    

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

     Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

See
accompanying notes.    

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

     Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.
Organization and Business   

All
references to  PURE,   we ,  our,  and  us  refer to PURE Bioscience, Inc. and
our wholly owned subsidiary.  

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. is focused on developing and commercializing our proprietary antimicrobial products that provide solutions to
the health and environmental challenges of pathogen and hygienic control. Our technology platform is based on patented stabilized
ionic silver, and our initial products contain silver dihydrogen citrate, or SDC. SDC is a broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial
agent that is manufactured as a liquid delivered in various concentrations. We currently distribute and contract the manufacture
and distribution of our SDC-based disinfecting and sanitizing products, which are registered by the Environmental Protection Agency,
or EPA. We also contract manufacture and sell SDC-based formulations to manufacturers for use as a raw material ingredient in
the production of personal care products. We believe our technology platform has potential application in a number of industries.
We intend to focus our current resources on providing food safety solutions to the food industry.  

We
were incorporated in the state of California in August 1992 as Innovative Medical Services. In September 2003, we changed our
name to PURE Bioscience. In March 2011, we reincorporated in the state of Delaware. We operate in one business segment.  

Liquidity    

Since
our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private offerings of securities, debt financings,
and revenue from product sales and license agreements. We have a history of recurring losses, and as of July 31, 2016 we have
incurred a cumulative net loss of $103,219,000.  

As
of July 31, 2016, we had $5,194,000 in cash and cash equivalents, and $479,000 of accounts payable. As of July 31, 2016, we had
no long term debt.  

Our
future capital requirements depend on numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the
following: the acceptance of, and demand for, our products; our success and the success of our partners in selling our products;
our success and the success of our partners in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell our products; the costs of further developing
our existing products and technologies; the extent to which we invest in new product and technology development; and the costs
associated with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business. The outcome of these and other forward-looking
factors will substantially affect our liquidity and capital resources.  

We
expect that we will need to increase our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures. These measures may include,
but are not limited to, the following: reducing operating expenses; obtaining financing through the issuance of equity, debt,
or convertible securities; entering into partnerships, licenses, or other arrangements with third parties; and reducing the exercise
price of outstanding warrants. Any one of these measures could substantially reduce the value to us of our technology and its
commercial potential. If we issue equity, debt or convertible securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders
may experience dilution, and the new equity, debt or convertible securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior
to those of our existing stockholders. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to us,
or at all.  

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. It could cause
us to fail to execute our business plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures
or customer requirements. It also may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development
programs, to license to third parties the right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize
ourselves, or to reduce or cease operations. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to significantly
modify our business model and operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level.  

We
believe our available cash on-hand and cash received from financings subsequent to our year ended July 31, 2016, our current efforts
to market and sell our products, and our ability to significantly reduce expenses, will provide sufficient cash resources to satisfy
our needs over the next 12 months. However, we do not yet have, and we may never have, significant cash inflows from product sales
or from other sources of revenue to offset our ongoing and planned investments in, research and development projects, regulatory
submissions, business development activities, and sales and marketing, among other investments. Some or all of our ongoing or
planned investments may not be successful. In addition, irrespective of our cash resources, we may be contractually or legally
obligated to make certain investments which cannot be postponed.  

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of PURE Bioscience, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiary, ETIH2O Corporation, a Nevada corporation. ETIH2O Corporation has no business and no material assets or liabilities
and there have been no significant transactions related to ETIH2O during the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements.
All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements, and the disclosures made in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. Actual results
could differ materially from those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with original maturities from purchase date of three months
or less.  

Restricted
Cash    

The
Company is required to maintain $75,000 in a restricted certificate of deposit account in order to fully collateralize four revolving
credit card accounts.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments       

Certain
of our financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses, accounts
payable, accrued liabilities, and deferred rent are carried at cost, which is considered to be representative of their respective
fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. Our derivative liabilities are carried at estimated fair value
(See Notes 5 and 6).  

Derivative
Financial Instruments     

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow or market or foreign currency risks.  

We
review the terms of the common stock, warrants and convertible debt we issue to determine whether there are derivative instruments,
including embedded conversion options that are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as derivative financial
instruments. In circumstances where the host instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including a conversion
option, that is required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument.  

Derivatives
are initially recorded at fair value and are then revalued at each reporting date with changes in the fair value reported as non-operating
income or expense. When the equity or convertible debt instruments contain embedded derivative instruments that are to be bifurcated
and accounted for as liabilities, the total proceeds received are first allocated to the fair value of all the bifurcated derivative
instruments. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the host instruments themselves, usually resulting in those
instruments being recorded at a discount from their face value.  

The
discount from the face value of any convertible debt, together with the stated interest on the instrument, is amortized over the
life of the instrument through periodic charges to interest expense, using the effective interest method.  

Accounts
Receivable    

Trade
accounts receivable are recorded net of allowances for doubtful accounts. Estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts are determined
based on historical payment patterns and individual customer circumstances. The allowance for doubtful accounts was zero at July
31, 2016 and 2015.  

Inventories    

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and net of a valuation allowance for potential excess or obsolete material.
Cost is determined using the average cost method.  

Property,
Plant and Equipment    

Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment range from three to
ten years. Capitalized costs associated with leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the useful life of the
asset or the remaining life of the lease. Depreciation is generally included in selling, general and administrative expense. Depreciation
related to manufacturing is systematically allocated to inventory produced, and expensed through cost of goods sold at the time
inventory is sold.  

Patents    

We
have filed a number of patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in foreign countries. Certain
legal and related costs incurred in connection with pending patent applications have been capitalized. Costs related to successful
patent applications are amortized over the lesser of the remaining useful life of the related technology or the remaining patent
life, commencing on the date the patent is issued. Capitalized costs related to patent applications are expensed in the period
in which a determination is made not to pursue such applications.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets    

In
accordance with GAAP, if indicators of impairment exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected long-lived assets by determining
whether the carrying value of such assets can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows. If impairment is
indicated, we measure the amount of such impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the fair value of the asset
and we record the impairment as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating results. Estimating
the undiscounted future cash flows associated with long-lived assets requires judgment, and assumptions could differ materially
from actual results. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 we incurred $48,000 of expense related to the abandonment of a
pending patent not associated with our core business. There were no patent impairments during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015.  

Revenue
Recognition    

We
sell our products to distributors and end users. We record net sales when we sell products to our customers, rather than when
our customers resell products to third parties. When we sell products to our customers, we reduce the balance of our inventory
with a corresponding charge to cost of goods sold. We do not currently have any consignment sales.  

Terms
of our product sales are generally FOB shipping point. Net sales are recognized when delivery of the products has occurred (which
is generally at the time of shipment), title has passed to the customer, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collectability
is reasonably assured and we have no further obligations. Any amounts received prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria
are recorded as deferred revenue. We record net sales net of discounts at the time of sale and report net sales net of such discounts.  

We
also license our products and technology to development and commercialization partners. Upfront product and technology license
fees under multiple-element arrangements are deferred and recognized over the period of such services or performance, if such
arrangements require on-going services or performance. Non-refundable amounts received for substantive milestones are recognized
upon achievement of the milestone. Any amounts received prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria are recorded as
deferred revenue.  

Shipping
and Handling Costs    

Shipping
and handling costs incurred by us for product shipments are included in cost of goods sold and were minimal for the years ended
July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Research
and Development Costs    

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred.  

Share-Based
Compensation       

We
grant equity-based awards under share-based compensation plans. We estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards using
the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards.
The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying
stock, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option. Share-based compensation expense is based on
awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures.  

Other
Income (Expense)    

We
record interest income, interest expense, change in derivative liabilities, as well as other non-operating transactions, as other
income (expense) on our consolidated statements of operations.  

Comprehensive
Loss     

Comprehensive
loss is defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources,
including unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities and foreign currency translation adjustments. For the years ended
July 31, 2016 and 2015, our comprehensive loss consisted only of net loss.  

Income
Taxes    

We
recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the
amounts at which they are carried in the financial statements based upon the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which
the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.  

Net
Loss Per Share     

Basic
net loss per common share is computed as net loss divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Our diluted net loss per common share is the same as our basic net loss per common share because we incurred a net loss
during each period presented, and the potentially dilutive securities from the assumed exercise of all outstanding stock options,
restricted stock units, and warrants would have an antidilutive effect. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the number of shares issuable
upon the exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock units, and the exercise of warrants, none of which are included
in the computation of basic net loss per common share, was 10,619,394 and 8,679,374 respectively.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In
August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial
Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern, which is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt
about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The ASU provides
guidance to an organization s management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing
and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement footnotes. The amendments
are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously
been issued. We do not intend to early adopt this standard. We are still evaluating what effect the adoption of this standard
will have on the financial condition of the Company.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize  right of use 
assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The ASU requires additional quantitative and qualitative
financial statement footnote disclosures about the leases, significant judgments made in accounting for those leases and amounts
recognized in the financial statements about those leases. The effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We
are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle of the guidance. The amendments clarify
the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. ASU No. 2016-08 was amended by ASU No. 2016-10 to identify
performance obligations and licensing. These amendments should be adopted concurrent with adoption of ASU 2014-09. ASU No.
2016-10 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2017,
with early adoption not permitted. We have not yet determined the effect of the standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which is designed to simplify
several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations. ASU No.
2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2016,
with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements.  

3.
Balance Sheet Details   

Inventories
consist of the following:  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we received $46,000 from the sale of inventory which was reserved in prior fiscal years.
The $46,000 gain is reflected in the other income (expense) section of the consolidated statement of operations.  

Property,
plant, and equipment consist of the following:  

Depreciation
expense was $40,000 and $27,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Patents
consist of the following:  

Patent
amortization expense was $179,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At July 31, 2016, the weighted average
remaining amortization period for all patents was approximately six years. The annual patent amortization expense for the next
five years is expected to be approximately $178,000 per year. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 we incurred $48,000 of
expense related to the abandonment of a pending patent not associated with our core business. There were no patent impairments
during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015.  

4.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Severance
Agreement     

On
August 13, 2013, the Company entered into a Severance and Release Agreement with Dennis Brovarone, a former Board member. Mr.
Brovarone will receive $91,000, payable in 60 monthly installments of approximately $1,600, commencing December 11, 2013 for amounts
previously accrued as of July 31, 2013. For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, $39,000 and $59,000 remained payable under
the agreement and is included in the accrued restructuring liability section of the consolidated balance sheets as of July 31,
2016 and 2015.  

Operating
Leases     

During
August 2016, we amended the lease of our primary facility in El Cajon, California under a noncancelable operating lease that now
expires in December 2019. This facility includes our corporate offices, research and development laboratory, and warehouse. Rent
expense, including common area maintenance, was $99,000 and $108,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Future
minimum annual lease payments for our primary facility as of July 31, 2016 are as follows:  

5 .
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

Fair
value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions,
the authoritative guidance establishes a three-tier value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value
as follows:  

Level
    1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level
    2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar
    assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
    by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level
    3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
    of the assets or liabilities.   

In
connection with the October and November 2015 Private Placements and a prior Bridge Loan, we issued warrants with derivative features.
These instruments are accounted for as derivative liabilities (See Note 6).  

We
used Level 3 inputs for the valuation methodology of the derivative liabilities. The estimated fair values were computed using
a Monte Carlo option pricing model based on various assumptions. Our derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect estimated
fair value at each period end, with any decrease or increase in the estimated fair value being recorded in other income or expense
accordingly, as adjustments to the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Various factors are considered in the pricing models
we use to value the warrants, including the Company s current stock price, the remaining life of the warrants, the volatility
of the Company s stock price, and the risk free interest rate. Future changes in these factors will have a significant impact
on the computed fair value of the warrant liability. As such, we expect future changes in the fair value of the warrants to vary
significantly from quarter to quarter.  

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the derivative liabilities for the years ended
July 31, 2016 and 2015:  

Fair
Value of Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   

6.
Derivative Liability   

On
October 23, 2015 (the  October Closing Date ), we completed a first closing of a private placement financing (the
 Private Placement Financing ), where we issued an aggregate of 13,333,333 shares of our common stock (the  Common
Stock ), a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 6,666,666 shares of common stock with a term of five years and a warrant
to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,666,666 shares of common stock with a term of six months (See Note 7).  

On
November 23, 2015, we completed a second closing of the Private Placement Financing, where we issued 4,444,439 shares of Common
Stock, warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,222,217 shares of common stock with a term of five years and a warrant to
purchase up to an aggregate of 2,820,670 shares of common stock with a term of six months (See Note 7).  

We
accounted for the combined 20,376,219 warrants issued in connection with the Private Placement Financing in accordance with the
accounting guidance for derivatives. The applicable accounting guidance sets forth a two-step model to be applied in determining
whether a financial instrument is indexed to an entity s own stock, which would qualify such financial instruments for a
scope exception. This scope exception specifies that a contract that would otherwise meet the definition of a derivative financial
instrument would not be considered as such if the contract is both (i) indexed to the entity s own stock and (ii) classified
in the stockholders  equity section of the entity s balance sheet. We determined the warrants were ineligible for
equity classification due to anti-dilution provisions set forth therein.  

The
five year warrants issued on the October Closing Date were canceled on July 19, 2016. The estimated fair value of the five year
warrants issued on the October Closing Date, as of the October Closing Date, and at July 19, 2016, was $4,034,000 and $5,541,000,
respectively. The fair value on cancelation was returned to additional paid in capital and is reflected in the Settlement of warrant
liability section on the table above.  

The
six month warrants issued on the October Closing Date expired unexercised on April 23, 2016. The estimated fair value of the six
month warrants issued on the October Closing Date, as of the October Closing Date, and at April 23, 2016, was $2,974,000 and $6,067,000,
respectively. The fair value on expiration was returned to additional paid in capital and is reflected in the Settlement of warrant
liability section on the table above.  

The
estimated fair value of the five year warrants issued on the November Closing Date, as of the November Closing Date, and at July
31, 2016, was $1,587,000 and $1,794,000, respectively. The following assumptions were used as inputs to the Monte Carlo option
pricing model at July 31, 2016: stock price of $1.01 and a warrant exercise price of $0.45; our historical stock price volatility
of 90%; risk free interest rate on U.S. treasury notes of 1.0%; warrant expiration of 4.3 years.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, all 2,820,670 of the six month warrants issued on the November Closing Date were exercised.
The estimated fair value of the six month warrants issued on the November Closing Date, as of the November Closing Date, and at
exercise, was $1,271,000 and $1,942,000, respectively. The fair value on exercise was returned to additional paid in capital and
is reflected in the Settlement of warrant liability section on the table above.  

Given
that the fair value of the derivative warrants issued on the October Closing Date exceeded the total proceeds of the private placement
of $6,000,000, as of the October Closing Date, no net amounts were allocated to the common stock. The $1,008,000 amount by which
the recorded liabilities exceeded the proceeds was charged to other expense at the October Closing Date. Given that the fair value
of the derivative liabilities issued on the November Closing Date exceeded the total proceeds of the private placement of $2,000,000,
as of the November Closing Date, no net amounts were allocated to the common stock. The $859,000 amount by which the recorded
liabilities exceeded the proceeds was charged to other expense at the November Closing Date. We have revalued the derivative liability
as of July 31, 2016, and will continue to do so on each subsequent balance sheet date until the securities to which the derivative
liabilities relate are exercised or expire, with any changes in the fair value between reporting periods recorded as other income
or expense.  

The derivative liabilities were valued
at the closing dates of the October and November Private Placements and at July 31, 2016 using the following assumptions: 

In addition, as of the valuation dates,
management assessed the probabilities of future financings assumptions in the valuation models. 

As
of July 31, 2016, we had a warrant liability of $8,000 related to 132,420 warrants issued pursuant to a Bridge Loan financing
that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2012. Currently there are 9,709 warrants outstanding that were issued in connection
with the Bridge Loan. The following assumptions were used as inputs to the model at July 31, 2016: stock price of $1.01 and a
warrant exercise price of $0.20 as of the valuation date; our historical stock price volatility of 78.73%; risk free interest
rate on U.S. treasury notes of 0.2%; warrant expiration of 0.4 years.  

As
of July 31, 2016 and 2015 the total value of the derivative liabilities was $1,802,000 and $4,000, respectively. The change in
fair value of the warrant liability for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, was an increase of $5,481,000, which was recorded
as a change in derivative liability in the consolidated statement of operations.  

7.
Stockholders  Equity    

Preferred
Stock    

As
of July 31, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par
value of $0.01 per share, in one or more series. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding.  

Common
Stock    

As
of July 31, 2016, 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share are authorized for issuance.  

Private
Placements     

On
October 23, 2015, we completed the initial closing of the Private Placement Financing pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
(the  Securities Purchase Agreement ), providing for the issuance and sale by us to Franchise Brands, LLC (the  Investor )
of (i) an aggregate of 13,333,333 shares (collectively, the  Purchase Shares ) of our common stock (the  Common
Stock ) at a purchase price of $0.45 per share, (ii) a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 6,666,666 shares of Common
Stock with a term of five years (the  Five-Year Warrant ) and (iii) a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,666,666
shares of Common Stock with a term of six months and only exercisable for cash (the  Six-Month Warrant ), for aggregate
gross proceeds to us of $6.0 million.  

On
November 23, 2015, we completed the second and final closing of the Private Placement Financing. We raised $2.0 million in this
closing providing for the issuance to various investors (i) an aggregate of 4,444,439 Purchase Shares at a purchase price of $0.45
per share, (ii) Five-Year Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,222,217 shares of Common Stock (iii) Six-Month Warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,820,670 shares of Common Stock (the  Six-Month Warrants,  together with the Five-Year
Warrants, the  Warrants  and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, collectively, the  Warrant Shares ).
We did not engage a placement agent or investment banker to facilitate the Private Placement Financing. We intend to use the aggregate
net proceeds of the Private Placement Financing primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, (i) all 2,820,670 of the Six-Month Warrants issued in the second and final closing were exercised,
(ii) the Six-Month Warrants issued in the initial closing expired and (iii) the Five-Year Warrants issued in the initial closing
were cancelled.     

We
offered the securities in the Private Placement Financing to the Company s existing investors who previously purchased securities
in our private placement financings in August and September of 2014 (the  Prior Financings ). Tom Lee, a member of
our board of directors and a participant in the Prior Financings, together with certain of his affiliates, invested approximately
$472,000 in the final closing of the Private Placement Financing on the same terms offered to the other Investors.  

The Five-Year Warrants have a term of exercise
equal to the earlier of (i) five years after their issuance date or (ii) the consummation of an Acquisition Event (as defined
in the Five-Year Warrants). The Five-Year Warrants are subject to a broad-based anti-dilution adjustment in the event the Company
issues shares of Common Stock without consideration or for consideration per share less than the exercise price in effect immediately
prior to such issuance; provided however, that such adjustment does not apply to an Excluded Issuance (as such term is defined
in the Five-Year Warrants). Additionally, the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Five-Year Warrants and the
applicable exercise price therefore are subject to adjustment in the event of a stock dividend, stock split or combination as
set forth in the Five-Year Warrants. 

We
also entered into a registration rights agreement with the Investors who participated in the Private Placement Financing (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which we will be obligated, upon request of Investors holding 75% of
the Issuable Shares (as defined therein) and subject to certain conditions, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Commission ) as soon as practicable, but in any event within 60 days after receiving such applicable request,
a registration statement on Form S-1 (the  Resale Registration Statement ) to register the Purchase Shares and the
Warrant Shares for resale under the Securities Act and other securities issued or issuable with respect to or in exchange for
the Purchase Shares or Warrant Shares. We are obligated to use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration
Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing of the Resale Registration
Statement, but no monetary penalty or liquidated damages will be imposed upon the Company if the Registration Statement is not
declared effective by the SEC.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, we issued a total of 10,086,025 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4,652,312
shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $7,493,000. After deducting fees of $92,000, the net proceeds to us were $7,401,000.
The warrants issued have a five-year term, are exercisable immediately, and have exercise prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.75 per
share. A fair value of $4,397,000 was estimated for the warrants using the Black-Sholes valuation method using a volatility of
133.74%, an interest rate of 1.50% and a dividend yield of zero. We determined that the warrants issued in connection with the
private placements were equity instruments and did not represent derivative instruments.  

Other
Activity    

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we issued 2,075,000 shares of common stock to employees, directors and officers for restricted
stock units that vested, based on service and performance conditions. In addition, we entered into a two-year service agreement
for general financial advisory services. In accordance with the agreement we issued 250,000 shares of common stock, with a value
of $290,000. The value was capitalized to prepaid expense and is being amortized over the term of the agreement. During the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2016, we recognized $43,000 of expense related to these services.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, we issued 1,715,000 shares of common stock to employees, directors and officers for restricted
stock units that vested, based on service and performance conditions. In addition, we issued 250,000 shares of common stock, valued
at $206,000 for investor relations services. The value was capitalized to prepaid expense and is being amortized over a one year
term. For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $182,000 and $24,000, respectively, of expense related to these
services.  

Warrants    

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we received $1,269,000 from the exercise of warrants issued in November 2015 to purchase
2,820,670 shares of our common stock. In addition, there was a net exercise on 78,000 warrants which resulted in the issuance
of 41,178 shares of our common stock. As these warrants were net exercised, as permitted under the respective warrant agreement,
we did not receive any cash proceeds. The warrants were issued in connection with a prior year private placement and were considered
equity instruments.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, we received $4,000 from the exercise of warrants to purchase 413,332 shares of our common
stock.  

A
summary of our warrant activity and related data is as follows:  

The
following table summarizes information related to warrants outstanding at July 31, 2016:  

Restricted
Stock Units     

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we issued 2,075,000 and 1,715,000 shares of common stock to employees and directors
for restricted stock units that vested, based on performance and service conditions, respectively (See Note 8).  

A
summary of our restricted stock unit activity and related data is as follows:  

8.
Share-Based Compensation    

Restricted
Stock Units    

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors issued 200,000 restricted stock units
( RSUs ) to Henry R. Lambert, our Chief Executive Officer. The RSUs vest based on performance conditions and expire
July 31, 2018. If the performance conditions are not met, or expected to be met, no compensation cost will be recognized on the
underlying RSUs. If the performance condition is expected to be met, the expense will be allocated over the performance period.
The RSUs granted to Mr. Lambert were not granted pursuant to any compensatory, bonus, or similar plan maintained or otherwise
sponsored by the Company.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we issued 772,500 RSUs to key employees. The RSUs vest based on performance and service conditions.
If the performance conditions are not met, or expected to be met, no compensation cost will be recognized on the underlying RSUs.
If the performance condition is expected to be met, the expense will be allocated over the performance period.  

In
addition, during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we entered into a nonexclusive sales representative agreement with a third-party
consultant. Based on the terms of the agreement, we issued 300,000 RSUs that vest only if sales milestones to certain defined
customers are achieved. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, 150,000 RSUs were canceled due to non-performance. We currently
do not expect the remaining RSUs issued under the agreement to vest. The agreement terminates on July 31, 2017.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, 2,075,000 RSUs vested based on service conditions that were satisfied during the period,
resulting in the issuance of 2,075,000 shares of common stock. Of the 1,285,000 RSUs outstanding, we currently expect 250,000
to vest. As of July 31, 2016, there was $145,000 of unrecognized non-cash compensation cost related to RSUs we expect to vest,
which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.78 years. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, 1,122,500 RSUs
were forfeited.  

For
the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense for RSUs was $1,544,000 and $2,319,000, respectively.  

Stock
Option Plans    

In
February 2016, we amended and restated our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, to, among other changes,  increase
the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan by 4,000,000 shares and extend the term of the Plan until February
4, 2026. The Plan  provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, as well as other share-based payment
awards, to our employees, directors, consultants and advisors. These awards have up to a 10-year contractual life and are subject
to various vesting periods, as determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors. Our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
is the only active plan pursuant to which options to acquire common stock or restricted stock awards can be granted and are currently
outstanding. As of July 31, 2016, there were approximately 2.0 million shares available for issuance under the Plan.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 950,000 stock
options to our officers and directors. Each option represents the right to receive one share of common stock, issuable at the
time the option vests, as set forth in the option agreement. The breakdown is as follows:  

Mark S. Elliott Option Award: We granted
    Mr. Elliott a two year award consisting of an option to purchase one hundred fifty thousand (150,000) shares of
    common stock. The option shares vest quarterly over a one year period.   

Henry R. Lambert Option Award: We granted
    Mr. Lambert a five year award consisting of an option to purchase two hundred thousand (200,000) shares of common
    stock.   

Chairman Option Award: We granted Mr.
    Pfanzelter a five year award consisting of an option to purchase two hundred thousand (200,000) shares of common
    stock.    

Director Option Awards: We granted
    Messrs. Cohee, Lee, Otis and Dr. Theno, five year awards consisting of an option to purchase one hundred thousand (100,000)
    shares of common stock, respectively.    

The
option awards granted to Messrs. Lambert, Pfanzelter, Cohee, Lee, Otis and Dr. Theno vest in three installments: 33% on   July
31, 2016; 33% on October 31, 2016; and 34% on January 31, 2017.  

None
 of the options granted to our officers and directors were granted pursuant to any compensatory,
bonus, or similar plan maintained or otherwise sponsored by the Company.   

During the year ended July 31, 2016, we issued
850,000 options to purchase common stock to employees supporting our selling, general and administrative, and research and development
functions. The vesting terms of the options varied from 100% on grant date to quarterly over a one year period.  
 In addition, during the year ended July 31, 2016, we issued 50,000 options to purchase common stock to third-party consultants
for business development services. 12,500 option shares vested during the current fiscal year. The remaining options vest only
if sales milestones are achieved. We currently do not expect the remaining options issued under the agreements to vest. 

A summary of our stock option activity for
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The
weighted-average remaining contractual term of options outstanding at July 31, 2016 was 3.08 years.  

At July 31, 2016, options to purchase
957,801 shares of common stock were exercisable. These options had a weighted-average exercise price of $2.29, an aggregate
intrinsic value of $46,000, and a weighted average remaining contractual term of 3.22 years. The weighted average grant date fair
value for options granted during the year ended July 31, 2016 was $0.47. 

We
use the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized
over the vesting period using the straight-line method. The fair value of stock options was estimated at the grant date using
the following weighted average assumptions:  

Volatility
is the measure by which our stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of an option. Volatility is derived
from the historical daily change in the market price of our common stock, as we believe that historical volatility is the best
indicator of future volatility.  

The
risk-free interest rates used in the Black-Scholes calculations are based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield as determined
by the U.S. Federal Reserve.  

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, we have assumed no dividend yield for purposes of estimating the fair value of our share-based compensation.  

The
weighted average expected life of options was estimated using the average of the contractual term and the weighted average vesting
term of the options. Certain options granted to consultants are subject to variable accounting treatment and are required to be
revalued until vested.  

Stock-based
compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. We have
not had significant forfeitures of stock options granted to employees and directors as a significant number of our historical
stock option grants were fully vested at issuance or were issued with short vesting provisions. Therefore, we have estimated the
forfeiture rate of our outstanding stock options as zero.  

The
total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option grants as of July 31, 2016 was approximately $430,000 and
the weighted average period over which these grants are expected to vest is 0.58 years.  

For
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense for stock options was $358,000 and $63,000 respectively.  

9.
Related Party Transactions    

On
December 11, 2013, the Company entered into a five-year strategic collaboration agreement with St. Louis-based Intercon Chemical
Company (ICC). The agreement consists of a multi-prong approach to accelerate the commercialization of PURE s unique and
proprietary SDC-based products. The strategic collaboration agreement provides:  

ICC
    licenses from PURE its patents and technology know-how for the exclusive manufacture of our SDC-based products.    

ICC will invest in plant improvements to allow for expanded
SDC production.    

ICC s R D team will collaborate on SDC product
line development.    

ICC
    licenses the distribution rights for SDC-based products into its core businesses of institutional cleaning and sanitation
    products.    

ICC will also develop a new initiative focused on US
hospital, healthcare and medical facilities.    

PURE earns royalty income on SDC-products sold by ICC
and its affiliates.    

During the year
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, our net product sales to ICC was $34,000 and $69,000, respectively. As of July 31, 2016, $118,000
was payable to ICC for the production of SDC based products and $24,000 of accounts receivable was due to the Company. As of
July 31, 2015, $6,000 was payable to ICC for the production of SDC based products and $2,000 of accounts receivable was due to
the Company.  

10.
Sales Concentration   

Net product sales were $1,289,000 and $729,000
for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the year ended July 31, 2016, one customer accounted for 37% of
our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for 10% or more of our net product sales. The geographic breakdown
of net product sales for the year ended July 31, 2016 was as follows: 100% U.S. For the year ended July 31, 2015, one customer
accounted for 47% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for 10% or more of our net product sales. The
geographic breakdown of net product sales for the year ended July 31, 2015 was as follows: 97% U.S. and 3% foreign. 

11.
Income Taxes   

We
file federal and California consolidated tax returns with our subsidiaries. Our income tax provision for the year ended July 31,
2016 and 2015 was $1,600; the minimum state franchise taxes we pay regardless of income or loss.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had federal and California tax net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $95.4 million and $79.0
million, respectively. Included in these net operating loss carry-forwards is $18.6 million related to a deduction for income
tax purposes for which the Company has not realized a tax benefit. In future periods an adjustment would be recorded to Additional
Paid in Capital at the time that these net operating losses may be utilized and reduce income tax. At July 31, 2015, we had federal
and California tax net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $90.2 million and $77.5 million, respectively.
Utilization of the net operating loss carry-forwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership change
limitations that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
as well as similar state provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carry-forwards that can
be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an
ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups.
Since our formation, we have raised capital through the issuance of capital stock on several occasions (both before and after
our initial public offering in 1996) which, combined with the purchasing stockholders  subsequent disposition of those shares,
may have resulted in such an ownership change, or could result in an ownership change in the future upon subsequent disposition.
While we do not believe that we have experienced an ownership change, the pertinent tax rules related thereto are complex and
subject to varying interpretations, and thus complete assurance cannot be provided that the taxing authorities would not take
an alternative position.  

Our
current federal tax loss carry-forwards begin expiring in the year ended July 31, 2019 and, unless previously utilized, will completely
expire in the year ending July 31, 2036. Our California tax loss carry-forwards will begin to expire in the year ending July 31,
2017, and will completely expire in the year ending July 31, 2036.  

Significant
components of our deferred tax assets are as follows:  

Realization of our deferred tax
assets, which relate to operating loss carry-forwards and timing differences, is dependent on future earnings, among other
factors. The timing and amount of future earnings are uncertain and therefore a valuation allowance has been established. The
increase in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $2,423,000
and $3,075,000, respectively. The deferred tax asset and valuation allowance balances as of July 31, 2015 have been
restated to correct for an error related to the Company s calculation of its income tax provision for the year ended
July 31, 2015.  The Company assessed the materiality of the error to the previously issued financial statements for year
ended July 31, 2015 in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Nos. 108 and 99 and concluded that the revisions were
not material to those financial statements. The deferred tax asset and valuation allowance balances as of July 31, 2015
presented herein each reflect a decrease of approximately $6,875,000 to correct for this error. The error impacts only
certain amounts disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements and not the results of operations or the financial
position of the Company. 

A
reconciliation of income taxes computed using the statutory income tax rate, compared to the effective tax rate, is as follows:  

Following
authoritative guidance, we recognize the tax benefit from a tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  

Our practice is to recognize interest and/or
penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense; however we have had no accrued interest or penalties at either
July 31, 2016 or July 31, 2015. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in California, and our historical tax
years remain subject to future examination by the U.S. and California tax authorities. During the years ended July 31,
2016 and 2015, we did not record any activity related to our unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject
to federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject
to income tax examination by tax authorities in major jurisdictions for tax years prior to 2011. However, to the
extent allowed by law, the taxing authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses were generated
and carried forward, and make adjustments up to the amount of the carryforwards. The Company is not currently under examination
by the IRS or state taxing authorities. 

12.
Subsequent Events   

None   

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement Nos. 333-88648, 333-114754,
and 333-143378 on Form S-8 and in Registration Statement Nos. 333-205108, 333-192397 and 333-209416 on Form S-8, of our report
dated October 27, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements of PURE Bioscience, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

/s/
Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C.   

San
Diego, California  

  October
27, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1    

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE    

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002    

I,
Henry R. Lambert, Chief Executive Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc., certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of PURE Bioscience, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;    

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and    

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and    

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
    October 27, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    HENRY R. LAMBERT    

Henry
    R. Lambert   

Chief
    Executive Officer    

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

I,
Mark S. Elliott, Vice President, Finance and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc., certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of PURE Bioscience, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;    

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and    

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and    

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
    October 27, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    MARK S. ELLIOTT    

Mark
    S. Elliott   

Vice
    President, Finance    

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1    

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:  

(i)  
      the
    accompanying report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended July 31, 2016, to which this Certificate is attached
    (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and

(ii)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.    

Date:
    October 27, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Henry R. Lambert    

Henry
                                         R. Lambert  
          Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained
by Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2    

CERTIFICATION   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:  

(i)  
      the
    accompanying report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended July 31, 2016, to which this Certificate is attached
    (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and

(ii)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.    

Date:
    October 27, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Mark S. Elliott    

Mark
                                         S. Elliott  
                                                                                   Vice
                                         President, Finance  

(Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained
by Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pure-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pure-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pure-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pure-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pure-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pure-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

