<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K_edgar_data_1334933_0001279569-16-004485_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15113219</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>521871</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>4571937</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3421189</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4631450</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1650965</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>289</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001279569-16-004485.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013185518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001279569-16-004485
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			URANIUM ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334933
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS METAL ORES [1090]
		IRS NUMBER:				980399476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33706
		FILM NUMBER:		161935687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH SHORELINE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800N
		CITY:			CORPUS CHRISTI
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		361-888-8235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH SHORELINE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800N
		CITY:			CORPUS CHRISTI
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001279569-16-004485.txt : 20161014

10-K
 1
 v449966_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

For the transition period from
________________ to ________________ 

Commission file number    :
  001-33706   

URANIUM
ENERGY CORP.  
 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    
                                         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
         organization)  
        98-0399476    
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

1030
West Georgia      Street, Suite 1830, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6E 2Y3   

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(604)
682-9775    
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: 
     Name of each exchange on which registered:  
 
       Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 per share   
       NYSE MKT    

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

N/A    
(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes       No   x   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes       No   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes   x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x     No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
       x    Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check 
          Smaller reporting company  

if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes     No   x   

The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ($0.96 on January 29, 2016)
was approximately $93,011,000. 

The registrant had 117,388,052 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 10, 2016. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Form 10-K Annual Report and any
documents incorporated herein by reference (the  Annual Report ) include statements and information about our
strategy, objectives, plans and expectations for the future that are not statements or information of historical fact. These
statements and information are considered to be forward-looking statements, or forward-looking information, within the
meaning of and under the protection provided by the safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements as contained in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and similar Canadian securities laws. 

Forward-looking statements, and any estimates
and assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our views and expectations for the future as of
the date of this Annual Report, which can change significantly. Furthermore, forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different
from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by such forward-looking statements.
Accordingly, forward-looking statements in this Annual Report should not be unduly relied upon. 

Forward-looking statements may be based
on a number of material estimates and assumptions, of which any one or more may prove to be incorrect. Forward-looking statements
may be identifiable by terminology concerning the future, such as  anticipate ,  believe ,  continue ,
 could ,  estimate ,  expect ,  forecast ,  intend ,  goal ,
 likely ,  may ,  might ,  outlook ,  plan ,  predict ,
 potential ,  project ,  should ,  schedule ,  strategy ,  target ,
 will  or  would , and similar expressions or variations thereof including the negative use of such terminology.
Examples in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, such forward-looking statements reflecting or pertaining to: 

our
                                         expectations for worldwide nuclear power generation and future uranium supply and demand,
                                         including long-term market prices for U 3 O 8 ;   

our
                                         belief and expectations of in-situ recovery mining for our uranium projects, where applicable;   

our
                                         estimation of mineralized materials, which are based on certain estimates and assumptions,
                                         and the economics of future production for our uranium projects including the Palangana
                                         Mine;   

our
                                         plans and expectations including anticipated expenditures relating to exploration, pre-extraction,
                                         extraction and reclamation activities for our uranium projects including the Palangana
                                         Mine;   

our
                                         ability to obtain, maintain and amend, within a reasonable period of time, required rights,
                                         permits and licenses from landowners, governments and regulatory authorities;   

our
                                         ability to obtain adequate additional financing including access to the equity and credit
                                         markets;   

our
                                         ability to remain in compliance with the terms of our indebtedness; and   

our
                                         belief and expectations including the possible impact of any legal proceedings or regulatory
                                         actions against the Company.   

Forward-looking statements, and any estimates
and assumptions upon which they are based, are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we do not intend or undertake to
revise, update or supplement any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, future events or changes in estimates and
assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable securities laws. Should
one or more forward-looking statements be revised, updated or supplemented, no inference should be made that we will revise, update
or supplement any other forward looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. As discussed in more detail under Item 1A. Risk Factors, we have identified a number
of material risks and uncertainties which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Annual Report,
including but not limited to the following: 

our
                                         limited financial and operating history;   

our
                                         need for additional financing;   

our
                                         ability to service our indebtedness;   

our
                                         limited uranium extraction and sales history;   

our
                                         operations are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, many
                                         beyond our control;   

ii       

our
                                         exploration activities on our mineral properties may not result in commercially recoverable
                                         quantities of uranium;   

limits
                                         to our insurance coverage;   

the
                                         level of government regulation, including environmental regulation;   

changes
                                         in governmental regulation and administrative practices;   

nuclear
                                         incidents;   

the
                                         marketability of uranium concentrates;   

the
                                         competitive environment in which we operate;   

our
                                         dependence on key personnel; and   

conflicts
                                         of interest of our directors and officers.   

Any one of the foregoing material risks
and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different from
any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made
by us or by persons acting on our behalf. Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material
adverse effects that any one or more of these material risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results, or that the foregoing list represents a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties
facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature that, as of the date of this Annual Report, we
are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future, any one or more of which may result in a
material adverse effect on us. 

Forward-looking statements made by us
or by persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary information. 

REFERENCES  

As used in this Annual Report: (i) the
terms  we ,  us ,  our ,  Uranium Energy  and the  Company  mean Uranium
Energy Corp. including its wholly-owned subsidiaries and a controlled partnership; (ii)  SEC  refers to the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission; (iii)  Securities Act  refers to the United States  Securities Act of
1933 , as amended; (iv)  Exchange Act  refers to the United States  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended;
and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

iii       

table of
contents 

PART I  
     2  

Item 1. Business  
     2  

Item 1A.   Risk Factors  
     12  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  
     21  

Item 2. Properties  
     22  

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  
     63  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     64  

PART II  
     65  

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     65  

Item 6. Selected Financial Data  
     68  

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     69  

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     84  

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     84  

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     85  

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  
     85  

Item 9B. Other Information  
     86  

Part III  
     87  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     87  

Item 11. Executive Compensation  
     93  

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
     109  

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
     110  

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
     111  

Part IV  
     112  

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
     112  

PART I 

Item 1. Business  

Corporate Organization  

Uranium Energy Corp. was incorporated under
the laws of the State of Nevada on May 16, 2003 under the name  Carlin Gold Inc.  During 2004, we changed our business
operations and focus from precious metals exploration to uranium exploration in the United States. On January 24, 2005, we completed
a reverse stock split of our common stock on the basis of one share for each two outstanding shares and amended our Articles of
Incorporation to change our name to  Uranium Energy Corp. . Effective February 28, 2006, we completed a forward stock
split of our common stock on the basis of 1.5 shares for each outstanding share and amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase
our authorized capital from 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share to 750,000,000 shares of common
stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. In June 2007, we changed our fiscal year end from December 31 to July 31. 

On December 31, 2007, we incorporated
a wholly-owned subsidiary, UEC Resources Ltd., under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada. Effective December
18, 2009, we acquired a 100% interest in the South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P., a Texas limited liability partnership, from each
of URN Resources Inc., a subsidiary of Uranium One Inc., and Everest Exploration, Inc. On September 3, 2010, we incorporated a
wholly-owned subsidiary, UEC Paraguay Corp., under the laws of the State of Nevada. Effective May 24, 2011, we acquired a 100%
in interest in Piedra Rica Mining S.A., a private company incorporated in Paraguay. Effective September 9, 2011, we acquired a
100% interest in Concentric Energy Corp., a private company incorporated in the State of Nevada. Effective March 30, 2012, we
acquired a 100% interest in Cue Resources Ltd., a formerly publicly-traded company incorporated in the Province of British Columbia,
Canada. Effective March 4, 2016, we acquired 100% interest in JDL Resources Inc., a private company incorporated in Cayman Islands. 

Our principal offices are located at 500
North Shoreline Boulevard, Suite 800N, Corpus Christi, Texas 78401 and 1030 West Georgia Street, Suite 1830, Vancouver, British
Columbia, Canada V6E 2Y3. 

General Business  

We are engaged in uranium mining and related
activities, including exploration, pre-extraction, extraction and processing, on uranium projects located in the United States
and Paraguay. We utilize in-situ recovery ( ISR ) mining where possible which we believe, when compared to conventional
open pit or underground mining, requires lower capital and operating expenditures with a shorter lead time to extraction and a
reduced impact on the environment. We do not expect, however, to utilize ISR mining for all of our mineral rights in which case
we would expect to rely on conventional open pit and/or underground mining techniques. We have one uranium mine located in the
State of Texas, the Palangana Mine, which utilizes ISR mining and commenced extraction of uranium oxide ( U 3 O 8  ),
or yellowcake, in November 2010. We have one uranium processing facility located in the State of Texas, the Hobson Processing
Facility, which processes material from the Palangana Mine into drums of U 3 O 8 , our only sales product and
source of revenue, for shipping to a third-party storage and sales facility. Since commencement of uranium extraction from the
Palangana Mine in November 2010 to July 31, 2015, the Hobson Processing Facility has processed 578,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 .
At July 31, 2016, we had no uranium supply or  off-take  agreements in place. 

Our fully-licensed and 100%-owned Hobson
Processing Facility forms the basis for our regional operating strategy in the State of Texas, specifically the South Texas Uranium
Belt where we utilize ISR mining. We utilize a  hub-and-spoke  strategy whereby the Hobson Processing Facility acts
as the central processing site (the  hub ) for our Palangana Mine and future satellite uranium mining activities,
such as our Burke Hollow and Goliad Projects, located within the South Texas Uranium Belt (the  spokes ). The Hobson
Processing Facility has a physical capacity to process uranium-loaded resins up to a total of two million pounds of U 3 O 8
 annually and is licensed to process up to one million pounds of U 3 O 8  annually. 

At July 31, 2016, we hold certain mineral
rights in various stages in the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming and in the Republic of Paraguay, many
of which are located in historically successful mining areas and have been the subject of past exploration and pre-extraction
activities by other mining companies. We do not expect, however, to utilize ISR mining for all of our mineral rights in which
case we would expect to rely on conventional open pit and/or underground mining techniques. 

Our operating and strategic framework
is based on expanding our uranium extraction activities, which includes advancing certain uranium projects with established mineralized
materials towards uranium extraction, and establishing additional mineralized materials on our existing uranium projects or through
acquisition of additional uranium projects. 

During Fiscal 2016, uranium extraction
at Production Area Authorizations ( PAA ) 1, 2 and 3 of the Palangana Mine continued to operate at a reduced pace since
implementing our strategic plan in September 2013, to align our operations to a weak uranium market in a challenging post-Fukushima
environment. This strategy has included the deferral of major pre-extraction expenditures and remaining in a state of operational
readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium prices. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company: 

entered into a  second amended
and restated credit agreement (the  Second Amended and Restated Agreement ) with its lenders and extended the $20,000,000
senior secured credit facility by deferring required principal payments to February 1, 2019 and by extending the maturity date
to January 1, 2020;    

continued to advance  development
of PAA 4 of the Palangana Mine;    

continued
                                         to advance exploration and permitting activities at the Burke Hollow Project;   

continued
                                         permitting work at the Anderson Project;   

appointed
                                         former United States Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham as Executive Chairman of the Company s
                                         Board of Directors; and   

appointed
                                         Pat Obara as the Company s Chief Financial Officer.   

Uranium Industry Background  

With the world s population exceeding
seven billion people and growing, the need for electricity is rising and is an important driver for the projected long term increase
in nuclear power generation and uranium demand. The world s current operating fleet of nuclear power plants, in addition
to the global growth in new reactors under construction and those planned, is testimony to the confidence in nuclear power to
provide safe, economical, reliable carbon free energy as part of an overall energy supply mix. As of August 10, 2016, World Nuclear
Association ( WNA ) data shows 445 reactors operable worldwide with 61 new reactors under construction, 170 reactors
planned or on order and another 339 proposed. Translated into global uranium demand, Ux Consulting Company ( UxC ),
a uranium market information source, projects base demand to increase from about 182 million pounds in 2016 to 190 million pounds
in 2020 and about 210 million pounds by 2025. 

Nuclear generation in the United States
remained stable in 2015, producing about 797 billion kilowatt-hours, accounting for 19.5% of the country s total electrical
generation as reported by the Nuclear Energy Institute. As of August 2016, the operating U.S. reactor fleet stands at 100 reactors,
with four new commercial reactors in various stages of construction (Vogtle 3 and 4 in Georgia and Summer 2 and 3 in South Carolina).
A new reactor, Watts Bar 2 in Tennessee has just been completed and is now in commercial operation. In addition, the U.S. Nuclear
Regulatory Commission has another 10 new reactor applications that are active. The U.S. remains the world s largest consumer
of uranium with annual requirements of about 50 million pounds of U 3 O 8 . The U.S. Energy Information Administration
( EIA ) reported domestic production totaled 3.3 million pounds in 2015, down 32% from 4.9 million pounds in 2014.
This amounts to about 7% of U.S. reactor requirements in 2015 and highlights the U.S. dependency on foreign sources of uranium
supply. 

Uranium production around the planet increased
about 9% in 2015 from 145 to 158 million pounds of U 3 O 8 . The lion s share of this new production came
from the long anticipated and much delayed Cigar Lake project that was just beginning to ramp up in 2014. About 130 million pounds,
or 83%, of the globe s production came from Africa, Australia, Canada and Kazakhstan (UxC data). Kazakhstan remained the
world s largest producer, with about 62 million pounds produced or about 40% of the world s total production. The
projects in these areas are primarily controlled by five major producers, although some of these mines involve joint ventures
with other entities. Many of the projects in various production areas are subject to heightened geopolitical and other risks.
In choosing a long term supplier in this highly concentrated industry, these are important considerations for a utility relying
on a secure uranium supply source to fuel their reactor needs. 

Japan s March 11, 2011 earthquake
and subsequent tsunami causing the Fukushima Daiichi accident has had a substantial impact on the nuclear fuel markets and resulted
in a short term oversupply situation. As this oversupply has persisted in the nuclear fuel market during 2015, prices have remained
under pressure. Uranium spot market prices have fallen over 64% from a March 1, 2011 pre-Fukushima price of $70.00 per pound to
an 11 year low at $25.00 per pound in mid-July of 2016. Spot prices were up slightly off the low at around $26 per pound at the
end of August 2016, a price well below almost all producers cost of production. Long-term contract (base price escalated) prices
have also weakened and were published at $38 per pound in July 2016 after dropping from the pre-Fukushima level of $73 per pound.
Since Fukushima, the spot and long-term contract price drops have resulted in the deferral or cancellation of several large uranium
projects, removing 178 million pounds of supply that was projected to be online in the years 2014 to 2016, and another 58 million
pounds in 2020 (UxC data). 

Most recently, the world s largest
uranium producer announced plans to shutter its U.S. operations that will remove about 2 million pounds per year of U.S. production.
Additionally, many longer term high priced contracts are falling out of producer portfolios and will not be replaced at current
market prices, likely forcing the suspension of higher cost production. We believe this trend is likely to continue absent a substantial
and sustained increase in market price. Production cuts, project deferrals and cancellations further exacerbate the growing longer
term gap between production and consumption and are likely to increase the prospects for an eventual strong rebound in uranium
prices. 

While Japan s return to nuclear power
post Fukushima has been slower than expected, it s still progressing with an ultimate goal of producing 20 to 22% of their
electrical generation requirements from nuclear power. A total of 25 reactors have applied to the Nuclear Regulatory Authority
( NRA ) for restart. To date, the NRA has approved seven reactors to resume commercial operations, of which three
reactors have restarted, with Sendai 1 and 2 as well as Ikata 3 all operating smoothly. 

World base case demand was about 194
million pounds in 2015, exceeding the 158 million pounds of total production by about 36 million pounds. The gap between
 Existing  production and consumption is projected to be near 20 million pounds per year in 2020, and increasing
further to about 48 million pounds in 2023 (UxC Uranium Market Outlook Q2-2016). While projections show some of the gap could
be partially filled with new production, there is question whether or not  Planned and Potential  production
comes on line in accordance with expectations. So far, the difference between primary production and reactor demand is being
filled with secondary market sources. This includes the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) excess uranium
inventories, enrichment underfeeding and tails re-enrichment programs as well as Russian stockpiles. Some progress has been
made to curtail the amount of uranium that the DOE has been placing into the market, but their continued release of price
insensitive material has had a clear, adverse material impact on market prices. While no definitive agreement has been
reached, there are legislative and other efforts underway to limit or halt the material DOE is placing into the market. 

Ultimately, the forces of supply and demand
will dictate the direction of future uranium pricing. The EIA reported that U.S. supplier inventories have decreased each year
over the past four years with another drop in 2015 of 19% from 2014 levels. In past reports, UxC has noted  To the extent
that fewer inventories are being held by suppliers, they are likely to be less aggressive selling material and thus pushing price
lower.  Also in another recently issued report UxC stated  the market is transitioning from being inventory driven
to being production driven.  Most planned projects have costs well above $50 per pound and many industry executives and analysts,
including J.P. Morgan; have stated a minimum acceptable price to encourage new hard-rock conventional production is above $75 per
pound. 

The global growth in nuclear power is impressive,
resulting in a near 40% growth rate in uranium consumption from 2016 through 2030. For this past year, the International Energy
Agency reported that the  global addition to nuclear capacity in 2015 was 10.2 gigawatts, the highest growth in 25 years. 
Much of this growth is coming from countries like China which plans to have over 97 gigawatt electrical ( GWe ) of
nuclear generation in place by 2025. As of August 2016, China had 34 reactors that were operable with about 31 GWe of capacity.
Other countries like India and Russia also have robust nuclear power expansion plans. These countries are embarking on sovereign-backed
uranium acquisition programs, building inventory stockpiles for their future requirements. This also includes substantial long
term contracting with Western suppliers and taking controlling interests in primary mine production capacity. In addition, Russia
and China are aggressively pursuing programs to sell their reactors around the globe. In most cases the sales agreements contain
turnkey provisions, including uranium supply as a component of the reactor package that will require far more uranium than they
currently produce. 

In the United States, future growth in
nuclear generation is likely to emerge from clean-air initiatives, like the Environmental Protection Agency s Clean Power
Plan that mandates the U.S. utility industry reduce carbon emissions 32% by 2030. New U.S. reactor builds are a clear choice in
meeting environmental goals and requirements with reliable clean air energy. Currently, about 60% of the U.S. carbon free electricity
is generated from nuclear power. While there have been five U.S. nuclear plant closings in recent years and announcements of future
closings for nine additional reactors, there is reasonable question if this will continue. Most of the U.S. reactors with potential
to close are in merchant markets where they are forced to compete with heavily subsidized windpower, and what is currently cheap
gas fired generation. However, gas fired generation is not environmentally friendly and producing CO 2  emissions that
are expected to surpass that produced by coal this year. This is not consistent with clean air initiatives and should cause some
States to revisit their plans to meet EPA mandates. The recent New York State Clean Energy Standard ( CES ) will keep
New York nuclear units operational, avoiding costly pollution. As a result of this program, the FitzPatrick Plant that had previously
planned to close will now continue operation. We believe other States will likely follow the CES template and keep their nuclear
plants contributing to a clean energy supply mix. 

In total, the cumulative amount of global
uncommitted demand over the next five years is 262 million pounds. This represents an 18% increase over the five year forward uncommitted
demand evident in 2015. Older contracts are winding down from the previous contracting cycle and as a matter of practice, utilities
typically contract for their open needs two to four years in advance of the requirement. As utilities return to the spot, mid and
long term markets, the more recent inventory driven market is likely to wane and a production driven market should emerge. In summary,
we believe supply and demand fundamentals have significant potential to force uranium prices upward. We believe the global climate-change
push for carbon reduction, and critical air pollution concerns, like those in China, likely leaves nuclear power as the primary
alternative for emission-free, base load, 24-7 generation. 

In-Situ Recovery (ISR) Mining  

We utilize or plan on utilizing in-situ
recovery or ISR uranium mining for our South Texas projects including the Palangana Mine and will continue to utilize ISR mining
whenever such alternative is available to conventional mining.  When compared to conventional mining, ISR mining requires
lower capital expenditures and has a reduced impact on the environment, as well as a shorter lead time to uranium recovery. 

ISR mining involves circulating oxidized
water through an underground uranium deposit, dissolving the uranium and then pumping the uranium-rich solution to the surface
for processing. Oxidizing solution enters the formation through a series of injection wells and is drawn to a series of communicating
extraction wells. To create a localized hydrologic cone of depression in each wellfield, more groundwater will be produced than
injected. Under this gradient, the natural groundwater movement from the surrounding area is toward the wellfield, providing control
of the injection fluid. Over-extraction is adjusted as necessary to maintain a cone of depression which ensures that the injection
fluid does not move outside the permitted area. 

The uranium-rich solution is pumped from
the ore zone to the surface and circulated through a series of ion exchange columns located at the mine site.  The solution
flows through resin beds inside an ion exchange column where the uranium bonds to small resin beads.  As the solution exits
the ion exchange column, it is mostly void of uranium and is re-circulated back to the wellfield and through the ore zone. 
Once the resin beads are fully-loaded with uranium, they are transported by truck to the Hobson Processing Facility and transferred
to a tank for flushing with a brine solution, or elution, which strips the uranium from the resin beads. The stripped resin beads
are then transported back to the mine and reused in the ion exchange columns.  The uranium solution, now free from the resin,
is precipitated out and concentrated into a slurry mixture and fed to a filter press to remove unwanted solids and contaminants. 
The slurry is then dried in a zero-emissions rotary vacuum dryer, packed in metal drums and shipped out as uranium concentrates,
or yellowcake, to ConverDyn for storage and sales. 

Each project is divided into a mining unit
known as a PAA which lies inside an approved Mine Permit Boundary. Each PAA will be developed, extracted and restored as one unit
and will have its own set of monitor wells. It is common to have multiple PAAs in extraction at any one time with additional units
in various states of exploration, pre-extraction and/or restoration. 

After mining is complete in a PAA, aquifer
restoration will begin as soon as practicable and will continue until the groundwater is restored to pre-mining conditions. Once
restoration is complete, a stability period of no less than one year is scheduled with quarterly baseline and monitor well sampling.
Wellfield reclamation will follow after aquifer restoration is complete and the stability period has passed. 

Hobson Processing Facility  

The Hobson Processing Facility is located
in Karnes County, Texas, about 100 miles northwest of Corpus Christi.  It was originally licensed and constructed in 1978,
serving as the hub for several satellite mining projects until 1996, and completely refurbished in 2008. On December 18, 2009,
we acquired the Hobson Processing Facility as part of the acquisition of South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P. 

With a physical capacity to process uranium-loaded
resins up to a total of two million pounds of U 3 O 8  annually and licensed to process up to one million pounds
of U 3 O 8  annually, our fully-licensed and 100%-owned Hobson Processing Facility forms the basis for our  hub-and-spoke 
strategy in the State of Texas, specifically the South Texas Uranium Belt where we utilize ISR mining. 

Palangana Mine  

We hold various mining lease and surface
use agreements generally having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore,
develop and mine for uranium at the Palangana Mine, a 7,094-acre property located in Duval County, Texas, approximately 100 miles
south of the Hobson Processing Facility. These agreements are subject to certain royalty and overriding royalty interests indexed
to the sale price of uranium. 

On December 18, 2009, we acquired the
Palangana Mine as part of the acquisition of South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P. In November 2010, the Palangana Mine commenced
uranium extraction utilizing ISR mining and in January 2011, the Hobson Processing Facility began processing resins received from
the Palangana Mine. 

Material Relationships Including Long-Term
Delivery Contracts  

We entered into a multi-year uranium sales
contract in June 2011, as amended in January 2012, requiring the delivery of a total 320,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 
by us over a three-year period starting in August 2011. The sales price was based on published market price indicators at the time
of delivery. During the year ended July 31, 2012 and 2013 ( Fiscal 2012  and  Fiscal 2013 ), a total of
290,000 pounds of U 3 O 8  were sold under this contract and during Fiscal 2014, the remaining delivery commitment
of 30,000 pounds under this contract was cancelled at no cost to the Company. At July 31, 2016, we had no uranium supply or  off-take 
agreements in place. 

Given that there are up to approximately
60 different companies as potential buyers in the uranium market, we are not substantially dependent upon any single customer
to purchase the uranium extracted by us. 

Seasonality  

The timing of our uranium concentrate sales
is dependent upon factors such as extraction results from our mining activities, cash requirements, contractual requirements and
perception of the uranium market. As a result, our sales are neither tied to nor dependent upon any particular season. In addition,
our ability to extract and process uranium does not change on a seasonal basis. Over the past ten years, uranium prices have tended
to decline during the calendar third quarter before rebounding during the fourth quarter, but there does not appear to be a strong
correlation. 

Mineral Rights  

In Texas, our mineral rights are held
exclusively through private leases from the owners of the land/mineral/surface rights with varying terms. In general, these leases
provide for uranium and certain other specified mineral rights only including surface access rights for an initial term of five
years and renewal for a second five-year term. Production royalties apply which are calculated on a sliding-scale basis tied to
the gross sales price of uranium. Remediation of the property is required in accordance with regulatory standards, which may include
the posting of reclamation bonds. 

In Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming,
our mineral rights are held either exclusively or through a combination of federal mining claims and state and private mineral
leases. Remediation of the property is required in accordance with regulatory standards, which may include the posting of reclamation
bonds. Our federal mining claims consist of both unpatented lode and placer mining claims registered with the U.S. Bureau of Land
Management ( BLM ) and the appropriate counties. These claims provide for all mineral rights including surface access
rights for an indefinite period. Annual maintenance requirements include BLM claim fees of $155 per claim due on September 1.
Our state mineral leases are registered with the applicable state. These leases provide for all mineral rights including surface
access rights, subject to a production royalty of 5% in Wyoming, ranging from a five-year term in Arizona to a ten-year term in
Wyoming. Annual maintenance requirements include lease fees of $1 and $2 per acre and minimum exploration expenditure requirements
of $10 and $20 per acre in Arizona. Our private mineral leases are negotiated directly with the owners of the land/mineral/surface
rights with varying terms. These leases provide for uranium and certain other specified mineral rights only including surface
access rights, subject to production royalties, for an initial term of five years and renewal for a second five-year term. 

Under the mining laws of the Republic
of Paraguay, title to mineral rights for the Yuty Project is held through a  Mineral Concession Contract  approved
by the National Congress and signed between the Government of the Republic of Paraguay and the Company, and title to mineral rights
for the Coronel Oviedo Project is held through a  Mineral Permit  granted by the Ministry of Public Works and Communications.
These mineral rights provide for the exploration of metallic and non-metallic minerals and precious and semi-precious gems within
the territory of Paraguay for up to a 6-year period, and for the exploitation of minerals for a minimum period of 20 years from
the beginning of the production phase, extendable for an additional ten years. 

Burke Hollow Project  

We hold various mining lease and surface
use agreements having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore, develop
and mine for uranium at the Burke Hollow Project, a 19,335-acre property located in Bee County, Texas, subject to certain royalty
interests indexed to the sale price of uranium. 

Goliad Project  

We hold various mining lease and surface
use agreements having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore, develop
and mine for uranium at the Goliad Project, a 1,139-acre property located in Goliad County, Texas, subject to certain royalty
interests indexed to the sale price of uranium. 

Longhorn Project  

We hold various mining lease and surface
use agreements having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore, develop
and mine for uranium at the Longhorn Project, a 651-acre property located in Live Oak County, Texas, subject to certain royalty
interests indexed to the sale price of uranium. 

Salvo Project  

We hold various mining lease and surface
use agreements having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore, develop
and mine for uranium at the Salvo Project, a 1,847-acre property located in Bee County, Texas, subject to certain royalty interests
indexed to the sale price of uranium. 

Nichols Project  

We hold a mining lease and surface use
agreement having an initial five-year term with extension provisions, granting us the exclusive right to explore, develop and
mine for uranium at the Nichols Project, a 909-acre property located in Karnes County, Texas, subject to certain royalty interests
indexed to the sale price of uranium. 

Anderson Project  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in
contiguous mineral lode claims and state leases in the Anderson Project, a 8,268-acre property located in Yavapai County, Arizona. 

Workman Creek Project  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in contiguous
mineral lode claims in the Workman Creek Project, a 4,036-acre property located in Gila County, Arizona, subject to a 3.0% net
smelter royalty requiring an annual advance royalty payment of $50,000 for 2016 and 2017, and $100,000 thereafter. 

Los Cuatros Project  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in
a state lease in the Los Cuatros Project, a 640-acre property located in Maricopa County, Arizona. 

Slick Rock Project  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in
contiguous mineral lode claims in the Slick Rock Project, a 5,333-acre property located in San Miguel County, Colorado. Certain
claims of the Slick Rock Project are subject to a 1.0% or 3.0% net smelter royalty, the latter requiring an annual advance royalty
payment of $30,000 beginning in November 2017. 

Yuty Project, Paraguay  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in
one exploitation concession in the Yuty Project, a 289,680-acre property located in Paraguay, subject to an overriding royalty
payable of $0.21 for each pound of uranium produced from the property. 

Coronel Oviedo Project, Paraguay  

We hold an undivided 100% interest in one
exploration permit in the Coronel Oviedo Project, a 464,548-acre property located in Paraguay, subject to a 1.5% gross overriding
royalty over which we have an exclusive right and option at any time to acquire 0.5% for $166,667 and a right of first refusal
to acquire all or any portion of the remaining 1.0%. 

Environmental Regulation  

Our activities will be subject to existing
federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. Our operations will be subject
to stringent environmental regulation by state and federal authorities including the Railroad Commission of Texas (the  RCT ),
the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality ( TCEQ ) and the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the  EPA ). 

In Texas, surface extraction and exploration
for uranium is regulated by the RCT, while in-situ uranium extraction is regulated by the TCEQ. An exploration permit is the initial
permit granted by the RCT that authorizes exploration drilling activities inside an approved area. This permit authorizes specific
drilling and plugging activities requiring documentation for each borehole drilled. All documentation is submitted to the RCT
on a monthly basis and each borehole drilled under the exploration permit is inspected by an RCT inspector to ensure compliance.
At July 31, 2016, the Company held one exploration permit in each of Bee, Duval, Goliad and Live Oak Counties. 

Before in-situ uranium extraction can
begin in Texas, a number of permits must be granted by the TCEQ. 

A Mine Area Permit application is required
for submission to the TCEQ to establish a specific permit area boundary, aquifer exemption boundary and the mineral zones of interests
or production zones. The application also includes a financial surety plan to ensure funding for all plugging and abandonment
requirements. Funding for surety is in the form of cash or bonds, including an excess of 15% for contingencies and 10% for overhead,
adjusted annually for inflation. At July 31, 2016, the Company held two Mine Area Permits, one for the Palangana Mine and another
for the Goliad Project. 

A Radioactive Material License ( RML )
application is also required for submission to the TCEQ for authorization to operate a uranium recovery facility. The application
includes baseline environmental data for soil, vegetation, surface water and groundwater along with operational sampling frequencies
and locations. A Radiation Safety Manual is a key component of the application which defines the environmental health and safety
programs and procedures to protect employees and the environment. Another important component of the application is a financial
surety mechanism to insure plant and wellfield decommissioning is properly funded and maintained. Surety funding is in the form
of cash or bonds and includes an excess of 15% for contingencies and 10% for overhead, adjusted annually for inflation. At July
31, 2016, the Company held RMLs for its Palangana Mine, Goliad Project and the Hobson Processing Facility. 

Production Area Authorization applications
are also required for submission to the TCEQ to establish specific extraction areas inside the Mine Area Permit boundary. These
are typically 30 to 100 acre units that have been delineated and contain producible quantities of uranium. The PAA application
includes baseline water quality data that is characteristic of that individual unit, proposes upper control limits for monitor
well analysis and also establishes restoration values. The application will also include a financial security plan for wellfield
restoration and reclamation which must be funded and in place prior to commencing uranium extraction. At July 31, 2016, the Company
held four PAA permits for its Palangana Mine and one for its Goliad Project. 

A Class I disposal well permit application
is also required for submission to the TCEQ for authorization for deep underground wastewater injection. It is the primary method
for disposing of excess fluid from the extraction areas and for reverse osmosis concentrate during the restoration phase. This
permit authorizes injection into a specific injection zone within a designated injection interval. The permit requires continuous
monitoring of numerous parameters including injection flow rate, injection pressure, annulus pressure and injection/annulus differential
pressure. Mechanical integrity testing is required initially and annually to ensure the well is mechanically sound. Surety funding
for plugging and abandonment of each well is in the form of cash or bonds, including 15% for contingencies and 10% for overhead,
adjusted annually for inflation. At July 31, 2016, the Company held two Class I disposal well permits for the following projects:
Hobson Processing Facility, Palangana Satellite Facility, Burke Hollow Project and the Goliad Project. 

The federal Safe Drinking Water Act ( SDWA )
creates a regulatory program to protect groundwater and is administered by the EPA.  The SDWA allows states to issue underground
injection control ( UIC ) permits under two conditions: the state s program must have been granted primacy and
the EPA must have granted an aquifer exemption upon the state s request.  Texas, being a primacy state, is therefore
authorized to grant UIC permits and makes the official requests for an aquifer exemption to the EPA.  The aquifer exemption
request is submitted by the Company to the TCEQ, and once approved, is then submitted by the TCEQ to the EPA for concurrence and
final issuance.  At July 31, 2016, the Company held an aquifer exemption for the Palangana Mine and an aquifer exemption
for the Goliad Project. 

Waste Disposal  

The Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act ( RCRA ) and comparable state statutes affect minerals exploration and production activities by imposing regulations
on the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of  hazardous wastes  and on the disposal
of non-hazardous wastes. Under the auspices of the EPA, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA,
sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. 

Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act  

The federal Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) imposes joint and several liability for costs of investigation
and remediation and for natural resource damages, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes
of persons with respect to the release into the environment of substances designated under CERCLA as hazardous substances (collectively
 Hazardous Substances ). These classes of persons or potentially responsible parties include the current and certain
past owners and operators of a facility or property where there is or has been a release or threat of release of a Hazardous Substance
and persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of the Hazardous Substances found at such a facility. CERCLA also authorizes
the EPA and, in some cases, third parties, to take actions in response to threats to the public health or the environment and to
seek to recover the costs of such action. We may also in the future become an owner of facilities on which Hazardous Substances
have been released by previous owners or operators. We may in the future be responsible under CERCLA for all or part of the costs
to clean up facilities or property at which such substances have been released and for natural resource damages. 

Air Emissions  

Our operations are subject to local, state
and federal regulations for the control of emissions of air pollution. Major sources of air pollutants are subject to more stringent,
federally imposed permitting requirements. Administrative enforcement actions for failure to comply strictly with air pollution
regulations or permits are generally resolved by payment of monetary fines and correction of any identified deficiencies. Alternatively,
regulatory agencies could require us to forego construction, modification or operation of certain air emission sources. In Texas,
the TCEQ issues an exemption for those processes that meet the criteria for low to zero emission by issuing a Permit by Rule.
Presently the Palangana Mine, the Hobson Processing Facility and the Goliad Project all have Permit by Rule covering air emissions. 

Clean Water Act  

The Clean Water Act ( CWA )
imposes restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of wastes, including mineral processing wastes, into waters of
the United States, a term broadly defined. Permits must be obtained to discharge pollutants into federal waters. The CWA provides
for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of hazardous substances and other pollutants. It
imposes substantial potential liability for the costs of removal or remediation associated with discharges of oil or hazardous
substances. State laws governing discharges to water also provide varying civil, criminal and administrative penalties and impose
liabilities in the case of a discharge of petroleum or it derivatives, or other hazardous substances, into state waters. In addition,
the EPA has promulgated regulations that may require us to obtain permits to discharge storm water runoff. In the event of an
unauthorized discharge of wastes, we may be liable for penalties and costs. Management believes that we are in substantial compliance
with current applicable environmental laws and regulations. 

Competition  

The uranium industry is highly competitive,
and our competition includes larger, more established companies with longer operating histories that not only explore for and
produce uranium, but also market uranium and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. Due to their greater financial
and technical resources, we may not be able to acquire additional uranium projects in a competitive bidding process involving
such companies. Additionally, these larger companies have greater resources to continue with their operations during periods of
depressed market conditions. 

Research and Development Activities  

No research and development expenditures
have been incurred, either on our account or sponsored by customers, for the three most recently completed fiscal years. 

Employees  

Amir Adnani is our President and
Chief Executive Officer, and effective October 29, 2015, Pat Obara was appointed our Chief Financial Officer. These
individuals are primarily responsible for all our day-to-day operations. Effective September 8, 2014, Scott Melbye was
appointed our Executive Vice President. Harry Anthony served as our Chief Operating Officer until his resignation effective
September 27, 2013, and now serves as a Senior Advisor to the Company. Other services are provided by outsourcing and
consulting and special purpose contracts. As of July 31, 2016, we had 44 persons employed on a full-time basis and two
individuals providing services on a contract basis. 

Available Information  

The Company s website address is
www.uraniumenergy.com and our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and amendments to such reports, are
available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed or furnished electronically
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). These same reports, as well as our current reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished electronically with the SEC are available for review at the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Printed copies of the foregoing materials are available free of charge upon written request by email at
info@uraniumenergy.com. Additional information about the Company can be found at our website, however, such information is neither
incorporated by reference nor included as part of this or any other report or information filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition
to the information contained in this Form 10-K Annual Report, we have identified the following material risks and uncertainties
which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Annual Report. These material risks and uncertainties
should be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential investors in evaluating the Company, our business and the market
value of our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results,
performance, achievements or events to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied,
suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us     or by persons acting on our behalf. Refer to
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements .    

There is
no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material
risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a
significant decrease in the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and
uncertainties represent a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
of a material nature that, as of the date of this Annual Report, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become
material in the future, any one or more of which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant
portion of your investment due to any one of these material risks and uncertainties.   

Risks Related to Our Company and Business  

Evaluating our future performance
may be difficult since we have a limited financial and operating history, with significant negative cash flow and accumulated deficit
to date. Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing any form of additional financing in the future;
therefore substantial doubt exists as to whether our cash resources and/or working capital will be sufficient to enable the Company
to continue its operations over the next twelve months. Our long-term success will depend ultimately on our ability to achieve
and maintain profitability and to develop positive cash flow from our mining activities.   

As more fully described under Item 1.
Business, Uranium Energy Corp. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 16, 2003 and since 2004, we have
been engaged in uranium mining and related activities, including exploration, pre-extraction, extraction and processing, on projects
located in the United States and Paraguay. In November 2010, we commenced uranium extraction for the first time at the Palangana
Mine utilizing ISR and processed those materials at the Hobson Processing Facility into drums of U 3 O 8 , our
only sales product and source of revenue. We also hold uranium projects in various stages of exploration and pre-extraction in
the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming and the Republic of Paraguay. 

As more fully described under  Liquidity
and Capital Resources  of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations,
we have a history of significant negative cash flow and net losses, with an accumulated deficit balance of $209.4 million at July
31, 2016. Historically, we have been reliant primarily on equity financings from the sale of our common stock and, for the year
ended July 31, 2014 ( Fiscal 2014 ) and Fiscal 2013, on debt financing in order to fund our operations. Although we
generated revenues from sales of U 3 O 8  during Fiscal 2015, Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 of $3.1 million, $9.0
million and $13.8 million, respectively, with no revenues from sales of U 3 O 8  generated during Fiscal 2016,
Fiscal 2014 or for any periods prior to Fiscal 2012, we have yet to achieve profitability or develop positive cash flow from our
operations, and we do not expect to achieve profitability or develop positive cash flow from operations in the near term. As a
result of our limited financial and operating history, including our significant negative cash flow and net losses to date, it
may be difficult to evaluate our future performance. 

At July 31, 2016, we had a working capital
of $6.2 million including cash and cash equivalents of $7.1 million. As the Company does not expect to achieve and maintain profitability
in the near term, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate additional
financing which we have successfully secured since inception, including those from asset divestitures. However, there is no assurance
that we will be successful in securing any form of additional financing in the future and therefore, substantial doubt exists as
to whether our cash resources and/or working capital will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue its operations over the
next twelve months. 

Our reliance on equity and debt financings
is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and their availability whenever such additional financing is required, will
be dependent on many factors beyond our control including, but not limited to, the market price of uranium, the continuing public
support of nuclear power as a viable source of electrical generation, the volatility in the global financial markets affecting
our stock price and the status of the worldwide economy, any one of which may cause significant challenges in our ability to access
additional financing, including access to the equity and credit markets. We may also be required to seek other forms of financing,
such as asset divestitures or joint venture arrangements to continue advancing our uranium projects which would depend entirely
on finding a suitable third party willing to enter into such an arrangement, typically involving an assignment of a percentage
interest in the mineral project. 

Our long-term success, including the recoverability
of the carrying values of our assets and our ability to acquire additional uranium projects and continue with exploration and
pre-extraction activities and mining activities on our existing uranium projects, will depend ultimately on our ability to achieve
and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from our operations by establishing ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable
uranium and to develop these into profitable mining activities. The economic viability of our mining activities, including the
expected duration and profitability of the Palangana Mine and of any future satellite ISR mines, such as the Burke Hollow and
Goliad Projects, located within the South Texas Uranium Belt, has many risks and uncertainties. These include, but are not limited
to: (i) a significant, prolonged decrease in the market price of uranium; (ii) difficulty in marketing and/or selling uranium
concentrates; (iii) significantly higher than expected capital costs to construct the mine and/or processing plant; (iv) significantly
higher than expected extraction costs; (v) significantly lower than expected uranium extraction; (vi) significant delays, reductions
or stoppages of uranium extraction activities; and (vi) the introduction of significantly more stringent regulatory laws and regulations.
Our mining activities may change as a result of any one or more of these risks and uncertainties and there is no assurance that
any ore body that we extract mineralized materials from will result in achieving and maintaining profitability and developing
positive cash flow. 

Our operations are capital intensive,
and we will require significant additional financing to acquire additional uranium projects and continue with our exploration
and pre-extraction activities on our existing uranium projects.   

Our operations are capital intensive and
future capital expenditures are expected to be substantial. We will require significant additional financing to fund our operations,
including acquiring additional uranium projects and continuing with our exploration and pre-extraction activities which include
assaying, drilling, geological and geochemical analysis and mine construction costs. In the absence of such additional financing
we would not be able to fund our operations or continue with our exploration and pre-extraction activities, which may result in
delays, curtailment or abandonment of any one or all of our uranium projects. 

If we are unable to service our
indebtedness, we may be faced with accelerated repayments or lose the assets securing our indebtedness. Furthermore, restrictive
covenants governing our indebtedness may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.   

Effective on February 9, 2016, we entered
into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with our Lenders under which we had previously drawn down the maximum $20 million
in principal. The Credit Facility requires monthly interest payments calculated at 8% per annum and other periodic fees, and principal
repayments of $1.67 million per month over a twelve-month period commencing on February 1, 2019. Our ability to continue making
these scheduled payments will be dependent on and may change as a result of our financial condition and operating results. Failure
to make any one of these scheduled payments will put us in default with the Second Amended Credit Facility which, if not addressed
or waived, could require accelerated repayment of our indebtedness and/or enforcement by the Lenders against the Company s
assets. Enforcement against our assets would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Furthermore, the Credit Facility includes
restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to sell our assets or to incur additional indebtedness other
than permitted indebtedness, which may restrict our ability to pursue certain business strategies from time to time. If we do not
comply with these restrictive covenants, we could be in default which, if not addressed or waived, could require accelerated repayment
of our indebtedness and/or enforcement by the Lenders against our assets. 

Our uranium extraction and sales
history is limited, with our uranium extraction to date originating from a single uranium mine. Our ability to continue generating
revenue is subject to a number of factors, any one or more of which may adversely affect our financial condition and operating
results  . 

We have a limited history of uranium extraction
and generating revenue. In November 2010, we commenced uranium extraction at a single uranium mine, the Palangana Mine, which
has been our sole source for the U 3 O 8  sold to generate our revenues from sales of U 3 O 8 
during Fiscal 2015, 2013 and 2012 of $3.1 million, $9.0 million and $13.8 million, respectively, with no revenues from sales of
U 3 O 8  generated during Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2014 or for any periods prior to Fiscal 2012. 

During Fiscal 2016, uranium extraction
at PAA-1, 2 and 3 continued to operate at a reduced pace since implementing our strategic plan in September 2013 to align our
operations to a weak uranium commodity market in a challenging post-Fukushima environment. This strategy has included the deferral
of major pre-extraction expenditures and remaining in a state of operational readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium
prices.  Our ability to continue generating revenue from the Palangana Mine is subject to a number of factors which include,
but are not limited to: (i) a significant, prolonged decrease in the market price of uranium; (ii) difficulty in marketing and/or
selling uranium concentrates; (iii) significantly higher than expected capital costs to construct the mine and/or processing plant;
(iv) significantly higher than expected extraction costs; (v) significantly lower than expected uranium extraction; (vi) significant
delays, reductions or stoppages of uranium extraction activities; and (vii) the introduction of significantly more stringent regulatory
laws and regulations. Furthermore, continued mining activities at the Palangana Mine will eventually deplete the Palangana Mine
or cause such activities to become uneconomical, and if we are unable to directly acquire or develop existing uranium projects,
such as the Burke Hollow and Goliad Projects, into additional uranium mines from which we can commence uranium extraction, it
will negatively impact our ability to generate revenues. Any one or more of these occurrences may adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results. 

Uranium exploration and pre-extraction
programs and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results may
differ significantly from expectations or anticipated amounts. Furthermore, exploration programs conducted on our uranium projects
may not result in the establishment of ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable uranium.   

Uranium exploration and pre-extraction
programs and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, with many beyond our control
and including, but not limited to: (i) unanticipated ground and water conditions and adverse claims to water rights; (ii) unusual
or unexpected geological formations; (iii) metallurgical and other processing problems; (iv) the occurrence of unusual weather
or operating conditions and other force majeure events; (v) lower than expected ore grades; (vi) industrial accidents; (vii) delays
in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government permits; (viii) delays in transportation; (ix) availability of contractors
and labor; (x) government permit restrictions and regulation restrictions; (xi) unavailability of materials and equipment; and
(xii) the failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations. These risks and uncertainties
could result in: (i) delays, reductions or stoppages in our mining activities; (ii) increased capital and/or extraction costs;
(iii) damage to, or destruction of, our mineral projects, extraction facilities or other properties; (iv) personal injuries; (v)
environmental damage; (vi) monetary losses; and (vii) legal claims. 

Success in uranium exploration is dependent
on many factors, including, without limitation, the experience and capabilities of a company s management, the availability
of geological expertise and the availability of sufficient funds to conduct the exploration program. Even if an exploration program
is successful and commercially recoverable uranium is established, it may take a number of years from the initial phases of drilling
and identification of the mineralization until extraction is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of extraction
may change such that the uranium ceases to be economically recoverable. Uranium exploration is frequently non-productive due,
for example, to poor exploration results or the inability to establish ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable uranium,
in which case the uranium project may be abandoned and written-off. Furthermore, we will not be able to benefit from our exploration
efforts and recover the expenditures that we incur on our exploration programs if we do not establish ore bodies that contain
commercially recoverable uranium and develop these uranium projects into profitable mining activities, and there is no assurance
that we will be successful in doing so for any of our uranium projects. 

Whether an ore body contains commercially
recoverable uranium depends on many factors including, without limitation: (i) the particular attributes, including material changes
to those attributes, of the ore body such as size, grade, recovery rates and proximity to infrastructure; (ii) the market price
of uranium, which may be volatile; and (iii) government regulations and regulatory requirements including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental protection, permitting and land use, taxes, land tenure and transportation. 

We have not established proven or
probable reserves through the completion of a  final  or  bankable  feasibility study for any of our uranium
projects, including the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of our
uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Palangana Mine. Since we commenced extraction of mineralized
materials from the Palangana Mine without having established proven or probable reserves, it may result in our mining activities
at the Palangana Mine, and at any future uranium projects for which proven or probable reserves are not established, being inherently
riskier than other mining activities for which proven or probable reserves have been established.   

We have established the existence of mineralized
materials for certain uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. We have not established proven or probable reserves, as
defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable  feasibility
study for any of our uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable
reserves for any of our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Palangana Mine. Since we commenced
uranium extraction at the Palangana Mine without having established proven or probable reserves, there may be greater inherent
uncertainty as to whether or not any mineralized material can be economically extracted as originally planned and anticipated.
Any mineralized materials established or extracted from the Palangana Mine should not in any way be associated with having established
or produced from proven or probable reserves. 

Since we are in the Exploration
Stage, pre-production expenditures including those related to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred, the effects
of which may result in our consolidated financial statements not being directly comparable to the financial statements of companies
in the Production Stage.   

Despite the fact that we commenced uranium
extraction at the Palangana Mine in November 2010, we remain in the Exploration Stage as defined under Industry Guide 7, and will
continue to remain in the Exploration Stage until such time proven or probable reserves have been established, which may never
occur. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
( U.S. GAAP ) under which acquisition costs of mineral rights are initially capitalized as incurred while pre-production
expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time we exit the Exploration Stage.  Expenditures relating to exploration
activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such
time proven or probable reserves are established for that uranium project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to mine
development activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. 

We have neither established nor have any
plans to establish proven or probable reserves for our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the
Palangana Mine. Companies in the Production Stage as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, having established proven and
probable reserves and exited the Exploration Stage, typically capitalize expenditures relating to ongoing development activities,
with corresponding depletion calculated over proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method and allocated to
future reporting periods to inventory and, as that inventory is sold, to cost of goods sold. As we are in the Exploration Stage,
it has resulted in us reporting larger losses than if we had been in the Production Stage due to the expensing, instead of capitalization,
of expenditures relating to ongoing mill and mine pre-extraction activities. Additionally, there would be no corresponding amortization
allocated to our future reporting periods since those costs would have been expensed previously, resulting in both lower inventory
costs and cost of goods sold and results of operations with higher gross profits and lower losses than if we had been in the Production
Stage. Any capitalized costs, such as acquisition costs of mineral rights, are depleted over the estimated extraction life using
the straight-line method. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable to the financial statements
of companies in the Production Stage. 

Estimated costs of future reclamation
obligations may be significantly exceeded by actual costs incurred in the future. Furthermore, only a portion of the financial
assurance required for the future reclamation obligations has been funded.   

We are responsible for certain remediation
and decommissioning activities in the future primarily for the Hobson Processing Facility and the Palangana Mine, and have recorded
a liability of $3.7 million on our balance sheet at July 31, 2016, to recognize the present value of the estimated costs of such
reclamation obligations.  Should the actual costs to fulfill these future reclamation obligations materially exceed these
estimated costs, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, including not having the financial
resources required to fulfill such obligations when required to do so. 

During Fiscal 2015, we secured $5.6 million
of surety bonds as an alternate source of financial assurance for the estimated costs of the reclamation obligations of the Hobson
Processing Facility and the Palangana Mine, of which we have $1.7 million funded and held as restricted cash for collateral purposes
as required by the surety. We may be required at any time to fund the remaining $3.9 million or any portion thereof for a number
of reasons including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the terms of the surety bonds are amended, such as an increase in
collateral requirements; (ii) we are in default with the terms of the surety bonds; (iii) the surety bonds are no longer acceptable
as an alternate source of financial assurance by the regulatory authorities; or (iv) the surety encounters financial difficulties.
Should any one or more of these events occur in the future, we may not have the financial resources to fund the remaining amount
or any portion thereof when required to do so. 

We do not insure against all of
the risks we face in our operations.   

In general, where coverage is available
and not prohibitively expensive relative to the perceived risk, we will maintain insurance against such risk, subject to exclusions
and limitations. We currently maintain insurance against certain risks including securities and general commercial liability claims
and certain physical assets used in our operations, subject to exclusions and limitations, however, we do not maintain insurance
to cover all of the potential risks and hazards associated with our operations.  We may be subject to liability for environmental,
pollution or other hazards associated with our exploration, pre-extraction and extraction activities, which we may not be insured
against, which may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage or which we may elect not to insure against because of high premiums
or other reasons. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any insurance coverage we currently have will continue to be available
at reasonable premiums or that such insurance will adequately cover any resulting liability. 

Acquisitions that we may make from
time to time could have an adverse impact on us.    

From time to time, we examine opportunities
to acquire additional mining assets and businesses. Any acquisition that we may choose to complete may be of a significant size,
may change the scale of our business and operations, and may expose us to new geographic, political, operating, financial and
geological risks. Our success in our acquisition activities depends on our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates,
negotiate acceptable terms for any such acquisition, and integrate the acquired operations successfully with those of our Company.
Any acquisitions would be accompanied by risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example: (i) there
may be a significant change in commodity prices after we have committed to complete the transaction and established the purchase
price or exchange ratio; (ii) a material ore body may prove to be below expectations; (iii) we may have difficulty integrating
and assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired companies, realizing anticipated synergies and maximizing the financial
and strategic position of the combined enterprise, and maintaining uniform standards, policies and controls across the organization;
(iv) the integration of the acquired business or assets may disrupt our ongoing business and our relationships with employees,
customers, suppliers and contractors; and (v) the acquired business or assets may have unknown liabilities which may be significant.
In the event that we choose to raise debt capital to finance any such acquisition, our leverage will be increased. If we choose
to use equity as consideration for such acquisition, existing shareholders may suffer dilution. Alternatively, we may choose to
finance any such acquisition with our existing resources. There can be no assurance that we would be successful in overcoming
these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with such acquisitions. 

The uranium industry is subject
to numerous stringent laws, regulations and standards, including environmental protection laws and regulations. If any changes
occur that would make these laws, regulations and standards more stringent, it may require capital outlays in excess of those
anticipated or cause substantial delays, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations.   

Uranium exploration and pre-extraction
programs and mining activities are subject to numerous stringent laws, regulations and standards at the federal, state, and local
levels governing permitting, pre-extraction, extraction, exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal,
protection and reclamation of the environment, protection of endangered and protected species, mine safety, hazardous substances
and other matters. Our compliance with these requirements requires significant financial and personnel resources. 

The laws, regulations, policies or current
administrative practices of any government body, organization or regulatory agency in the United States or any other applicable
jurisdiction, may change or be applied or interpreted in a manner which may also have a material adverse effect on our operations.
The actions, policies or regulations, or changes thereto, of any government body or regulatory agency or special interest group,
may also have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Uranium exploration and pre-extraction
programs and mining activities are subject to stringent environmental protection laws and regulations at the federal, state, and
local levels. These laws and regulations include permitting and reclamation requirements, regulate emissions, water storage and
discharges and disposal of hazardous wastes. Uranium mining activities are also subject to laws and regulations which seek to
maintain health and safety standards by regulating the design and use of mining methods. Various permits from governmental and
regulatory bodies are required for mining to commence or continue, and no assurance can be provided that required permits will
be received in a timely manner. 

Our compliance costs including the posting
of surety bonds associated with environmental protection laws and regulations and health and safety standards have been significant
to date, and are expected to increase in scale and scope as we expand our operations in the future. Furthermore, environmental
protection laws and regulations may become more stringent in the future, and compliance with such changes may require capital
outlays in excess of those anticipated or cause substantial delays, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

To the best of our knowledge, our operations
are in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable laws, regulations and standards. If we become subject to liability
for any violations, we may not be able or may elect not to insure against such risk due to high insurance premiums or other reasons.
Where coverage is available and not prohibitively expensive relative to the perceived risk, we will maintain insurance against
such risk, subject to exclusions and limitations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that such insurance will continue to
be available at reasonable premiums or that such insurance will be adequate to cover any resulting liability. 

We may not be able to obtain, maintain
or amend     rights, authorizations, licenses, permits or consents required for our operations.   

Our exploration and mining activities
are dependent upon the grant of appropriate rights, authorizations, licences, permits and consents, as well as continuation and
amendment of these rights, authorizations, licences, permits and consents already granted, which may be granted for a defined
period of time, or may not be granted or may be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. There can be no assurance that all necessary
rights, authorizations, licences, permits and consents will be granted to us, or that authorizations, licences, permits and consents
already granted will not be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. 

Major nuclear
incidents may have adverse effects on the nuclear and uranium industries.   

The nuclear incident
that occurred in Japan in March 2011 had  significant and  adverse
effects on both the nuclear and uranium industries. If another nuclear incident were to occur, it may have further adverse effects
for both industries. Public opinion of nuclear power as a source of electrical generation may be adversely affected, which may
cause governments of certain countries to further i ncrease regulation
for the nuclear industry, reduce or abandon current reliance on nuclear power or reduce or abandon existing plans for nuclear
power expansion. Any one of these occurrences has the potential to reduce current and/or future demand for nuclear power, resulting
in lower demand for uranium and lower market prices for uranium, adversely affecting the Company s operations and prospects.
Furthermore, the  growth of the nuclear and uranium industries is dependent on continuing and growing public support of
nuclear power as a viable source of electrical generation. 

The marketability of uranium concentrates
will be affected by numerous factors beyond our control which may result in our inability to receive an adequate return on our
invested capital.   

The marketability of uranium concentrates
extracted by us will be affected by numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include macroeconomic factors, fluctuations
in the market price of uranium, governmental regulations, land tenure and use, regulations concerning the importing and exporting
of uranium and environmental protection regulations. The future effects of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but any
one or a combination of these factors may result in our inability to receive an adequate return on our invested capital. 

The uranium industry is highly competitive
and we may not be successful in acquiring additional projects.   

The uranium industry is highly competitive,
and our competition includes larger, more established companies with longer operating histories that not only explore for and
produce uranium, but also market uranium and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. Due to their greater financial
and technical resources, we may not be able to acquire additional uranium projects in a competitive bidding process involving
such companies. Additionally, these larger companies have greater resources to continue with their operations during periods of
depressed market conditions. 

We hold
mineral rights in foreign jurisdictions which could be subject to additional risks due to political, taxation, economic and cultural
factors.   

We hold certain mineral rights located
in Paraguay through the acquisition of Piedra Rica Mining S.A. and Transandes Paraguay S.A., both companies incorporated in Paraguay.
Operations in foreign jurisdictions outside of the United States and Canada, especially in developing countries, may be subject
to additional risks as they may have different political, regulatory, taxation, economic and cultural environments that may adversely
affect the value or continued viability of our rights. These additional risks include, but are not limited to: (i) changes in
governments or senior government officials; (ii) changes to existing laws or policies on foreign investments, environmental protection,
mining and ownership of mineral interests; (iii) renegotiation, cancellation, expropriation and nationalization of existing permits
or contracts; (iv) foreign currency controls and fluctuations; and (v) civil disturbances, terrorism and war. 

In the event of a dispute arising at our
foreign operations in Paraguay, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful in
subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of the courts in the United States or Canada. We may also be hindered or prevented
from enforcing our rights with respect to a government entity or instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity.
Any adverse or arbitrary decision of a foreign court may have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The title to our mineral property
interests may be challenged.   

Although we have taken reasonable measures
to ensure proper title to our interests in mineral properties and other assets, there is no guarantee that the title to any of
such interests will not be challenged. No assurance can be given that we will be able to secure the grant or the renewal of existing
mineral rights and tenures on terms satisfactory to us, or that governments in the jurisdictions in which we operate will not
revoke or significantly alter such rights or tenures or that such rights or tenures will not be challenged or impugned by third
parties, including local governments, aboriginal peoples or other claimants. Our mineral properties may be subject to prior unregistered
agreements, transfers or claims, and title may be affected by, among other things, undetected defects. A successful challenge
to the precise area and location of our claims could result in us being unable to operate on our properties as permitted or being
unable to enforce our rights with respect to our properties. 

Due to the nature of our business,
we may be subject to legal proceedings which may divert management s time and attention from our business and result in
substantial damage awards.   

Due to the nature of our business, we
may be subject to numerous regulatory investigations, securities claims, civil claims, lawsuits and other proceedings in the ordinary
course of our business including those described under Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The outcome of these lawsuits is uncertain
and subject to inherent uncertainties, and the actual costs to be incurred will depend upon many unknown factors. We may be forced
to expend significant resources in the defense of these suits, and we may not prevail. Defending against these and other lawsuits
in the future may not only require us to incur significant legal fees and expenses, but may become time-consuming for us and detract
from our ability to fully focus our internal resources on our business activities. The results of any legal proceeding cannot
be predicted with certainty due to the uncertainty inherent in litigation, the difficulty of predicting decisions of regulators,
judges and juries and the possibility that decisions may be reversed on appeal. There can be no assurances that these matters
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or operating results. 

We depend on certain key personnel,
and our success will depend on our continued ability to retain and attract such qualified personnel.   

Our success is dependent on the efforts,
abilities and continued service of certain senior officers and key employees and consultants. A number of our key employees and
consultants have significant experience in the uranium industry. A loss of service from any one of these individuals may adversely
affect our operations, and we may have difficulty or may not be able to locate and hire a suitable replacement. 

Certain directors and officers may
be subject to conflicts of interest.   

The majority of our directors and officers
are involved in other business ventures including similar capacities with other private or publicly-traded companies. Such individuals
may have significant responsibilities to these other business ventures, including consulting relationships, which may require
significant amounts of their available time. Conflicts of interest may include decisions on how much time to devote to our business
affairs and what business opportunities should be presented to us. Our Code of Business Conduct for Directors, Officers and Employees
provides for guidance on conflicts of interest. 

The laws of the State of Nevada
and our Articles of Incorporation may protect our directors and officers from certain types of lawsuits.   

The laws of the State of Nevada provide
that our directors and officers will not be liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain
types of conduct as directors and officers of the Company. Our Bylaws provide for broad indemnification powers to all persons
against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. These indemnification
provisions may require us to use our limited assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, and may have the effect
of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our directors and officers caused by their negligence, poor judgment
or other circumstances. 

Several of our directors and officers
are residents outside of the United States., and it may be difficult for stockholders to enforce within the United States any
judgments obtained against such directors or officers.   

Several of our directors and officers
are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States, and all or a substantial portion of such persons 
assets are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on
such directors and officers, or enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against such directors and officers, including
judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Consequently,
stockholders may be effectively prevented from pursuing remedies against such directors and officers under United States federal
securities laws. In addition, stockholders may not be able to commence an action in a Canadian court predicated upon the civil
liability provisions under United States federal securities laws. The foregoing risks also apply to those experts identified in
this document that are not residents of the United States. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed and operated, are designed to obtain reasonable, and
not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness.   

Management s evaluation on the effectiveness
of disclosure controls and procedures is designed to ensure that information required for disclosure in our public filings is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis to our senior management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and transactions
are properly recorded and reported. However, any system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, is based in part
upon certain assumptions designed to obtain reasonable, and not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness. Any
failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures in the future may result in our inability to continue meeting
our reporting obligations in a timely manner, qualified audit opinions or restatements of our financial reports, any one of which
may affect the market price for our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock  

Historically, the market price of
our common stock has been and may continue to fluctuate significantly.   

On September 28, 2007, our common stock
commenced trading on the NYSE MKT (formerly known as the American Stock Exchange and the NYSE Amex Equities Exchange) and prior
to that, traded on the OTC Bulletin Board. 

The global markets have experienced significant
and increased volatility in the past, and have been impacted by the effects of mass sub-prime mortgage defaults and liquidity
problems of the asset-backed commercial paper market, resulting in a number of large financial institutions requiring government
bailouts or filing for bankruptcy. The effects of these past events and any similar events in the future may continue to or further
affect the global markets, which may directly affect the market price of our common stock and our accessibility for additional
financing. Although this volatility may be unrelated to specific company performance, it can have an adverse effect on the market
price of our shares which, historically, has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. 

In addition to the volatility associated
with general economic trends and market conditions, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly due to the
impact of any one or more events, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) volatility in the uranium market; (ii) occurrence
of a major nuclear incident such as the events in Fukushima in March 2011; (iii) changes in the outlook for the nuclear power
and uranium industries; (iv) failure to meet market expectations on our exploration, pre-extraction or extraction activities,
including abandonment of key uranium projects; (v) sales of a large number of our shares held by certain stockholders including
institutions and insiders; (vi) downward revisions to previous estimates on us by analysts; (vii) removal from market indices;
(viii) legal claims brought forth against us; and (ix) introduction of technological innovations by competitors or in competing
technologies. 

A prolonged decline in the market
price of our common stock could affect our ability to obtain additional financing which would adversely affect our operations.   

Historically, we have relied on equity
financing and more recently, on debt financing, as primary sources of financing. A prolonged decline in the market price of our
common stock or a reduction in our accessibility to the global markets may result in our inability to secure additional financing
which would have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Additional issuances of our common
stock may result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders and reduce the market value of their investment.   

We are authorized to issue 750,000,000
shares of common stock of which 116,670,457 shares were issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016. Future issuances for financings,
mergers and acquisitions, exercise of stock options and share purchase warrants and for other reasons may result in significant
dilution to and be issued at prices substantially below the price paid for our shares held by our existing stockholders. Significant
dilution would reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power held by our existing stockholders, and may result in a decrease
in the market price of our shares. 

We filed a Form S-3 shelf registration
statement, which was declared effective on January 10, 2014 (the  2014 Shelf ). This registration statement provides
for the public offer and sale of certain securities of the Company from time to time, at our discretion, up to an aggregate offering
amount of $100 million, of which a total of $35.1 million has been utilized through public offerings as of July 31, 2016. 

We are subject to the Continued Listing
Criteria of the NYSE MKT and our failure to satisfy these criteria may result in delisting of our common stock .  

Our common stock is currently listed on
the NYSE MKT.  In order to maintain this listing, we must maintain certain share prices, financial and share distribution
targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of shareholders  equity and a minimum number of public shareholders. 
In addition to these objective standards, the NYSE MKT may delist the securities of any issuer (i) if, in its opinion, the issuer s
financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; (ii) if it appears that the extent of public distribution
or the aggregate market value of the security has become so reduced as to make continued listing on the NYSE MKT inadvisable;
(iii) if the issuer sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating company; (iv) if an issuer fails
to comply with the NYSE MKT s listing requirements; (v) if an issuer s common stock sells at what the NYSE MKT considers
a  low selling price  and the issuer fails to correct this via a reverse split of shares after notification by the
NYSE MKT; or (vi) if any other event occurs or any condition exists which makes continued listing on the NYSE MKT, in its opinion,
inadvisable. 

If the NYSE MKT delists our common stock,
investors may face material adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our securities,
reduced liquidity, decreased analyst coverage of our securities, and an inability for us to obtain additional financing to fund
our operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

Not Applicable 

Item 2. Properties  

General  

At July 31, 2016, we held mineral rights
in uranium projects located in the U.S. States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming and in the Republic of Paraguay
by way of federal mining claims, state and private mineral leases and mineral concessions. We also held a wholly-owned uranium
processing facility located in the State of Texas, the Hobson Processing Facility, which processes material extracted from the
Palangana Mine. 

We have not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable 
feasibility study for any of our uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven
or probable reserves for any of our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Palangana Mine. 

Texas Processing Facility and Projects  

The following map shows the location of
our Hobson Processing Facility and main projects in Texas: 

Hobson Processing Facility  

Property Description and Location  

The Hobson Processing Facility is a fully-licensed
and permitted in-situ recovery or ISR uranium processing plant designed to process uranium-loaded resins from satellite ISR mining
facilities to the final product, U 3 O 8  or yellowcake. The Hobson Processing Facility was originally constructed
in 1978 and served as a central processing site for several satellite ISR mining projects until 1996. It was completely refurbished
in 2008 and on December 18, 2009, we acquired the Hobson Processing Facility through the acquisition of South Texas Mining Venture,
L.L.P. 

The Hobson Processing Facility is located
in Karnes County, Texas on a 7.286-acre leased tract of land, approximately one mile south of the community of Hobson and about
100 miles northwest of Corpus Christi, Texas. The surface lease of the Hobson Processing Facility is for an initial term of five
years commencing May 30, 2007, and thereafter so long as uranium, thorium and other fissionable or spatially associated substances
are being processed or refined without cessation of more than five consecutive years. 

The Hobson Processing Facility has a physical
capacity to process two million pounds of U 3 O 8  annually and is licensed to process up to one million pounds
of U 3 O 8  annually, which provides for the capacity to process uranium-loaded resins from a number of satellite
ISR mining facilities in South Texas. We utilize a  hub-and-spoke  strategy whereby the Hobson Processing Facility
acts as our central uranium processing site (the  hub ) for the Palangana Mine and for future satellite ISR mines,
including our Burke Hollow and Goliad Projects, (the  spokes ) located within the South Texas Uranium Belt. 

In January 2011, the Hobson Processing
Facility began processing uranium-loaded resins received from the Palangana Mine upon commencement of uranium extraction in November
2010. Since then, the Hobson Processing Facility has processed 578,000 pounds of uranium concentrates. During Fiscal 2016, the
Hobson Processing facility was in a status of operational readiness. 

Uranium Processing System  

Once the uranium-loaded resin from the
satellite ISR mining facility is delivered to the Hobson Processing Facility by semi-trailer, the material is transferred and
placed in a pressure vessel for elution which involves flushing with a brine solution. The uranium is stripped from the resin
in a three-stage elution process and concentrated into a rich eluate tank, at which point the solution is analyzed for total uranium
concentration. After the uranium is eluted from the resin, the resin is washed to remove excess brine solution, transferred back
to the trailer and returned to the satellite ISR mining facility to again begin the cycle of capturing uranium from the wellfield,
transport to the Hobson Processing Facility and subsequent elution. 

The uranium-rich solution remaining at
the Hobson Processing Facility after elution is agitated and chemicals are added to precipitate the uranium. In this precipitation
process, sulfuric acid is added to reduce the pH to between 2 and 3. Hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2  )
is then added at the rate of 0.2 to 0.5 pounds of H 2 O 2  per pound of uranium 
 while maintaining the pH of the solution between two and three using sodium hydroxide. Once the precipitation reaction is
complete, the solution is allowed to set in order for the uranium to precipitate and settle to the bottom of the tank. The excess
overflow is decanted to a storage tank or to the waste disposal system. All waste process solutions from the plant area report
to a chemical waste storage tank and waste solutions are pumped to a Class I, non-hazardous, waste disposal well system. 

The remaining material, at approximately
3 to 5% solids, is pumped to a filter press where the uranium is separated from the liquid. After the uranium, or yellowcake, has
been filtered, fresh water is pumped through to remove the entrained salts, with the resulting liquids pumped to the fresh eluate
makeup system or the waste disposal system. From the filter press, the thickened yellowcake, at 50 to 60 percent solids, is transferred
to the drying package for drying and drumming. A zero-emissions vacuum dryer removes moisture from the yellowcake and a scrubber
system removes these vapors from the dryer and discharges the gases to an exhaust stack. The dried yellowcake is packaged in 55
gallon drums. Each drum is weighed, cleaned, surveyed and analyzed, after which it is transferred to a temporary yellowcake storage
area at the Hobson Processing Facility. Once approximately one truckload is accumulated, the drums are then shipped to a third-party
storage and sales facility. 

Palangana Mine, Duval County, Texas  

Property Description and Location  

The Palangana Mine is located in Texas
near the center of the extensive South Texas Uranium Trend. The Palangana Mine consists of multiple leases that would allow the
mining of uranium by ISR methods while utilizing the land surface (with variable conditions) as needed, for mining wells and aboveground
facilities for fluid processing and ore capture during the mining and groundwater restoration phases of the project. The Palangana
Mine is situated in Duval County, Texas and is located approximately 25 miles west of the town of Alice, 6 miles north of the
town of Benavides, 15 miles southeast of the town of Freer and 12 miles southwest of the town of San Diego, as shown in the map
below: 

Mineral Titles  

At July 31, 2016, there were nine leases
covering 6,987 acres at the Palangana Mine. PAA-1 is on the de Hoyos leases while PAA-2, PAA-3 and the Dome trend are on the Palangana
Ranch Management, LLC lease. Bordering the east side of the Palangana Ranch Management, LLC lease is the White Bell Ranch lease,
comprised of 1,006 acres, which contains the Jemison Fence and Jemison East trends. The fourth major lease is the Garcia/Booth
property comprised of 1,278 acres which borders the east side of the De Hoyos property. It contains the NE Garcia and SW Garcia
trends. 

Lease ownership is held by STMV, which
is wholly-owned by the Company. 

Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources,
Infrastructure and Physiography   

Topography, Elevation and Vegetation  

Surface elevations at the Palangana Mine
range from about 410 feet to 500 feet above sea level. 

Climate and Length of Operating Season  

The region s subtropical climate
allows uninterrupted, year-round mining activities. Temperatures during the summer range from 75 F to 95 F, although highs
above 100 F are common while winter temperatures range from 45 F to 65 F. Humidity is generally over 85% year-round
and commonly exceeds 90% during the summer months. Average annual rainfall is 30 inches. 

Physiography  

The dome area to the west of the PAA-1
and PAA-2 deposits is a concentric collapsed area with the surrounding landscape being hilly and elevated. Surface water generally
drains away from the dome area although no prominent creeks or rivers are evident. 

Access to Property  

The Palangana Mine occurs in the South
Texas Uranium Belt between San Antonio and Corpus Christi in Duval County. Corpus Christi, the largest nearby metropolitan district,
is about 65 miles to the east of the Palangana Mine. Approximately halfway between San Diego and Freer on Texas Highway 44 is
a turn-off to the south referred to as Ranch Road 3196 that runs directly through the property about eight miles from the turn-off.
The road continues southward about six miles to the town of Benavides. Access is excellent, with major two lane roads connecting
the three surrounding towns and dirt secondary roads connecting to Palangana. 

Surface Rights  

The uranium leaseholders under most of
the current leases have conveyed the surface rights under certain conditions of remuneration. These conditions essentially require
payments for surface area taken out of usage. 

Local Resources and Infrastructure  

The entire infrastructure is in place
including office buildings, access roads, electrical power and maintenance faculties. Each property has sources of water for drilling
operations for both exploration and extraction drilling. 

Manpower  

A nearby workforce of field technicians,
welders, electricians, drillers and pipefitters exists in the local communities. The technical workforce for facility operations
has largely disappeared from the area although ample qualified resources can be found in the South Texas area from the petrochemical
industry. 

History Prior to Acquisition by
the Company   

Uranium mineralization was discovered
during potash exploration drilling of the Palangana Dome s gypsum-anhydrite cap rock in 1952 by Columbia Southern Inc. ( CSI ),
a subsidiary of Pittsburgh Plate Glass Corp. CSI conducted active uranium exploration drilling on the property starting in March
1956. Records of CSI s exploration work are unavailable. However, both CSI and the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission estimated
underground mineable uranium mineralization. The only known details of the estimation method include a 0.15% eU 3 O 8
 cut-off grade, a minimum mining thickness of three feet, and widely spaced drilling on a nominal 200 foot exploration grid.
Union Carbide acquired the Palangana property in 1958 and initiated underground mine development. Development work was quickly
abandoned due to heavy concentrations of H 2 S gas and Union Carbide dropped the property. Union Carbide reacquired Palangana
in 1967 after recognizing that it would be amenable to exploitation by the emerging ISR mining technologies. During the 1960s
and 1970s, Union Carbide drilled over 1,000 exploration and development holes and installed over 3,000 injection-extraction holes
in a 31-acre lease block. 

Union Carbide attempted an ISR operation
from 1977 through 1979 using a push/pull injection/recovery system. Ammonia was used as the lixiviate that later caused some environmental
issues with groundwater. About 340,000 pounds of U 3 O 8  were produced from portions of a 31 acre wellfield
area. The extraction pounds indicate a 32% to 34% recovery rate. The push/pull injection/recovery system was later proven to be
less productive than well configurations or patterns of injection wells around a recovery well. Further, the wellfield was developed
without any apparent regard to the geology of the deposit including disequilibrium. The Union Carbide ISR work was basically conducted
at a research level in contrast to the current level of knowledge. The historic extraction area lies on the western side of the
dome. 

Union Carbide placed the property leases
up for sale in 1980. In 1981, Chevron Corporation acquired the Union Carbide leases and conducted their own resource evaluation.
After the price of uranium dropped to under $10 per pound, General Atomics acquired the property and dismantled the processing
plant in a property-wide restoration effort. Upon formal approval of the clean up by the Texas Natural Resources Conservation Commission
and the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the property was returned to the landowners in the late 1990 s. In 2005,
Everest Exploration Inc. acquired the Palangana property and later joint ventured with Energy Metals Corp. ( Energy Metals )
through the formation of South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P. ( STMV ). An independent consultant, Blackstone (2005),
estimated inferred resources in an area now referred to as the Dome trend proximal to the dome on the west side north of the prior
Union Carbide leach field. In 2006 and 2007, Energy Metals drilled approximately 200 additional confirmation and delineation holes.
The PAA-1 and PAA-2 areas were found during this drilling program. In 2008 Energy Metals was acquired by Uranium One. During 2008
and 2009, the remaining holes on this project were drilled by Uranium One. During this time the five exploration trends to the
east of the dome were identified and partially delineated. In December 2009, the Company acquired 100% ownership of STMV. 

Geological Setting   

South Texas geology is characterized by
an arcuate belt of Tertiary fluvial clastic units deposited along the passive North American plate. These units strike parallel
to the Gulf Coast between the Mexican border and Louisiana within an area known as the Mississippi Embayment. The uranium-bearing
sedimentary units are primarily of fluvial origin and were deposited by southeasterly flowing streams and rivers. Uranium deposits
are contained within fault-controlled roll-fronts in the Pliocene-age Goliad Formation on the flank of the Palangana salt dome.
The uranium mineralization in the Goliad Formation at Palangana occurs at a depth of approximately 220 to 600 feet below the surface. 

Geological Model   

Uranium mineralization in the South Texas
Uranium Belt occurs as sandstone-hosted roll-front deposits. The deposits are strata-bound, elongate, and often, but not necessarily,
occur in the classic  C  or truncated  C  roll configuration. They can be associated with an oxidation
front or can be found in a re-reduced condition where an overprint of later reduction from hydrogen sulfide or other hydrocarbon
reductant has seeped along faults and fractures. The uranium bearing sandstone units can themselves be separated into several
horizons by discontinuous mudstone units, and separate roll-fronts and sub-rolls can occur in the stacked sandstone sequences. 

The generally accepted origin of uranium
mineralization in the Goliad Formation is from leaching of intraformational tuffaceous material or erosion of older uranium-bearing
strata. The leached uranium was carried by oxygenated ground water in a hexavalent state and deposited where a suitable reductant
was encountered. The oxidation/reduction (redox) fronts are often continuous for miles, although minable grade uranium mineralization
is not nearly as continuous. The discontinuous nature of uranium mineralization is often characterized as  beads on a string 
and is due to sinuous vertical and lateral fluvial facies changes in the permeable sandstone host horizons, coupled with ground
water movements and the presence or absence of reducing material. 

Figure 2: Schematic view of a typical
uranium roll-front configuration 

The red area is the uranium mineralization
deposited at the interface between the oxidized (up gradient) sand shown in yellow and the reduced (down gradient) sand shown
in gray. The up gradient sand has been altered by oxidizing groundwater that carried the uranium that was deposited in the roll-front
at the oxidation/reduction (redox) interface. The uranium mineralization is hydrologically confined by an upper and lower confining
layer of shale or mudstone. At wellfields, extraction (pumping) wells have been completed near the center of the roll-front and
are fed lixiviate (leach solutions) by injection wells on each side of the front. 

Mineralized Zones and Historical
Drilling Results   

As stated previously, mineralization does
not occur in all of the Goliad sands nor does it persist in the same sand intervals across the dome area. On the west half of the
dome near what is referred to as the Dome trend, Union Carbide developed the  C  sand zone. The NW Garcia and SE Garcia
trends to the east of the dome also reside in the  C  sand zone. Also to the east of the dome, the PAA-2 deposit, as
well as the PAA-3 deposit, Jemison Fence and Jemison East trends all occur in the  E  sand, while the PAA-1 deposit
occurs in the  G  sand. Within these mineralized horizons, smaller roll fronts are evident that can be mapped as discrete
bodies. Some of these bodies contain economic mineralization while others do not. The mineralized horizons occur as stacked intervals
often separated by claystones. Generally, they overlap one another but there are differences making a concurrent, multiple-horizon
recovery scenario not uniformly effective. 

The table below summarizes the historical
drilling results at the Palangana Mine prior to its acquisition by the Company effective December 18, 2009: 

Update to July 31, 2016   

Since commencing uranium extraction at
the Palangana Mine in November 2010 to July 31, 2016, the Hobson Processing Facility has processed 578,000 pounds of uranium concentrates
extracted directly from the Palangana Mine utilizing ISR methods. A summary by PAA is provided below: 

1)  PAA-1 commenced uranium extraction
                                         in November 2010 and remains fully-permitted. With 69 monitor wells already in place
                                         prior to our acquisition of the Palangana Mine, we drilled a total of 201 holes for well
                                         control facilities and wellfields including injection and extraction wells and infield
                                         drilling efforts. During Fiscal 2015 and 2016, no additional infield drilling took place;   

2)  PAA-2 commenced uranium extraction
                                         in March 2012 and remains fully-permitted. With 43 monitor wells already in place prior
                                         to our acquisition of the Palangana Mine, we drilled a total of 63 holes for well control
                                         facilities and wellfields including injection and extraction wells and infield drilling
                                         efforts. During Fiscal 2015 and 2016, no additional infield drilling took place;   

3)  PAA-3 commenced uranium extraction
                                         in December 2012 and remains fully-permitted. We drilled a total of 345 holes for mineral
                                         trend exploration and delineation, monitor wells, well control facilities and wellfields
                                         including injection and extraction wells and infield drilling efforts. During Fiscal
                                         2015 and 2016, no additional infield drilling took place;   

4)  PAA-4 permitting was completed
                                         and approved in November 2014, including the approval of the aquifer exemption in March
                                         2015. The Mine Area Permit boundary was expanded to 8,722 acres from 6,200 acres to include
                                         PAA-4. Wellfield design is being finalized in preparation for installment of the first
                                         module inside PAA-4. During Fiscal 2015, we drilled five holes for a total of 214 holes
                                         drilled to July 31, 2015 for mineral trend exploration, delineation and monitor wells.
                                         All monitor wells were sampled for baseline parameters and a pumping test has been completed;
                                         and   

5)  PAA-5 and PAA-6 mine area expansion
                                         application was approved in November 2014. We drilled a total of 46 holes at PAA-5 and
                                         PAA-6 for mineral trend exploration and delineation and a monitor well. During Fiscal
                                         2015 and 2016, no additional drilling took place.   

During Fiscal 2016, we reduced operations
at the Palangana Mine to capture residual uranium only.  As a result, no U 3 O 8  was processed at the
Hobson Processing Facility. 

During Fiscal 2015, uranium extraction
at PAA-1, 2 and 3 operated at a reduced pace since implementing our strategic plan in September 2013 to align our operations to
a weak uranium market in a challenging post-Fukushima environment. This strategy has included the deferral of major pre-extraction
expenditures and remaining in a state of operational readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium prices. As a consequence,
U 3 O 8  pounds extracted from the Palangana Mine and processed at the Hobson Processing Facility decreased
significantly during Fiscal 2015.  The Hobson Processing Facility processed finished goods representing 18,000 pounds of
U 3 O 8  during Fiscal 2015 (Fiscal 2014: 43,000 pounds; Fiscal 2013: 194,000 pounds; Fiscal 2012: 198,000 pounds)
extracted solely from the Palangana Mine.  Based on the Company s estimate of mineralized materials in PAA 1, 2 and
3 over which an average mining grade of 0.135% has been established, cumulative recovery since the commencement of uranium extraction
in November 2010 to July 31, 2016 was 44% (July 31, 2015: 44%; July 31, 2014: 43%; July 31, 2013: 40%; July 31, 2012: 31%). 

The following table summarizes the drill
holes completed by the Company from December 18, 2009, the date of the Company s acquisition of STMV, to July 31, 2016: 

We have not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable 
feasibility study for the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of our
uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Palangana Mine. Since we commenced extracting mineralized
materials at the Palangana Mine without having established proven and probable reserves, any mineralized materials established
or extracted from the Palangana Mine should not in any way be associated with having established or produced from proven or probable
reserves. 

Burke Hollow Project, Bee County, Texas  

Property Description and Location   

The Burke Hollow Project is comprised of
two leases covering 19,335 acres located in Texas near the northeast end of the extensive South Texas Uranium trend. These leases
allow for the mining of uranium by ISR methods while utilizing the land surface (with variable conditions) as needed, for mining
wells and aboveground facilities for fluid processing and uranium extraction during the mining and groundwater restoration phases
of the project. The Burke Hollow Project area is about 18 miles southeast of the town of Beeville, is located on the western side
of US 77, and is located northeasterly of US 181 which links with US 59 in Beeville. The nominal center of the Burke Hollow Project
lease is located at latitude 28.2638 and longitude -97.5176. Site drilling roads are entirely composed of caliche and gravel, allowing
for access for trucks and cars in most weather conditions. Four-wheel drive vehicles may be needed during high rainfall periods. 

Virtually all mining in Texas is on private
lands with leases negotiated between mining companies and each individual land/mineral owner. The Burke Hollow Project consists
of two leases, one lease dated February 21, 2012 comprised of 17,510 acres with Thomson-Barrow Corporation as mineral owner and
Burke Hollow Corporation as surface owner, and the other dated December 15, 2012 comprised of 1,825 acres with a separate owner.
The leases are paid-up leases for a primary term of five years and allow for an extension term of an additional five years and
so long thereafter as uranium or other leased substances are being produced. The leases have various stipulated fees for land
surface alterations, such as per well or exploration hole fees (damages). The primary lease stipulation is the royalty payments
as a percentage of production. Because the leases are negotiated with a private land and mineral owners and none of the property
is located on government land, some of the details of the lease information and terms are considered confidential. 

There are no known environmental liabilities
associated with the Burke Hollow property. The Company currently has an exploration permit for their work in Bee County from the
Texas Railroad Commission. 

Prior to any mining activity at the Burke
Hollow Project, the Company would be required to obtain a Radioactive Materials License, a large area Underground Injection Control
( UIC ) Mine permit, and a PAA permit for each wellfield developed for mining within the Mine Permit area. In addition,
a waste disposal well would, if needed, require a separate UIC Permit. These permits would be issued by Texas regulatory agencies. 

The Texas Railroad Commission requires
exploration companies to obtain exploration permits before conducting drilling in any area. The permits include standards for
the abandonment and remediation of test bore holes. The standards include that ASTM type 1 neat-cement be used in the plugging
of test bore holes, the filling and abandonment of mud pits, and the marking of bore holes at the surface. Remediation requirements
are sometimes specific to the area of exploration and may include segregation, storage, and re-covering with topsoil, re-grading,
and re-vegetation. Potential future environmental liability as a result of the mining must be addressed by the permit holder jointly
with the permit granting agency. Most permits now have bonding requirements for ensuring that the restoration of groundwater,
the land surface, and any ancillary facility structures or equipment is properly completed. If the Burke Hollow Project reaches
economic viability in the future, the Company would need to complete a number of required environmental baseline studies such
as cultural resources (including archaeology), socioeconomic impact, and soils mapping. Flora and fauna studies will need to be
conducted as will background radiation surveys. 

Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources,
Infrastructure and Physiography   

The Burke Hollow Project is situated
in the interior portion of the Gulf Coastal Plain physiographic province. The area is characterized by rolling topography with
parallel to sub-parallel ridges and valleys. There is about 47 feet of relief at the site with ground surface elevations ranging
from a low of 92 feet to a high of 139 feet above mean sea level. The leased property for the Burke Hollow Project is used mostly
for petroleum production, ranching, and game management. Access by vehicular traffic is provided from Hwy. 77 into the property
by private gravel roads. 

The property is in a rural setting in
southeastern Bee County. The nearest population centers are Skidmore, approximately 11 miles west, Refugio about 15 miles east,
and Beeville approximately 18 miles northwest. While Skidmore and Refugio are relatively small towns, they provide basic needs
for food and lodging and some supplies. Beeville is a much larger city and provides a well-developed infrastructure that has resulted
from being a regional center to support oil and gas exploration and production. The Burke Hollow Project site area has good accessibility
for light to heavy equipment. There is an excellent network of county, state and federal highways that serve the region and the
moderate topography with dominantly sandy, well-drained soils provide good construction conditions for building gravel site roads
necessary for site access. Water supply in the project area is from private water wells, mostly tapping sands of the upper Goliad
Formation. Water needs for potential future pre-extraction activities would be from the same sources. 

Bee County has a climate characterized
by long, hot summers and cool to warm winters. The moderate temperatures and precipitation result in excellent conditions for
developing an ISR mine. The average annual precipitation is about 32 inches with the months from November to March normally the
driest and May through October typically having more precipitation due partly to more intense tropical storms. From June through
September the normal high temperatures are routinely above 90 degrees Fahrenheit, while the months from December through February
are the coolest with average low temperatures below 50 degrees Fahrenheit. Periods of freezing temperatures are generally quite
brief and infrequent. Tropical weather from the Gulf of Mexico can occur during the hurricane season and may affect the site area
with large rain storms. The infrequent freezing weather and abnormally large rainfalls are the primary conditions that could cause
temporary shutdowns at an operating ISR mine. Otherwise there is not a regular non-operating season. 

The necessary rights for constructing
the needed surface processing facilities are in-place on selected lease agreements. Sufficient electric power is believed to be
available in the area, however new lines may be needed to bring additional service to a plant site and well fields. Within a 20
mile radius of the planned Burke Hollow facility there is sufficient population to supply the necessary number of suitable mining
personnel. 

History   

The earliest historic uranium exploration
at the Burke Hollow Project was the drilling of five exploration holes completed on the Welder lease by Nufuels (Mobil) in 1982.
Oxidation/reduction interfaces were intercepted in two of the holes and oxidized tails were logged in three of the holes. In 1993,
Total Minerals conducted a short reconnaissance exploration drilling program and completed a total of 12 exploration holes of
which 11 intersected anomalous gamma ray log signatures indicative of uranium mineralization. The resulting 12 log files include
good quality electric logs, with each log file containing a detailed lithological report based on drill hole cuttings prepared
by Total Mineral s field geologists who were supervising and monitoring the drilling activity contemporaneously. 

All of the boreholes were drilled using
contracted truck-mounted drilling rigs. The holes were drilled by conventional rotary drilling methods using drilling mud fluids.
All known uranium exploration at the Burke Hollow Project has been conducted with vertical drill holes. Drill cuttings were typically
collected from the drilling fluid returns circulating up the annulus of the borehole. These samples were generally taken at five
foot intervals and laid out on the ground in consecutive rows of twenty by the drill crew for review and description by a geologist.
Upon completion, the holes were logged for gamma ray, self-potential, and resistance by contract logging companies. Century Geophysical
was the logging company utilized by both Nufuels and Total Minerals, and Century Geophysical provided primarily digital data. A
tool recording down-hole deviation was also utilized for each of the holes drilled. 

This description of previous exploration
work undertaken at the Burke Hollow Project is based primarily on gamma ray and electric logs, several small maps and cross-sections
constructed by Total Minerals. 

The historic data package obtained by
the Company for a portion of the current Burke Hollow Project area provided the above described information. Based on the very
limited number of drill holes, no meaningful resource or reserve determination was made by either Nufuels or Total Minerals. The
actual drilling and geophysical logging results however, have been determined to be properly conducted to current industry standards
and usable by the Company s exploration staff in their geologic investigation. 

The only historic work relating to uranium
exploration or mining is the early exploration work done by Nufuels in 1982, and by Total Minerals in 1993 as described above.
There has been no known ownership of the Burke Hollow property by a mining company and prior ownership or changes in ownership
for the property are not known by the Company or relevant to the project. 

Geological Setting   

Regional Geology  

The Burke Hollow Project area is situated
within the Texas Gulf Coastal Plain physiographic province that is geologically characterized by sedimentary deposits that typically
dip and thicken toward the Gulf of Mexico from the northwest source areas. Additionally, the regional dip generally increases
with distance in the down dip direction as the overall thickness of sediments increase. The sedimentary units are dominantly continental
clastic deposits with some underlying near shore and shallow marine facies. The uranium-bearing units of South Texas are virtually
all sands and sandstones in Tertiary formations ranging in age from Eocene (oldest) to Pliocene (youngest). At Burke Hollow, deposits
are hosted by the Goliad Formation of Lower Pliocene to Miocene age. 

The project area, located about 18 miles
southeast of Beeville which is the county seat of Bee County, is situated in the major northeast-southwest trending Goliad Formation
of fluvial origin. The Geologic Atlas of Texas, Beeville-Bay City Sheet (Texas Bureau of Economic Geology, Revised 1987) indicates
that a thin layer of Pleistocene-aged Lissie Formation overlies the Miocene Goliad Formation. The Lissie Formation unconformably
overlies the Goliad Formation, and consists of unconsolidated deposits of sand, silt, and clay, with minor amounts of gravel.
The thickness of the Lissie Formation in the project area ranges from approximately 35 feet on the western project edge to a maximum
of 70 feet in thickness on the down-dip eastern edge of the project area. The map below shows the surface geology at the Burke
Hollow Project. 

The Goliad Formation was originally classified
as Pliocene in age, but the formation has been reclassified as early Pliocene to middle Miocene after research revealed the presence
of indigenous Miocene-aged mega-fossils occurring in upper Goliad sands. The lower Goliad fluvial sands are correlative with down-dip
strata containing benthic foraminifera, indicative of a Miocene age (Baskin and Hulbert, 2008, GCAGS Transactions, v. 58, p. 93-101).
The Geology of Texas map published by The Bureau of Economic Geology in 1992 classifies the Goliad as Miocene. 

Relevant earlier literature described
the Goliad Formation as Pliocene-aged, including the Geologic Atlas of Texas, Beeville-Bay City Sheet (Bureau of Econ. Geol, revised
1987), and The Geology of Texas, Volume I (No. 3232, 1932, Texas Bureau of Econ. Geology). 

Local and Property Geology  

The uranium-bearing sands of the Goliad
Formation at the project site occur beneath a thin layer of Lissie Formation sand, silt, clay, and gravel, which covers most of
the project area with a total thickness of approximately 35 feet on the western side to approximately 70 feet thickness on the
downdip eastern side of the project. The Goliad Formation underlies the Lissie, and is present at depths ranging from 35 feet
to approximately 1,050 feet in depth on the eastern side of the property. The Company has determined that uranium mineralization
discovered to date occurs within at least four individual sand units in the Upper Goliad at depths generally ranging from 160
feet to 500 feet, and within two deeper sand units in the Lower Goliad located between 900 feet to 950 feet in depth. 

The Goliad sand is one of the principal
water-bearing formations in Bee County capable of yielding moderate to large quantities of fresh to slightly saline water in the
south half of Bee County, which includes the project area. 

The hydrogeological characteristics of
the water-bearing Goliad sands at the Burke Hollow Project have not yet been determined, but required hydrogeological tests will
determine the hydraulic character of the sands and the confining beds separating the individual sand zones. Information regarding
the water-bearing characteristics of the Goliad sands from aquifer tests of a city of Beeville and a City of Refugio supply well
(O.C. Dale, et al., 1957) reported an average coefficient of permeability of about 100 gallons per day per square foot. This would
be the equivalent coefficient of transmissivity of approximately 2,500 gallons per day per foot for a 25-foot thick sand. It is
likely that the uranium bearing mineralized sand zones at the Burke Hollow Project will have similar hydraulic characteristics. 

There are at least two northeast-southwest
trending faults at the Burke Hollow property that are likely related to the formation of the uranium mineralization. These faults
are shown at a depth of approximately 3,500 feet below ground surface based on petroleum industry maps and extend upward into
the Goliad Formation. The northwesterly fault is a typical Gulf Coast normal fault, downthrown toward the coast, while the southeastern
fault is an antithetic fault downthrown to the northwest, forming a graben structure. The presence of these faults is likely related
to the increased mineralization at the site. The faulting has probably served as a conduit for reducing waters/gases migrating
from deeper horizons as well as altering the groundwater flow system in the uranium-bearing sands. 

Mineralization  

The Burke Hollow Project uranium-bearing
units occur as multiple roll-front type deposits in vertically stacked sands and sandstones. Groundwater flowing from northwest
to southeast in the Goliad sands likely contained low concentrations of dissolved uranium resulting from oxidizing conditions
and the relatively short distance from the recharge area. The geochemical conditions in the sands near the Company s property
changed from oxidizing to reducing due to an influx of reductants. Hydrogen sulfide and/or methane dissolved in groundwater are
likely sources for creating a reduction-oxidation boundary in the area with consequent precipitation and concentration of uranium
mineralization. 

Specific identification of the uranium
minerals has not yet been determined at the Burke Hollow Project. The very fine uranium minerals found coating quartz grains and
within the interstices in most south Texas sand and sandstone roll-front deposits has generally been found to be dominantly uraninite
and, to a lesser extent, coffinite. No uraninite has been identified on the Burke Hollow Project and the presence of uraninite
on other properties does not mean that such mineralization will be found at the Burke Hollow Project. Detailed petrographic examination
of disseminated uranium mineralization within sands/sandstones is generally not suitable for identification of the specific uranium
minerals. Laboratory equipment such as x-ray diffraction units may be used to identify the minerals, however the specific mineral
species typically found in reduced sands are generally similar in south Texas ISR projects and leaching characteristics are also
similar. Based on the experience of the ISR mines throughout south Texas, the use of gamma-ray logging with a calibrated logging
probe has become the standard method to determine the thickness and estimated grade of uranium bearing minerals. 

At the project site the Goliad Formation
is located near the surface underlying the Lissie Formation, and extends to depths exceeding 1,050 feet on the eastern side of
the property. Uranium mineralization discovered to date occurs in multiple sand/sandstone units that are all below the saturated
zone. These are the Goliad Lower A sand, the Goliad Upper B sand, the Goliad Lower B sand and the Goliad D sand. The sands are
fluvial-deltaic in origin, and thicken and thin across the project site. Each zone is hydrologically separated by clay or silty
clay beds. The uranium deposits discovered to date range from several feet to over 30 feet in thickness. The C-shaped configuration
is typically convex in a downdip direction with tails trailing on the updip side. 

Update to July 31, 2016   

During Fiscal 2016, 49 exploration holes
totaling 25,020 feet were drilled at the Burke Hollow Project to depths ranging from a minimum 420 feet to a maximum 640 feet,
with an average depth of 511 feet. As of July 31, 2016, a total of 575 exploration holes totaling 271,520 feet have been drilled
to depths ranging from a minimum 160 feet to a maximum of 1,100 feet, with an average depth of 472 feet. 

At July 31, 2016, a total of 30 regional
baseline monitor wells have been installed in order to establish baseline water quality in both the Goliad Lower A and Goliad
Lower B sands. With respect to permitting, a preoperational groundwater characterization sampling program from the drilling of
the regional baseline monitor wells was completed in February 2014.  A drainage study of the proposed license boundary was
completed in January 2013 and encompasses the first three production areas.  Archeology, socioeconomic and ecology studies
for the project were all completed by December 2013. Two Class I disposal well applications were submitted and final permits were
issued by the TCEQ in July 2015. The Mine Area, Radioactive Material License and Aquifer Exemption applications have been submitted
and are all under technical review by the TCEQ. 

An earlier Technical Report dated February
27, 2013 for Burke Hollow was prepared in accordance with the provisions of National Instrument 43-101, Standards of Disclosure
for Mineral Projects of the Canadian Securities Administrators ( NI 43-101 ) by Thomas A. Carothers, P.G., a consulting
geologist, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com .
An Updated Technical Report dated October 6, 2014 was prepared in accordance with the provisions of NI 43-101 by Andrew W. Kurrus
III, P. G., with Clyde L. Yancey, P.G. serving as the Qualified Person. As required by NI 43-101, the Technical Report contains
certain disclosure relating to inferred mineral resource estimates and an exploration target for the Company s Burke Hollow
Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian
Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Inferred mineral resources and exploration targets, while
recognized and required by Canadian regulations, are not defined terms under the SEC s Industry Guide 7, and are normally
not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in
this annual report or otherwise in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral
resources in these categories will ever be converted into mineral reserves. These terms have a great amount of uncertainty as
to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that mineral
resources, which are not mineral reserves, do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any part
of measured mineral resources, indicated mineral resources or inferred mineral resources discussed in the Technical Report will
ever be upgraded to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form
the basis of feasibility or other economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported inferred
mineral resources referred to in the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. Exploration targets have a greater
amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular,
it should be noted that exploration targets do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any
part of the exploration target discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded to a higher category, or if additional
exploration will result in discovery of an economic mineral resource on the property. 

We have not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable 
feasibility study for the Burke Hollow Project. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any
of our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining. 

Goliad Project, Goliad County, Texas  

Property Description and Location   

The Goliad Project is comprised of 11
leases covering 1,139 acres located in Texas near the northeast end of the extensive South Texas Uranium Trend. The Goliad Project
consists of multiple leases that would allow the mining of uranium by ISR methods while utilizing the land surface (with variable
conditions) as needed, for mining wells and aboveground facilities for fluid processing and ore capture during the mining and
groundwater restoration phases of the project. The Goliad Project area is about 14 miles north of the town of Goliad and is located
on the east side of US route 77A/183, a primary highway that intersects with US 59 in Goliad and IH-10 to the north. The approximate
center of the project area is 28  52  7  N latitude, 97  20  36  W longitude. Site drilling roads
are mostly gravel based and allow reasonable weather access for trucks and cars. Four-wheel drive vehicles may be needed during
high rainfall periods. A location map for the Goliad Project is shown below: 

Virtually all mining in Texas is on private
lands with leases negotiated with each individual landowner/mineral owner. Moore Energy Corporation ( Moore Energy )
obtained leases for exploration work in the project area in the early 1980s and completed an extensive drilling program resulting
in a historic uranium mineral estimate in 1985. We obtained mining leases from individuals and by assignment from a private entity
in 2006. 

At July 31, 2016, we held 11 leases ranging
in size from 14 acres to 253 acres, for a total of 1,139 acres. The majority of the leases have starting dates in 2005 or 2006
with an initial term of five years and a five-year renewal option. The various lease fees and royalty conditions are negotiated
with individual lessors and terms may vary from lease to lease. The Company has amended the majority of the leases to extend the
time period for an additional five years past the five-year renewal option period. 

No historic uranium mining is known to
have occurred on any of the Goliad Project lease properties and only state permitted uranium exploration drilling has taken place.
There are believed to be no existing environmental liabilities at the property leases. Prior to any mining activity at the Goliad
Project, we are required to obtain a Radioactive Materials License, a large area Underground Injection Control Mine Permit and
a PAA permit for each wellfield developed for mining within the Mine Permit area. In addition, a waste disposal well will, if needed,
require a separate UIC Permit. These permits will be issued by Texas regulatory agencies. The current drilling and abandonment
of uranium exploration holes on any of the leases is permitted by the Texas Railroad Commission. Potential future environmental
liability as a result of the mining must be addressed by the permit holder jointly with the permit granting agency. Most permits
now have bonding requirements for ensuring that the restoration of groundwater, the land surface and any ancillary facility structures
or equipment is properly completed. 

Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources,
Infrastructure and Physiography   

The Goliad Project area is situated in
the interior portion of the Gulf Coastal Plain physiographic province. The area is characterized by rolling topography with parallel
to sub-parallel ridges and valleys. There is about 130 feet of relief at the site with ground surface elevations ranging from
a low of 150 to a high of 280 feet above mean sea level. The leased property for the Goliad Project is used mostly for livestock
grazing pasture and woodland. The overall property area is shown as having a Post Oak Woods, Forest, and Grassland Mosaic vegetation/cover
type. 

The site property is accessed from combined
route US 77A/183 that trends north-south to the west of the property. Highway FM 1961 intersects with 77A-183 at the crossroad
town of Weser. Highway FM 1961 to the east of the intersection trends along the south side of the property. Access from either
of these roads into the property is via vehicular traffic on private gravel roads. 

The property is in a rural setting at
the north end of Goliad County. The nearest population centers are Goliad (14 miles south), Cuero (18 miles north) and Victoria
(about 30 miles east). While Goliad and Cuero are relatively small towns, they provide basic needs for food and lodging and some
supplies. Victoria is a much larger city and provides a well-developed infrastructure that has resulted from being a regional
center to support oil and gas exploration and production. The Goliad Project site area generally has very good accessibility for
light to heavy equipment. There is an excellent network of county, state and federal highways that serve the region and the moderate
topography, with dominantly sandy, well-drained soils, provides good construction conditions for building gravel site roads necessary
for site access. 

The climate in Goliad County is mild with
hot summers and cool to warm winters. The moderate temperatures and precipitation result in excellent conditions for developing
an ISR mine. Periods of freezing temperatures are generally very brief and infrequent. Tropical weather from the Gulf of Mexico
can occur during the hurricane season and may affect the site area with large rain storms. The periodic freezing weather and abnormally
large rainfalls are the primary conditions that can cause temporary shutdowns. Otherwise there is not a regular non-operating
season. 

The necessary rights for constructing
needed surface processing facilities are in-place on selected lease agreements. Sufficient electric power is believed to be available
in the area; however, new lines may be needed to bring additional service to the plant site and wellfields. We believe that within
a 30 mile radius of the planned Goliad Project facility there is located sufficient population to supply the necessary number
of suitable mining personnel. 

History   

Ownership History of the Property  

The Goliad Project site is located in
the north-central portion of Goliad County to the east and north of the intersection of U.S. Routes 77A/183 and Farm to Market
Route 1961. There has been a long history of oil and gas exploration and production in the area and oil and gas is still a primary
part of the economy for the relatively lightly populated county. In the period from October 1979 to June 1980, as a part of a
large oil, gas and other minerals lease holding (approximately 55,000 acres), Coastal Uranium utilized the opportunity to drill
several widely spaced exploration holes in the region. There were reported to be eight holes drilled at or near the Goliad Project
area. 

In the early 1980s Moore Energy obtained
access to review some of the Coastal States wide-spaced drilling exploration data. The review resulted in Moore Energy obtaining
several leases from Coastal Uranium, including several of the current Goliad Project leases. During the period from March 1983
through August 1984, Moore Energy conducted an exploration program in the Goliad Project area. No further drilling was done at
the Goliad Project area until we obtained the leases through assignment from a private entity and from individual mineral owners. 

Exploration and Pre-Extraction Work
Undertaken  

This description of previous exploration
and pre-extraction work undertaken at the Goliad Project is based primarily on electric logs and maps produced by Moore Energy
during the period 1983 to 1984. Moore Energy completed 479 borings on various leases. Eight widespread exploration borings were
completed by Coastal Uranium in 1980. We obtained leases through an assignment from a private entity in 2006 and from individual
mineral owners thereafter, and began confirmation drilling in May 2006. 

In December 2010, the TCEQ approved the
mine permit and the production area authorization for PAA-1 and granted the request for the designation of an Exempt Aquifer for
the Company. In December 2011, a Radioactive Material License was issued by the TCEQ. All other state-level permits and authorizations
have been received including a Class III Injection Well Permit (Mine Permit), two Class I Injection Well Permits (disposal well
permits), a PAA for its first production area, a Permit by Rule (air permit exemption) and an aquifer exemption for which the
Company received concurrence from the regional EPA. 

A Technical Report dated March 7, 2008
for Goliad, prepared in accordance with the provisions of NI 43-101, was completed by Thomas A. Carothers, P.G., a consulting
geologist, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com .
As required by NI 43-101, the Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to measured, indicated and inferred mineral
resource estimates for the Company s Goliad Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition
standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Measured
mineral resources, indicated mineral resources and inferred mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations,
are not defined terms under the SEC s Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration
statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States.
Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral resources in these categories will ever be converted
into mineral reserves. These terms have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their
economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that mineral resources, which are not mineral reserves, do not
have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of measured mineral resources, indicated mineral
resources or inferred mineral resources discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded to a higher category. In accordance
with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other economic studies. Investors
are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported measured mineral resources, indicated mineral resources or inferred
mineral resources referred to in the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. 

Geological Setting   

Regional Geology  

The Goliad Project area is situated in
the Texas Gulf Coastal Plain physiographic province that is geologically characterized by sedimentary deposits that typically
dip and thicken toward the Gulf of Mexico from the northwest source areas. Additionally, the regional dip generally increases
with distance in the down dip direction as the overall thickness of sediments increase. The sedimentary units are dominantly continental
clastic deposits with some near shore and shallow marine facies. The uranium-bearing units are virtually all sands and sandstones
in Tertiary formations ranging in age from Eocene (oldest) to Upper Miocene (youngest). 

Local and Property Geology  

The surface of the property is all within
the outcrop area of the Goliad Formation (Figure 4-3). The mineralized units are sands and sandstone within the Goliad Formation
and are designated by us as the A through D sands from younger (upper) to older (lower), respectively. The sand units are generally
fine to medium grained sands with silt and varying amounts of secondary calcite. The sand units vary in color depending upon the
degree of oxidation-reduction and could be from light brown-tan to grays. The sands units are generally separated from each other
by silty clay or clayey silts that serve as confining units between the sand units. 

The Goliad Formation at the project site
occurs from the surface to a depth of about 500 feet. Depending upon the land surface elevation, groundwater occurs in the sands
of the formation below depths of about 30 to 60 feet. The four sand/sandstone zones (A-D) designated as containing uranium mineralization
at the site are all considered to be a part of the Gulf Coast Aquifer on a regional basis. At the project area, however, each
zone is a hydrogeologic unit with similar but variable characteristics. The A Zone is the uppermost unit and based on resistance
logs, groundwater in this unit may be unconfined over portions of the site. The three deeper zones are confined units with confining
clays and silts above and below the water-bearing unit. 

Groundwater from sands of the Goliad Formation
is used for water supplies over much of the northern portion of Goliad County. Water quality in the Goliad Formation is variable
and wells typically can yield small to moderate amounts of water. Data indicates an approximate average hydraulic conductivity
of the water-bearing zones of the Goliad Formation in Goliad County is 100 gallons per day per square foot. Based on this value,
a 20 foot sand unit would have an approximate transmissivity of 2,000 gallons per day. With sufficient available drawdown properly
completed ISR wells could have average yields in the range of 25 to 50 gallons per minute. 

The site area structures include two faults
that intersect and offset the mineralized units. These faults are normal, with one downthrown toward the coast and one downthrown
toward the northwest. The fault throws range from about 40 to 80 feet. 

Project Type   

The Goliad uranium project is characteristic
of other known Goliad sand / sandstone deposits in south Texas. The mineralization occurs within fluvial sands and silts as roll
front deposits that are typically a  C  or cutoff  C  shape. The roll fronts are generally associated
with an extended oxidation-reduction boundary or front. 

The other Goliad projects in the region
include the Palangana Mine, the Kingsville Dome mine southeast of Kingsville, the Rosita mine west of Alice, the Mestena mine
in Brooks County and the former Mt. Lucas mine at Lake Corpus Christi. These mines are all located south of the Goliad Project
from about 60 to 160 miles. The average tons and uranium grade information for these mines is not known, but all these ISR projects
mining Goliad Formation sand units have been very successful with the following characteristics in common: excellent leaching
characteristics rate and favorable hydraulic conductivity of host sands. 

At the Goliad Project there are four stacked
mineralized sand horizons (A-D) that are separated vertically by zones of finer sand, silt and clay. Deposition and concentration
of uranium in the Goliad Formation likely resulted due to a combination of leaching of uranium from volcanic tuff or ash deposits
within the Goliad Formation or erosion of uranium-bearing materials from older Oakville deposits. The leaching process occurred
near the outcrop area where recharge of oxidizing groundwater increased the solubility of uranium minerals in the interstices
and coating sand grains in the sediments. Subsequent downgradient migration of the soluble uranium within the oxygenated groundwater
continued until the geochemical conditions became reducing and uranium minerals were deposited in roll front or tabular bodies
due to varying stratigraphic or structural conditions. 

There are at least two northeast-southwest
trending faults at the Goliad property that are likely related to the formation of the Goliad Project mineralization. The northwesterly
fault is a typical Gulf Coast normal fault, downthrown toward the coast, while the southeastern fault is downthrown to the northwest,
forming a graben structure. Both faults are normal faults. Throw on the northwest fault is about 75 feet and the southeast fault
has about 50 feet of throw. The presence of these faults is likely related to the increased mineralization at the site. The faulting
has probably served as a conduit for reducing waters/gases to migrate from deeper horizons as well as altering the groundwater
flow system in the uranium-bearing sands. 

Mineralization   

The Goliad Project uranium-bearing units
occur as multiple roll front type structures in vertically stacked sands and sandstones. Groundwater flowing from northwest to
southeast in the Goliad sands likely contained low concentrations of dissolved uranium resulting from oxidizing conditions and
the relatively short distance from the recharge area. The geochemical conditions in the sands near our property changed from oxidizing
to reducing due to an influx of reductants. Hydrogen sulfide and/or methane dissolved in groundwater are likely sources of creating
a reduction-oxidation boundary in the area with consequent precipitation and concentration of uranium mineralization. 

Specific identification of the uranium
minerals has not been done at the Goliad Project. The very fine uranium minerals found coating quartz grains and within the interstices
in most south Texas sand and sandstone roll-front deposits has generally been found to be dominantly uraninite. No uraninite has
been identified on the Goliad Project and the presence of uraninite on other properties does not mean that such mineralization
will be found on the Goliad Project. Detailed petrographic examination of disseminated uranium mineralization within sands/sandstones
is generally not suitable for identification of the specific uranium minerals. Laboratory equipment such as x-ray diffraction
units may be used to identify the minerals, however the specific mineral species typically found in reduced sands are generally
similar in south Texas ISR projects and leaching characteristics are also similar. Based on the experience of the ISR mines throughout
south Texas, the use of gamma-ray logging with a calibrated logging probe has become the standard method to determine the thickness
and estimated grade of uranium bearing minerals. 

At the project site, the Goliad Formation
is exposed at the surface and extends to depths exceeding 500 feet. Uranium mineralization occurs in four sand/sandstone units
that are all below the saturated zone. The zones are designated A to D from the top to the bottom of the sequence. The sands are
fluvial-deltaic in origin, and thicken and thin across the project site. Each zone is hydrologically separated by 10 to 50 feet
or more of clay or silty clay. The uranium deposits are tabular in nature and can range from about one foot to over 45 feet in
thickness. The  C -shaped configuration is typically convex in a downdip direction with leading edge tails on the
upper end. Most of the exploration and delineation holes with elevated gamma ray log anomalies are situated within a southwest-northeast
trending graben and most of the gamma ray anomaly holes are situated along the northernmost of the two faults comprising the graben.
This northernmost fault is downthrown to the southeast, which is typical for the majority of faults along the Texas coastal area. 

Leach Amenability   

Mineral processing or metallurgical testing
was not reported as being conducted on any of the samples drilled or recovered during the Moore Energy exploration in the mid-1980s.
We submitted selected core samples from our core hole # 30892-111C to Energy Laboratories, Inc. in Casper, Wyoming, in January
2007. These samples from the Goliad Project were sent to the laboratory for leach amenability studies intended to demonstrate
that uranium mineralization at the property was capable of being leached using conventional in situ leach chemistry. The tests
do not approximate other in-situ variables (permeability, porosity, and pressure) but provide an indication of a sample s
reaction rate and the potential chemical recovery. 

Split sections of core were placed in
laboratory containers and a lixiviate solution with 2.0 grams per liter HCO 3  (NaHCO 3 ) and either 0.50 or
0.25 g/L of H 2 O 2  (hydrogen peroxide) was added to each test container. The containers were then rotated
at 30 rpm for 16 hours. The lixiviate was then extracted from each test container and analyzed for uranium, molybdenum, sodium,
sulfate, alkalinity (bicarbonate, carbonate), pH and conductance. A clean charge of lixiviate was added and the container rotated
another 16 hours. Each sample rotation and lixiviate charge cycle was representative of five pore volumes with chemical analyses
after each cycle. The cycle was repeated for a total of six cycles or the equivalent of 30 pore volumes. 

The four core samples subjected to the
leach amenability tests were determined to contain from 0.04% to 0.08% cU 3 O 8  before testing .  Leach
tests conducted on the core samples from the A Zone indicate leach efficiencies of 60 to 80% U 3 O 8  extraction,
while the tails analyses indicate efficiencies of 87 to 89%. The differences between the two calculations involve the loss of solid
clay based materials during multiple filtrations. Based on post leach solids analysis, the core intervals were leachable to a very
favorable 86 to 89%. After tests the tails were reanalyzed for uranium concentration to determine the recovery, which ranged on
the four samples using two methods from 60% to 89%. 

Laboratory amenability testing of the
cores samples indicated the uranium (dissolved elemental U) recoveries ranged from 86.4% to 88.9% in the four tests. These results
show that the mineralized intervals at the Goliad Project are very amenable to ISR mining even when exposed to only one-half of
the oxidant concentration normally used in the Leach Amenability test. Based on the Company s experience with ISR mining
of Catahoula and Oakville uranium deposits, as well as discussions with other Goliad deposit mining personnel, the geologically
younger deposits in Texas (Goliad formation) have been the most amenable to in situ leaching. The uranium recovery is generally
more complete (% recovery) and occurs in a shorter time period. Both of these factors are important for ISR pre-extraction economics. 

Based on the amenability test results,
the size of the mineralization at the Goliad Project, the geologic setting and the current and projected future demand and price
of uranium, the most feasible and cost effective mining method for the Goliad property uranium is by ISR. This method is most
suitable for the size and grade of the deposits in sands that are below the water table and situated at depths that would be prohibitive
for open pit or underground mining. 

The amenability testing described above
was conducted on core recovered from four depth intervals from one boring. While this was a limited sampling for this property,
the samples are believed to be generally representative of the characteristics of the mineralized intervals and the determined
recovery ranges for these intervals is considered to be reliable. Two of the four samples tested contained approximately 0.08%
cU 3 O 8  and two contained lower grades of uranium (~0.04% cU 3 O 8 ). Energy Laboratories,
Inc. in Casper, Wyoming, conducted the laboratory testing for this project. The laboratory has been in business since 1952, is
fully certified, but not ISO certified. Certifications include the US Environmental Protection Agency, US Nuclear Regulatory Commission
and the following US states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Indiana, Nevada, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah and Washington. 

Update to July 31, 2016   

In
                                         May 2010, the Waste Disposal Well Permit was issued by the TCEQ;   

In
                                         April 2011, the Mine Area Permit was issued by the TCEQ;   

In
                                         December 2011, the Radioactive Materials License was issued by the TCEQ;   

In
                                         December 2012, EPA concurrence was received for an Aquifer Exemption which was the last
                                         and final permit needed to begin uranium extraction;   

In
                                         June 2014, the EPA reaffirmed its earlier decision to uphold the granting of the Company s
                                         existing Aquifer Exemption permit (the  AE ), with the exception of a northwestern
                                         portion containing less than 10% of the uranium resource which was withdrawn, but not
                                         denied, from the AE area until additional information is provided in the normal course
                                         of mine development;   

Construction
                                         of a three-phase electrical power system for the entire project and a large caliche site pad
                                         for the main plant complex and disposal well have been completed; and   

Processing
                                         equipment for the construction of the satellite facility and wellfield including long-lead
                                         items such as ion exchange vessels have been received.   

On or about March 9, 2011, the TCEQ granted
the Company s applications for a Class III Injection Well Permit, Production Area Authorization and Aquifer Exemption for
our Goliad Project.  On or about December 4, 2012, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency concurred with the TCEQ issuance
of the Aquifer Exemption permit.  With the receipt of this concurrence, the final authorization required for uranium extraction,
the Goliad Project achieved fully-permitted status.  On or about May 24, 2011, a group of petitioners, inclusive of Goliad
County, appealed the TCEQ action to the 250 th  District Court in Travis County, Texas.  A motion filed by the
Company to intervene in this matter was granted. The petitioners  appeal lay dormant until on or about June 14, 2013, when
the petitioners filed their initial brief in support of their position.  On or about January 18, 2013, a different group
of petitioners, exclusive of Goliad County, filed a petition for review with the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
in the United States (the  Fifth Circuit ) to appeal the EPA s decision.  On or about March 5, 2013, a motion
filed by the Company to intervene in this matter was granted.  The parties attempted to resolve both appeals and, to
facilitate discussions and to avoid further legal costs, the parties jointly agreed, through mediation which was initially conducted
through the Fifth Circuit on or about August 8, 2013, to abate the proceedings in the State District Court. On or about August
21, 2013, the State District Court agreed to abate the proceedings.  The EPA subsequently filed a motion to remand without
vacatur with the Fifth Circuit wherein the EPA s stated purpose was to elicit additional public input and further explain
its rationale for the approval.  In requesting the remand without vacatur, which would allow the AE to remain in place during
the review period, the EPA denied the existence of legal error and stated that it was unaware of any additional information that
would merit reversal of the AE.  The Company and the TCEQ filed a request to the Fifth Circuit for the motion to remand without
vacatur, if granted, to be limited to a 60-day review period.  On December 9, 2013, by way of a procedural order from a three-judge
panel of the Fifth Circuit, the Court granted the remand without vacatur and initially limited the review period to 60 days. In
March of 2014, at the EPA s request, the Fifth Circuit extended the EPA s time period for review and additionally,
during that same period, the Company conducted a joint groundwater survey of the site, the result of which reaffirmed the Company s
previously filed groundwater direction studies. On or about June 17, 2014, the EPA reaffirmed its earlier decision to uphold the
granting of the Company s existing AE, with the exception of a northwestern portion containing less than 10% of the uranium
resource which was withdrawn, but not denied, from the AE area until additional information is provided in the normal course of
mine development. On or about September 9, 2014, the petitioners filed a status report with the State District Court which included
a request to remove the stay agreed to in August 2013 and to set a briefing schedule (the  Status Report ). In that
Status Report, the petitioners also stated that they had decided not to pursue their appeal at the Fifth Circuit. The Company continues
to believe that the pending appeal is without merit and is continuing forward as planned towards uranium extraction at its fully-permitted
Goliad Project. 

We have not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable 
feasibility study for the Goliad Project. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of our
uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Goliad Project. 

Mineral Exploration Projects  

We hold mineral rights in the U.S. States
of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming and in the Republic of Paraguay by way of federal mining claims, state and
private mineral leases and mineral concessions. 

We plan to conduct exploration programs
on these mineral exploration properties with the objective of determining the existence of economic concentrations of uranium.
We have not established proven or probable reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a
 final  or  bankable  feasibility study for any of the uranium projects discussed below. Furthermore,
we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining. 

Arizona   

All of our Arizona claims and state leases
were previously the subject of exploration drilling for the search of uranium by companies such as Union 76 Oil, Urangesellschaft,
Wyoming Minerals, Noranda, Inc., Uranerz Energy Corp., Homestake Mining Co., Occidental Minerals and Oklahoma Public Services.
Claims staked directly by us have been in areas known for uranium occurrences as shown in the Arizona State publication,  Occurrences
of Uranium in Miscellaneous Sedimentary Formations, Diatremes and Pipes and Veins . 

Arizona: Anderson Project   

Property Location and Description  

The Anderson Project is a 8,268-acre property
located in Yavapai County, west-central Arizona, approximately 75 miles northwest of Phoenix and 43 miles northwest of Wickenburg
(latitude 34 18 29  N and longitude 113 16 32  W, datum WGS84). The general area is situated along
the northeast margin of the Date Creek Basin. The Anderson Project is located on the south side of the Santa Maria River approximately
13 miles west of State Highway 93. The Anderson Project occupies part or all of Sections 1 and 3, 9 through 16, 21 through 27,
and 34 through 36 of Township 11 North, Range 10 West and portions of Sections 18, 19, and 30 of Township 11 North Range 9 West
of the Gila and Salt River Base Meridian. 

Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources,
Infrastructure and Physiography  

The Anderson Project is accessed by paved,
all-weather gravel and dirt roads. The property is reached by taking the Alamo Lake turnoff, located approximately 21 miles northwest
of Wickenburg on Arizona State Highway 93 (Joshua Tree Parkway), then driving 0.25 miles north of mile marker 179, and then following
the Alamo Road for 5.8 miles to the Pipeline Ranch Road turnoff. The road passes through the Pipeline Ranch, located in the bottom
of Date Creek Wash and continues for approximately 6.3 miles to FR 7581. The Anderson Project property boundary is located 1.4
miles north on FR 7581. There are alternate dirt roads, including a 15 mile primitive road from Highway 93 over Aso Pass (2,900
ft elevation). 

The Anderson Project is located in the
northeast portion of the Date Creek Basin. The basin consists of low undulating terrain, centrally dissected by Date Creek Wash.
The site lies along the south bank of the Santa Maria River which runs along the northern edge of the basin. Elevations above sea
level are between 1,700 ft and 2,400 ft. Maximum local topographic relief at the site is approximately 700 ft. 

Vegetation on the property is typical of
the Sonoran Desert of central Arizona and consists predominately of Joshua trees, palo verde bushes, saguaro, cholla, ocotillo,
creosote bushes and desert grasses. Fauna includes: jackrabbits, rattlesnakes, roadrunners, desert tortoise, various lizards, and
less common mule deer, wild burros and mules. 

The alluvial valley of the Santa Maria
River varies substantially in width and depth to bedrock. The volume of alluvium, and particularly the depth of the material, influences
the proportion of surface flow to underflow in the river valley. The groundwater in the alluvium consists of underflow that is
forced toward the surface as the depth of the alluvium decreases. 

The climate is arid, with hot summers and
mild winters. Annual rainfall averages 10 to 12 inches with rain showers from January through March and during summer thunderstorms.
Snowfall is rare. On average, temperatures range between a low of 31 F during winter months and a high of 104 F during
summer months. Temperature extremes of 10 F in winter and 120 F in summer have been recorded. The climate is favorable
for year-round mining operations and requires no special operational or infrastructure provisions that relate to weather. 

Various water wells exist on and near the
Anderson Project that can support large-scale mining operations. There is plenty of usable land space to locate processing plants,
heap leach pads, tailings storage areas, waste disposal areas and other infrastructure development associated with large-scale
mining. The Anderson Project includes most of a 195 acre area designated by the BLM as  disturbed  resulting from surface
mining in the 1950s. It may be possible to expedite the permitting process for future metallurgical exploration and mining activities,
including waste disposal within the disturbed area. 

The Anderson Project area is undeveloped
with the exception of various access and drill roads and various water wells previously constructed. No utilities exist on or adjacent
to the area. A transmission power line runs northwest-southeast along Highway 93, approximately 8 miles to the east; however, direct
access to the power line may be obstructed by the Arrastra Mountain Wilderness and Tres Alamos Wilderness located between the power
line and the Anderson Project. The construction of a power line would require routing along one of the existing road corridors,
a distance of 16.2 miles to the project boundary. 

The nearest town is Congress (population
1,700) located 32 road miles to the east. The nearest major housing, supply center and rail terminal is in Wickenburg (population
6,363) located approximately 43 miles from the Anderson Project by road. Phoenix (population 1.45 million), approximately 100 miles
to the southeast by road, is the nearest major industrial and commercial airline terminal. Kingman (population 24,000) is located
approximately 110 miles to the northwest by road. The Company s surface rights encompass 15.4 square miles; this is sufficient
for the surface structures associated with any proposed mining operation. 

History  

In January 1955, T.R. Anderson of Sacramento,
California, detected anomalous radioactivity in the vicinity of the Anderson Project using an airborne scintillometer. After a
ground check revealed uranium oxide in outcrop, numerous claims were staked. The  Anderson Mine,  as the operation
was known at the time, was drilled and mined by Mr. Anderson. Work between 1955 and 1959 resulted in 10,758 tons that averaged
0.15% U 3 O 8  and 33,230 pounds U 3 O 8  were shipped to Tuba City, Arizona, for custom milling.
In 1959, production stopped when the Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) ended the purchasing program. 

During 1967 and 1968, Getty Oil Company
( Getty ) secured an option on claims in the northern portion of the Anderson Project. Some drilling and downhole gamma
logging was conducted during the option period, but this failed to locate a sizeable uranium deposit. In 1968, Getty dropped their
option. 

In 1974 the increasing price of uranium
created a renewed interest in the vicinity of the Anderson Project. Following a field check and an evaluation of the 1968 Getty
drill data, MinEx optioned the northern portion of the current Anderson Project. 

In 1975 MinEx purchased the northern portion
of the current Anderson Project after a 53-hole, 5,800 m (19,000 ft) drilling program on 250 m centers confirmed a much greater
uranium resource potential than had been interpreted from the 1968 Getty gamma log data. Further exploration work, consisting of
a 180-hole, 22,555 m (74,000 ft) drill and core program on 120 m centers was conducted from November 1975 
 through February 1976 to further delineate the uranium resources. By 1980, MinEx had completed a total of 1,054 holes by
rotary and core drilling. 

In 1977 the Palmerita Ranch, located 11
km west of the deposit along the Santa Maria River, was acquired by MinEx to provide a water source for the operations in the event
that closer sources proved inadequate. Based on favorable economics, indicated in a Preliminary Feasibility Study completed by
Morrison-Knudsen Company, Inc. in December 1977, a detailed Final Feasibility Study was undertaken early in 1978 to evaluate the
MinEx holdings on the northern portion of the current Anderson Project. 

In 1973 Urangesellschaft expressed an interest
in the former Anderson Property. Urangesellschaft located a claim block, the  Date Creek Project,  on the down-dip
extension of the mineralization immediately to the south of MinEx s claims. In 1973 to 1982, subsequent drilling programs
delineated mineralization from a total of 352 drill holes with 122,744 m (402,773 ft) of rotary and core drilling. The following
table summarizes the phases of the historical exploration. 

Exploration
History at the Anderson Property (Arseneau, 2011)   

Geologic Setting  

Regional Geology  

The Anderson Project is located along
the northeast margin of the Date Creek Basin of the Basin and Range Province of the western United States. The Date Creek Basin
is one of hundreds of Paleogene basins throughout western Arizona, southeastern California, Nevada and western Utah. Paleogene
lacustrine and fluvial sediments, and Quaternary gravels have filled these basins to depths of several thousand meters. The approximate
location of the Basin boundaries is shown in the figure below. 

The Basin is surrounded by dissected mountain
ranges containing Precambrian metamorphic rocks and granites. Surrounding mountain ranges include the Black Mountains to the north
and northeast, and the Rawhide, Buckskin and McCracken Mountains to the west.  To the south and southeast, the Basin is bordered
by a low drainage divide imposed by the Harcuvar and the Black Mountains.  Margins of the basin are filled with early Paleogene
volcanic flows and volcaniclastic sediments. The Basin itself is filled with Oligocene to Miocene lacustrine and deltaic sediments
covered by a thick mantle of Quaternary valley fill. 

Local and Property Geology  

Three major faults cross the Anderson Project:
the East Boundary Fault System; Fault 1878; and the West Boundary Fault System. Faults trend predominantly N30 W to N55 W
and dip steeply (approximately 80 ) to the southwest. Another set of faults trending more westerly (N65 W) are present
in the south-central portion of the Anderson Project. A fault set trending northeast-southwest has been speculated by Urangesellschaft
and others, but has not been observed in the field. Many of the north-westerly surface water drainage tributaries are developed
partially along fault traces. 

Minor faults and shear zones occur throughout
the Anderson Project. These probably represent fractures with slight offset of strata during differential compaction of the underlying
sediments or local adjustment to major faulting. 

The largest fold in the area is a broad,
gentle, northwest-trending syncline in the south-eastern quarter of Section 9, T11N, R10W. Dips reach a maximum of 13  except
where modified by shearing. Many smaller folds with amplitudes of several feet are present in the lacustrine strata. 

Fault displacements range from a few centimetres
to more than 100 m. Fault movement is generally of normal displacement resulting in stair-stepped fault blocks. Local faults also
have a tendency to hinge. Minor faulting across the mineralized area is often difficult to discern from variations in sedimentary
dips.   The lacustrine sediments dip south to south-westerly from 2  to 5 , to a maximum
of 15 . Much of this dip is attributed to recurrent faulting during deposition. 

Nine stratigraphic units were identified
on the Anderson Project, listed from oldest to youngest as follows: 

Crystalline
                                         Intrusive Rocks: coarse-grained to pegmatitic Precambrian granite;   

Felsic
                                         to Intermediate Volcanic: flows, breccias, tuffs and minor intrusive;   

Felsic
                                         to Intermediate Volcaniclastic: ash flows, tuffaceous beds and arkosic sandstone;   

Andesitic
                                         Volcanic: porphyritic andesitic flows with a paleosurface and locally reddish-brown paleosols;   

Lacustrine
                                         Sedimentary rocks: micaceous siltstones and mudstone, calcareous siltstones and silty
                                         limestone, thin beds of carbonaceous siltstone and lignitic material and host of uranium
                                         mineralization, averaging about 60 to 100 m thick;   

Lower
                                         Sandstone Conglomerate: arkosic sandstones and conglomerate, averaging about 60 to 100
                                         m thick   

Basaltic
                                         Flows and Dikes: amygdular basalt, averaging about 20 m thick;   

Upper
                                         Conglomerate: cobble and boulder conglomerate, partly indurate and locally calcite cemented,
                                         averaging about zero to 60 m thick; and   

Quaternary
                                         Alluvium: unconsolidated sand and gravel, caliche formed where calcite-cemented.   

Uranium mineralization at the Anderson
Project occurs exclusively in the sequence of Miocene-age lacustrine lakebed sediments. The lacustrine sediments unconformably
overlie the andesitic volcanic unit over most of the Anderson Project. However, to the east of the Anderson Project, they overlie
the felsic to intermediate volcanic unit. 

Evidence suggests that deposition of the
lacustrine sediments occurred in a restricted basin less than 5 km wide by 10 to 12 km long on the northern edge of an old Paleogene
lake. Moving southward, these sediments inter-tongue with siltstones and sandstones.  The lakebed sediments represent time-transgressive
facies deposited within a narrow, probably shallow, basinal feature. This type of depositional environment exhibits complex relationships
between individual facies, lensing out, vertical and horizontal gradation, and interfingering. 

The lake sediments include green siltstones
and mudstones, white calcareous siltstones, and silty limestone or calcareous tuffaceous material. Much of this material is silicified
to varying extents and was derived in part from volcanic ashes and tuffs common throughout the lakebeds. Also present in the lacustrine
sequence are zones of carbonaceous siltstone and lignitic material. Along the boundary between the former MinEx and Urangesellschaft
properties, drill holes encounter the basal arkosic sandstone. To the south and southwest, lakebeds interfinger with and eventually
are replaced by a thick, medium to coarse-grained, arkosic sandstone unit. 

Mineralization  

Uranium mineralization in outcrops and
the pit floor at the old Anderson mine was reported by the US Bureau of Mines in Salt Lake City as tyuyamunite (Ca(UO 2 ) 2 (VO 4 ) 2  5-8H 2 O).
Carnotite (K(UO 2 ) 2 (VO 4 ) 2  3H 2 O) and a rarer silicate mineral, weeksite
(K 2 (UO 2 ) 2 (Si 2 O 5 ) 3  4H 2 O), were also reported
in outcrop samples. Carnotite mineralization occurs as fine coatings and coarse fibrous fillings along fractures and bedding planes
and has been noted in shallow drill holes and surface exposures. 

The uranium mineralization found at depth
on the former Urangesellschaft property was reported by Hazen Research, Inc. ( Hazen Research ) to be poorly crystallized,
very fine-grained, amorphous uranium with silica.  This could be in the form of either coffinite (U(SiO 4 ) 1-x (OH) 4x )
or uraninite (UO 2 ) in a primary or unoxidized state (Hertzke, 1997). Mineralogical studies performed by Hazen Research
(1978a, 1978b, 1978c and 1979) on Urangesellschaft core found that mineralization was associated, for the most part, with organic-rich
fractions of the samples. Specifically, the uraniferous material occurs as stringers, irregular masses and disseminations in carbonaceous
veinlets with uranium up to 54% as measured by microprobe analysis.  X-ray diffraction identified the mineral as coffinite. It
is possible that an amorphous, ill-defined uranium silicate with a variable U:Si ratio is precipitated and, under favorable conditions,
develops into an identifiable crystalline form (coffinite). 

Of special note is the detection of high-grade,
low-reflecting uraniferous material occurring with carbonaceous material in the siltstone. Similar assemblages in unoxidized mineralization
have also been reported for the former MinEx property. 

Urangesellschaft distinguished seven mineralized
zones, identified as Horizons A, B, C, D, E, F and G, with the youngest (uppermost) being Horizon A and the oldest (deepest) being
Horizon G. The majority of uranium occurs in Horizons A, B and C within the property. A conglomeratic sandstone unit interbeds
with these units, but does not contain uranium mineralization; it is referred to as the Barren Sandstone Unit and it lies between
Horizon C and Horizon D. Consequently, Horizons A through C have been called the Upper Lakebed Sequence and Horizons D through
G have been called the Lower Lakebed Sequence. 

Grades of mineralization range from 0.025%
U 3 O 8  to normal highs of 0.3 to 0.5% U 3 O 8  with intercepts on occasion of 1.0% to 2.0%
U 3 O 8 . Secondary enrichment of the syngenetic mineralization is observed along faults and at outcrops. 

Exploration  

A Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR)
survey was performed over the entire project area by Cooper Aerial Surveys Co. ( Cooper Aerial ) on 9 July 2011, between
13:07 UTC and 15:14 UTC (6:07  A.M.  and 8:14 A.M., MST). Aerial imagery was collected
at the same time. Data was processed using one of two base stations to obtain positional accuracies of between 3 and10 cm. Twenty-four
ground control points showed a root mean square error of 0.219 ft (6.7 cm) between predicted and measured elevations. Cooper Aerial
provided the Company with a one meter pixel digital elevation model (DEM) and a 2 ft contour shape-file derived from the LiDAR
data. Cooper Aerial also corrected ortho imagery with a 0.15 m pixel size. Coordinates were converted from WGS84 to NAD 1983 UTM
Zone 12N in meters, and elevation was reported in NAVD 1988 international feet. The conversion caused no distortion in elevations
used in the resource model. 

The Company has not performed any drilling
to date on the Anderson Project. 

Update to July 31, 2016   

A Technical
Report dated June 19, 2012 for the Anderson Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Bruce Davis and Robert
Simm, consulting geologists, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators
at  www.sedar.com . The Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to inferred and indicated mineral resource
estimates for the Anderson Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on
mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Inferred and indicated
mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations, are not defined terms under the SEC s Industry
Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we
have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any
part or all of the mineral resources in this category will ever be converted into mineral reserves. Inferred and indicated resources
have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In
particular, it should be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.
It cannot be assumed that all or any part of inferred mineral resources discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded
to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility
or other economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported inferred mineral resources referred
to in the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable.  

A Preliminary Economic Assessment ( PEA )
dated July 6, 2014 for the Anderson Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Douglas Beahm, PE, PG and
Terence McNulty, PE and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com .
The PEA contains certain disclosure relating to indicated and inferred mineral resource estimates for the Anderson Project. Such
mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute
of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Indicated and inferred mineral resources, while recognized and required
by Canadian regulations, are not defined terms under the SEC s Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used
in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this annual report or otherwise
in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral resources in this category will
ever be converted into mineral reserves. Indicated and inferred resources have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence,
and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that mineral resources which
are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of the indicated
or inferred mineral resources discussed in the PEA will ever be upgraded to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules,
estimates of indicated and inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other economic studies. Investors
are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported indicated and inferred mineral resources referred to in the PEA are
economically or legally mineable. We have not established proven or probable reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide
7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable  feasibility study for the Anderson Project. 

Arizona: Workman Creek Project   

The Workman Creek Project is a 4,036-acre
property located in Gila County, Arizona. 

A Technical Report dated July 7, 2012
for the Workman Creek Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Neil G. McCallum, P.G. and Gary H. Giroux,
P.E., a consulting geologist and engineer, respectively, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian
Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com . The Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to inferred mineral
resource estimates for the Workman Creek Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition
standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Inferred
mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations, is not a defined term under the SEC s Industry
Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we
have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any
part or all of the mineral resources in this category will ever be converted into mineral reserves. Inferred resources have a
great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular,
it should be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot
be assumed that all or any part of inferred mineral resources discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded to a higher
category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other
economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported inferred mineral resources referred to in
the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. 

The following table provides information
relating to our mineral rights located in Arizona: 

Colorado   

Claims and leases acquired by us in Colorado
have historical production tonnages and grades published in the Colorado Geological Survey, Bulletin 40  Radioactive Mineral
Occurrences of Colorado . Also, our geological staff has evaluated a portion of the claims currently owned by us. 

Colorado: Slick Rock Project   

Pursuant to a Uranium Mining Lease dated
May 23, 2012, the Company acquired from URenergy LLC a mining lease for uranium on the Slick Rock Project located in San Miguel
and Montrose Counties, Colorado. 

Since January 2011, the Company has staked
a total of 129 claims in the Slick Rock district of the Uravan Mineral Belt. In June 2011, the Company acquired 103 claims from
Spider Rock Mining also in the Slick Rock District for a one-time payment of $500,000. As a result, the Company now holds a total
of 315 contiguous claims in the Slick Rock District. Certain claims of the Slick Rock Project are subject to a 1.0% or 3.0% net
smelter royalty, the latter requiring an annual advance royalty payment of $30,000 beginning in November 2017. 

A Technical Report dated February 21,
2013 for the Slick Rock Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Bruce Davis and Robert Simm, consulting
geologists, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com .
The Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to inferred mineral resource estimates for the Slick Rock Project. Such
mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute
of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Inferred mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian
regulations, is not a defined term under the SEC's Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and
registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this annual report or otherwise in the United
States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral resources in this category will ever be converted
into mineral reserves. Inferred resources have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to
their economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves
do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of inferred mineral resources discussed
in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral
resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part
of the reported inferred mineral resources referred to in the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. 

A PEA dated April 8, 2014 for the Slick
Rock Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Douglas Beahm, PE, PG and filed by the Company on the public
disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com . The PEA contains certain disclosure relating
to inferred mineral resource estimates for the Slick Rock Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with
the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI
43-101. Inferred mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations, is not a defined term under the SEC s
Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly,
we have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that
any part or all of the mineral resources in this category will ever be converted into mineral reserves. Inferred resources have
a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular,
it should be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot
be assumed that all or any part of inferred mineral resources discussed in the PEA will ever be upgraded to a higher category.
In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other economic
studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported inferred mineral resources referred to in the PEA
are economically or legally mineable. 

The following table provides information
relating to our mineral rights located in Colorado: 

New Mexico   

The West Ranch Project consists of approximately
2,454 acres made up of lode mining claims and private leases in northwestern New Mexico, on the northwest end of the historically
uraniferous Ambrosia Lake trend of the Grants Uranium District. The property was drilled by United Nuclear Corporation and, more
recently, by Kerr McGee. Historical wide-spaced drilling across the property indicates the presence of several northwest-southeast
trending uranium mineralized zones within the Morrison Formation at average depths of 800 feet. 

A property option agreement with AusAmerican
Mining Corporation, an Australian-listed mining company, over certain New Mexico claims including the F-33, Rick and Todilto claims
was cancelled by the Company for AusAmerican s failure to meet certain financial obligations as required under the option.
During Fiscal 2014, an impairment loss on mineral properties of $166,720 was recognized related to these claims. 

In December 2014, the Company staked 51
claims over the historic Dalton Pass project in the Crownpoint uranium district. Historic drilling at Dalton Pass by Pathfinder
Mines indicates that the uranium mineralization occurs as both primary tabular and roll front deposits. Mineralization is hosted
by the upper Westwater Canyon Member of the Morrison Formation, a sequence of stacked sands separated by discontinuous shale breaks,
at depths ranging from 1,900 to 2,100 ft. 

The following table provides information
relating to our mineral rights located in New Mexico: 

Texas   

At July, 31, 2016, we currently own various
exploration projects located in the South Texas Uranium Trend. The location and acquisition of these leases are based on historical
information contained within our extensive database, as well as current, ongoing geologic analyses by our exploration staff. 

Texas: Salvo Project   

The Salvo Project is a 1,847-acre property
located in Bee County, Texas. 

A Phase I exploration drill program was
completed in April 2011 with a total of 105 holes drilled. Phase II drilling began at the Salvo Project in October 2011, with two
drilling rigs targeting Lower Goliad P and Q sand objectives. A total of 122 exploration and delineation holes for a total of 70,760
feet were drilled during Phase II which was concluded in May 2012. Twenty-nine holes (23%) met or exceeded a grade-thickness ( GT )
cutoff of 0.3 GT. 

Interpretation of the Company s exploration
and delineation drilling along with historic data from 1982 to 84 exploration drilling by Mobil and URI, revealed the existence
of two ore-bearing redox boundaries within the area, which has the potential to become PAA-1. A significant under-explored extension
to this area which exhibits strong mineralization remains open-ended. Future plans would include further exploration/delineation
drilling in this area in order to fully identify the extent of the mineralized zones in proposed PAA-1. Historic and recent Company
drilling results are being reviewed for future exploration/delineation activities in the Salvo Project in order to fully identify
the extent of the mineralized zones. 

A Technical Report dated July 16, 2010
for the Salvo Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Thomas A. Carothers, P.G., a consulting geologist,
and filed by the Company on the CSA s public disclosure website at  www.sedar.com . A further Technical Report dated
March 31, 2011 for the Salvo Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Thomas A. Carothers, P.G., a consulting
geologist, and filed by the Company on the CSA s public disclosure website at  www.sedar.com . The March 31, 2011 Technical
Report contains certain disclosure relating to inferred mineral resource estimates for the Salvo Project. Such mineral resources
have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy
and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Inferred mineral resources, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations, is
not a defined term under the SEC s Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration
statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States.
Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral resources in this category will ever be converted into
mineral reserves. Inferred resources have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their
economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not
have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of inferred mineral resources discussed in the
Technical Report will ever be upgraded to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral
resources cannot form the basis of feasibility or other economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part
of the reported inferred mineral resources referred to in the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. 

Texas: Longhorn Project   

The Longhorn Project is located in Live
Oak County, Texas, which historically has produced uranium by both open pit and ISR methods. The property lies within the historic
US Steel Clay West production area where uranium was previously mined utilizing ISR methods along the historic George West district
trend. The Company has an extensive database of information regarding the area including drill maps and over 500 gamma logs. The
Project lies on trend between two former US Steel production areas, the Boots/Brown and the Pawlik. At least five separate roll-fronts
are believed to exist across the project area.  Uranium grades within these Oakville deposits ranged from 0.10% to in excess
of 0.20% U 3 O 8  according to US Steel reports and historic well logs obtained by the Company.  Well-developed
Oakville sands in this area exhibit higher than average uranium grades for South Texas, as shown on many historic gamma ray logs,
of which the Company has at least 500+ pertaining to the Project from various databases. These higher than average reported uranium
grades were later proven by excellent recoveries in the US Steel ISR production areas 

The property is located approximately
65 miles northwest of Corpus Christi and 55 miles southwest of Hobson. It is comprised of 43 lease agreements covering 651 acres,
granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium.  The Company anticipates that any uranium identified
at the Longhorn Project will be extracted using ISR mining and processed at Hobson. 

The following table provides information
relating to our main mineral rights located in the South Texas Uranium Trend, excluding the Palangana Mine and the Goliad and
Burke Hollow Projects: 

Wyoming   

The Burnt Wagon Project, located 35 miles
west of Casper, Wyoming, was acquired from North American Mining and Minerals Company in 2006. Previous operations defined shallow
uranium mineralization in the Wind River formation of early Eocene age, at 50 to 200 foot depths, from 500 drill holes and 16,000
feet of electric logging data. 

Situated in the Lower Eocene Wasatch formation
of the southwest Powder River Basin is our Powder River Basin LO-Herma uranium property. The exploration data was acquired from
H. Brenniman as a part of the Pioneer Nuclear, Inc., package in 2006. The 29 mining claims total 592 acres and are contiguous
to the Uranium One (formerly Energy Metals Corp.) property. 

The DL Prospect was assessed and acquired
by using Pioneer Nuclear, Inc., 1970 uranium exploration data from the Brenniman database. 

The following table provides information
relating to our mineral rights located in Wyoming: 

Paraguay  

We hold interests in two projects within
the South American country of Paraguay. The following map shows the location of both projects, Coronel Oviedo and Yuty. 

Coronel Oviedo Project   

Property Description and Location  

The Coronel Oviedo Project is located in
southeastern Paraguay, approximately 95 miles east of Asuncion, the capital of Paraguay. The Coronel Oviedo Project consists of
a large mineral concession covering a total area of 464,548 acres. The property can be classified as an early to intermediate stage
exploration project. Several areas have undergone drilling in the past by The Anschutz Company ( Anschutz ) of Denver,
Colorado (early 1980s) and recently by Crescent Resources ( Crescent ) in 2007. Access to the project is by paved roads
from Asuncion to the City of Coronel Oviedo and other populated areas. There is good access into the interior of the concession
mainly by unpaved secondary roads. The terrain is rolling hills with areas of forest, small farms, and some large cattle ranches. 

Prior Exploration  

The Coronel Oviedo Project located in central
Paraguay was subject to reconnaissance uranium exploration between 1976 and 1983 by Anschutz Corporation of Denver, Colorado, and
by Crescent Resources of Vancouver, Canada between 2006 and 2008. Most of the uranium occurrences in this environment are  roll
front  type deposits similar to those currently being produced by low-cost ISR methods in Texas, the western United States,
Central Asia and Australia. The work by Anschutz and Crescent was centered on a large belt of Permo-Carboniferous age continental
sandstones that represent the western flank of the Parana Basin. According to the Geological Survey of Brazil or CPRM, these same
sandstones within the Brazilian section of the Parana Basin contain numerous uranium occurrences including the Figueira Mine. 

From 2006 to 2008, the Coronel Oviedo Project
was optioned to Crescent Resources. During this period, a total of 24 holes were drilled and logged in the southern portion, offsetting
mineralized holes drilled by Anschutz. A NI 43-101 Technical Report reported that 14 of the 24 holes had a grade-thickness ( GT )
product (in feet) equal to or greater than 0.30 GT. GT values equal to and above 0.30 are typically considered producible under
ISR production methodology. The known uranium mineralization on the Coronel Oviedo Project intersected by the past drilling is
at depths between 450 and 750 feet. Crescent Resources dropped the option on the Coronel Oviedo Project in 2008. 

Aquifer Test  

During 2010, and prior to the acquisition
of the Coronel Oviedo Project, the Company conducted a 24-hour aquifer test in the area of the resource trend identified by the
combined Anschutz-Crescent drilling programs. The test was designed to assess aquifer properties of the lower massive sand, a uranium-bearing
sandstone within the San Miguel Formation. The focus of the test was to determine if the aquifer could sustain extraction rates
typical of ISR mining of uranium. 

Results of the test indicate that the
uranium-bearing unit has aquifer characteristics that would support operational rates for ISR mining. The aquifer properties determined
from the hydrologic test fall within the range of values determined at other uranium ISR projects located in Wyoming, Texas and
Nebraska. 

During Fiscal 2012, the Company completed
a 10,000-meter drilling program. A total of 35 holes were drilled, averaging 950 feet in depth. The holes were drilled on east
to west lines across known geologic structures believed to be integral in controlling uranium occurrence. The holes were drilled
on wide spacings, approximately one to 1.5 miles apart (see map above). Historic and recent drilling results are being reviewed
for future exploration/delineation drilling at the Oviedo Project. A radon extraction survey is being completed along the western
basin margins, following up on historic airborne radiometric anomalies and outcrop sampling results that indicate a potential
for shallow uranium mineralization. 

A Technical Report dated October 15, 2012
for the Coronel Oviedo Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Douglas L. Beahm, P.E., P.G, a consulting
geologist/engineer, and filed by the Company on the public disclosure website of the Canadian Securities Administrators at  www.sedar.com .
The Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to an Exploration Target for the Coronel Oviedo Project. An Exploration
Target has been calculated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian Institute of Mining,
Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Exploration Targets, while recognized and required by Canadian regulations,
is not a defined term under the SEC s Industry Guide 7, and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration
statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this Annual Report or otherwise in the United States.
Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the Exploration Target will ever be converted into mineral resources
or reserves. Exploration Targets have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic
and legal feasibility. In particular, it should be noted that Exploration Targets do not have demonstrated economic viability.
It cannot be assumed that all or any part of the Exploration Target discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded to
a higher category, or if additional exploration will result in discovery of an economic mineral resource on the property. 

Yuty Project, Paraguay   

Property Description and Location  

The Yuty Project covers 289,680 acres
and is located approximately 125 miles east and southeast of Asunci n, the capital of Paraguay. It is located within the
Paran  Basin, which is host to a number of known uranium deposits, including Figueira and Amorin polis in Brazil.
Preliminary studies indicate amenability to extraction by in situ recovery methods, which is the same process currently used by
the Company at its Texas operations. Cue Resources Ltd. spent over CAD$16 million developing Yuty since 2006. 

History  

Exploration for uranium in Southeastern
Paraguay was started in 1976 by Anschutz, after a Concession Agreement between the Government of Paraguay and Anschutz in December
1975. This agreement allowed Anschutz to explore for  all minerals, excluding oil, gas, and construction materials. 
The initial uranium exploration by Anschutz in 1976 covered an exclusive exploration concession of some 162,700 square kilometers,
virtually the whole eastern half of Paraguay. This was followed by a program of diamond drilling and rotary drilling over selected
target areas. In total, some 75,000 meters of drilling were completed from 1976 to1983. Data is available for a total of 257 drill
holes in the San Antonio area. Anschutz carried out exploration on behalf of a joint venture with Korea Electric Power Corporation
and Taiwan Power Company. Anschutz intersected uranium mineralization in drill holes ranging from 0.115% U 3 O 8 
over 10.2 meters to 0.351% U 3 O 8  over 0.3 meters in sandstones and siltstones. Work was suspended in 1983
due to the slump of the price of uranium, and no further work was done at that time. 

During the exploration programs by Anschutz,
airborne radiometric surveys, regional geological mapping and geochemical sampling were the main exploration tools for uranium
exploration in the southeastern part of Paraguay. This was followed-up by core and rotary drilling, in two phases. The initial
phase was to drill wide-spaced reconnaissance diamond drill holes along fences spaced approximately ten miles apart. The objective
of this initial phase was to obtain stratigraphic information across an inferred host trend. The second phase was to drill rotary
holes, spaced approximately 1,000 feet apart, within and between the fences of reconnaissance holes, to establish and outline
target areas. All drill holes were logged and probed by gamma, neutron and resistivity surveys. 

Exploration work by Anschutz outlined
several large target areas including what is now the Yuty Project. These include the San Antonio, San Miguel, Typychaty and Yarati- targets
near and around the village of Yuty, approximately 125 miles southeast of Asunci n. 

Geologic Setting and Mineralization  

The Yuty Uranium Project area is situated
within the western part of the Paran  Basin in Southeastern Paraguay, which also hosts the Figueira uranium deposit in
Brazil. The area is underlain by upper Permian-Carboniferous ( UPC ) continental sedimentary rocks. The exploration
methodology applied during past programs has been to determine the favorable host rocks of the UPC sequence and to explore favorable
areas of the host sandstone. 

Continental sedimentary units of the Independencia
Formation (of the UPC) are known to have high potential for uranium exploration in eastern Paraguay. The source of the uranium
is thought to be the Lower Permian-Carboniferous Coronel Oviedo Formation, which is correlated with the Itatar  Formation
underlying the Rio Benito Formation in Brazil. Occasional diabase sills and dikes intrude the sedimentary rocks, such as at the
San Antonio area near the village of Yuty. Outcrops are rare, mostly along road cuts, and mapping is done by drilling. 

The rocks of the Yuty area are very gently
east dipping and undeformed. Occasional northwest and northeast trending normal faults cut the sedimentary units. Exploration
work to date suggests that the uranium mineralization within the San Miguel Formation is stratabound and possibly syngenetic or
diagenetic in origin. Recent interpretation of exploration data suggests that areas of limonite + hematite alteration within the
grey-green, fine-grained sandstones in the San Antonio area have characteristics similar to the alteration assemblages present
at roll front-type uranium deposits of the Powder River basin in the United States. 

Geologic Setting of the Yuty Project, Paraguay 

Recent Exploration  

In late July 2006, Cue Resources Ltd.
signed an agreement with the shareholders of Transandes Paraguay S.A. to option the Yuty Property, followed by a formal earn-in
agreement signed on November 6, 2007, and started a systematic uranium exploration program. This included a compilation of all
previous exploration data, including lithologic and radiometric logs, stored at Ministry of Public Works (the  MOPC )
in Asunci n. The most recent drilling completed in the San Antonio area was in November and December 2010 at which time
33 holes were completed for a total of 11,500 feet. Of these holes, five were not successfully completed. Of the 28 holes that
reached the target, ten had intersections greater than a GT (grade x thickness) of 0.10m% e U 3 O 8 , and an
additional 13 had intersections exceeding a GT of 0.03 m% e U 3 O 8 . 

Drilling and Sampling  

Approximately 240,000 feet of drilling
(core as well as rotary) were completed by Anschutz in previous campaigns. 

The procedures used during the diamond
and rotary drilling programs were drafted by Anschutz technical personnel. Healex reviewed all of drill logs at the MOPC in Asunci n
and is of the opinion that the lithologic logging procedures are comparable to industry standards. Detailed information on sampling
methods and approach during the Anschutz drilling campaigns is not available. Nevertheless, previous Technical Reports (Scott
Wilson (2008) and Healex (2009)) have concluded that sampling procedures were comparable to industry standards of that time. Mr.
Beahm (2011 Technical Report) concurs with this determination. From 2007 to 2010, Cue Resources Ltd. completed over 100,000 feet
of drilling at the San Antonio target area in 256 drill holes. Most of the holes were collared with a rotary drilling rig, surface
casing was then installed, and the holes were drilled to completion depth with a diamond rig. 

To date, diamond drilling totals approximately
52,800 feet, and rotary drilling approximately 50,000 feet. For diamond drill holes, HQ-size core was retrieved and the drilling
contractor was Empire Drilling S.A. of Quito, Ecuador. For rotary drilling, the contractor was 9 de Junio S.A. (Primo) of Asunci n,
Paraguay. 

Exploration Potential  

Except for the San Antonio area, the Yuty
Uranium Project is at an early-to intermediate stage of exploration. A number of areas of anomalous concentrations of uranium
occur in UPC sedimentary rocks within the property area. Past work was focused on developing roll front-type targets. Preliminary
interpretation of the drill results in the San Antonio area suggests that the basal sandstone unit (San Miguel Formation) is a
favorable host for uranium mineralization. These results also suggest that the diabase sill overlying the San Miguel Formation
may have acted as a trap for diagenetic fluids and provided a horizontal conduit for the circulation of the diagenetic fluids
and emplacement of uranium mineralization near the margin of a topographic high (gentle hill) below the diabase sill. 

Historic and recent drilling results are
being reviewed for future exploration/delineation drilling at the Yuty Project. 

A Technical Report dated August 24, 2011
for the Yuty Project, prepared in accordance with NI 43-101, was completed by Douglas Beahm, P.G., P.E., Bill Northrup and Andre
Deiss consulting geologists, and filed by the Company on the CSA s public disclosure website at  www.sedar.com . The
Technical Report contains certain disclosure relating to measured, indicated and inferred mineral resource estimates for the Yuty
Project. Such mineral resources have been estimated in accordance with the definition standards on mineral resources of the Canadian
Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum referred to in NI 43-101. Measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources, while
recognized and required by Canadian regulations, are not defined terms under the SEC's Industry Guide 7, and are normally not
permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Accordingly, we have not reported them in this
Annual Report or otherwise in the United States. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral resources
in this category will ever be converted into mineral reserves. Measured, indicated and inferred resources have a great amount
of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. In particular, it should
be noted that mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. It cannot be assumed
that all or any part of measured, indicated or inferred mineral resources discussed in the Technical Report will ever be upgraded
to a higher category. In accordance with Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources cannot form the basis of feasibility
or other economic studies. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of the reported mineral resources referred to in
the Technical Report are economically or legally mineable. 

In April 2015, the Yuty Project received
a signed resolution from the Ministry of Public Works and Communication (the  MOPC ), the national agency that regulates
mining in Paraguay, advancing the Project from the Exploration Phase into the Exploitation Phase. The Yuty Project is only the
third mining project to achieve the Exploitation Phase since the current Paraguayan mining law was promulgated in 2007. 

When the MOPC grants a mineral concession
to an operator, the project initially enters the Exploration Phase for a maximum of six years, during which period a company must
advance and demonstrate a viable project.  The Exploration Phase is followed by the Exploitation Phase for a maximum of 20
years renewable every 5 years indefinitely, during which period the environmental licensing process may begin, a key milestone
required before starting production, as well as allowing for reductions in land and various investment costs.  The Exploitation
Phase is followed by the Production Phase which lasts for an indefinite period. 

Other Properties  

As of July 31, 2016, we own 32 acres of
real estate located in Goliad County, Texas, and 76.6 acres of real estate located in the Republic of Paraguay. As of July 31,
2016, we have entered into office rental and service agreements as follows: 

Our Databases  

We have acquired historical exploration
data that will assist in the direction of proposed exploration program on lands held in our current property portfolio. This prior
exploration data consists of management information and work product derived from various reports, drill hole assay results, drill
hole logs, studies, maps, radioactive rock samples, exploratory drill logs, state organization reports, consultants, geological
study and other exploratory information. 

The following provides information relating
to our database: 

Tronox Worldwide   

Effective February 20, 2008, we acquired
from Tronox Worldwide LLC certain assets, consisting of certain maps, data, exploration results and other information pertaining
to lands within the United States (excluding New Mexico and Wyoming), Canada and Australia, and specifically including the former
uranium exploration projects by Kerr McGee Corporation. The Tronox database contains records on some of our properties located
in Arizona, the Colorado Plateau and Texas. We have exclusive ownership of this database. 

Jebsen   

The Jebsen database covers territory in
Wyoming and New Mexico, including some of our existing properties. The database belonged to a pioneering uranium developer and
represents work conducted from the 1950s through to the present. 

This database adds over 500 drill holes
and over 500,000 feet of drilling data results to the Company s existing library of data. Other than logs, the data set
consists of volumes of maps, lithographic logs, geologic reports, and feasibility studies, and many other essential tools for
uranium exploration and pre-extraction. 

Our geologists have linked contents of
the database to some of our existing properties, specifically pertaining to our projects in the Shirley Basin and Powder River
Basin of Wyoming, and in the Grants Uranium District of New Mexico. We have exclusive ownership of this database. 

Halterman   

The Halterman database consists of exploratory
and pre-extraction work compiled during the 1970s and 80s, including extensive data on significant prospects and projects in the
following known uranium districts in the States of Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, including Grants, San Juan Basin, Chama Basin,
Moab, Lisbon Valley, Dove Creek, Slick Rock and Uravan districts. 

This database includes drilling and logging
data from over 200,000 feet of uranium exploration and pre-extraction drilling, resource evaluations and calculations, drill-hole
locations and grade thickness maps, competitor activity maps as well as several dozen geological and project evaluation reports
covering uranium projects in New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Texas and California. We have exclusive ownership of this database. 

Brenniman   

The Brenniman database includes drilling
and logging data from over two million feet of uranium exploration and pre-extraction drilling, resource calculation reports and
various other geological reports, drill hole location maps and other mapping. This database includes approximately 142 drill hole
gamma and E-logs. The data was originally compiled from 1972 to 1981 by various exploration companies, and covers over 100 uranium
prospects in 15 southern U.S. states. This library will be used by our technical personnel to determine locations of where drill-indicated
uranium may exist. We have exclusive ownership of this database. 

Kirkwood   

We acquired a database of uranium exploration
results covering an area of approximately 13,000 acres within the uranium zone known as the Poison Spider area, in central Wyoming.
The area covered includes property already held by us, as well as by other publicly-traded uranium exploration companies. The
database was compiled by William Kirkwood of North American Mining and Minerals Company, a significant participant in the uranium,
coal, gold and oil and gas industries in the western United States since the 1960s. The data acquired was generated from exploration
originally conducted by companies such as Homestake Mining, Kennecott Corp, Rampart Exploration and Kirkwood Oil and Gas, largely
between 1969 and 1982. The database consists of drill hole assay logs for 470 holes, including 75,200 feet of drilling, 22,000
feet of gamma logs, drill hole location maps, cross sections, geological maps, geological reports, and other assay data and will
be used to locate possible mineralized zones in the Poison Spider area in central Wyoming. We have exclusive ownership of this
database. 

Odell   

We acquired the rights to a database containing
over 50 years of uranium exploration data for the State of Wyoming. 

This database consists of 315,000 feet
of drill logs, over 400 maps, copies of all US geological survey uranium publications dating back to 1954, and geological reports
on uranium ore bodies throughout Wyoming. The database will be used to locate possible mineralized zones. The database is made
available to the Company by Robert Odell, the compiler and publisher of the Rocky Mountain Uranium Minerals Scout since 1974.
We do not own or have exclusive rights to this database. 

Moore   

We acquired a database of U.S. uranium
exploration results from Moore Energy, a private Oklahoma-based uranium exploration company. 

The Moore Energy U.S. uranium database
consists of over 30 years of uranium exploration information in the States of Texas, New Mexico and Wyoming, originally conducted
during the 1970s, 80s and 90s. It includes results of over 10,000 drill holes, plus primary maps, and geological reports. It covers
approximately one million acres of prospective uranium claims, in the South Texas uranium trend, New Mexico, and Powder River
Basin, Wyoming, as well as zones in Texas, and will be used to locate possible mineralized zones. 

The database also provides the Company
with exploration data about its Goliad Project in south Texas, including 250,000 feet of drill logs and further delineates zones
of potential uranium mineralization. It also contains drilling results from properties that are being developed by other uranium
exploration companies, and also widespread regional data from throughout the South Texas uranium trend. We have exclusive ownership
of this database. 

Uranium Resources Inc.    

We acquired the full database of historic
drill results for the Company s Salvo ISR uranium project located in Bee County, Texas. The database consists of 425 gamma
ray/resistivity and lithology logs, PGT logs and drill plan maps. 

Uranium One   South Texas
Goliad Project   

The South Texas Goliad database includes
raw and interpreted data compiled by Total Minerals ( TOMIN ) and others from the mid 1980s to 1993. The database
is an evaluation of the uranium potential within the Goliad Formation from south of Houston to the Mexican border. 

Through TOMIN s purchase of the
Holiday - El Mesquite project, located in Duval County, Texas, in 1990, TOMIN acquired the Mobil uranium exploration database.
Starting with this data, and earlier data purchased from Tenneco Uranium, TOMIN also acquired regional oil and gas logs (included
in the database), water well driller logs and other regional information to begin their study of the Goliad Formation along the
South TX Uranium Trend. 

As a result of the study, TOMIN identified
62 targets and drilled 22 by project end in 1993. Of the 22 drilled, 19 were disproved and the remaining three await further drilling
to assess trends. Another 40 targets remain to be drill-evaluated. 

In summary, the database contains: 

752
                                         maps/sections across South Texas; and   

103
                                         documents, reports and analyses documenting the study.   

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

As of the date of this Annual Report,
other than as disclosed below, there are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental
to our business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is subject, and
no director, officer, affiliate or record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock, or any associate or any such
director, officer, affiliate or security holder, is (i) a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries in any legal proceeding
or (ii) has an adverse interest to us or any of our subsidiaries in any legal proceeding. Other than as disclosed below, management
is not aware of any other material legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. 

On or about March 9, 2011, the TCEQ granted
the Company s applications for a Class III Injection Well Permit, Production Area Authorization and Aquifer Exemption for
its Goliad Project.  On or about December 4, 2012, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency concurred with the TCEQ issuance
of the Aquifer Exemption permit.  With the receipt of this concurrence, the final authorization required for uranium extraction,
the Goliad Project achieved fully-permitted status.  On or about May 24, 2011, a group of petitioners, inclusive of Goliad
County, appealed the TCEQ action to the 250 th  District Court in Travis County, Texas.  A motion filed by the
Company to intervene in this matter was granted. The petitioners  appeal lay dormant until on or about June 14, 2013, when
the petitioners filed their initial brief in support of their position.  On or about January 18, 2013, a different group
of petitioners, exclusive of Goliad County, filed a petition for review with the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
in the United States (the  Fifth Circuit ) to appeal the EPA s decision.  On or about March 5, 2013, a motion
filed by the Company to intervene in this matter was granted.  The parties attempted to resolve both appeals, to
facilitate discussions and avoid further legal costs. The parties jointly agreed, through mediation initially conducted through
the Fifth Circuit on or about August 8, 2013, to abate the proceedings in the State District Court. On or about August 21, 2013,
the State District Court agreed to abate the proceedings.  The EPA subsequently filed a motion to remand without vacatur with
the Fifth Circuit wherein the EPA s stated purpose was to elicit additional public input and further explain its rationale
for the approval.  In requesting the remand without vacatur, which would allow the AE to remain in place during the review
period, the EPA denied the existence of legal error and stated that it was unaware of any additional information that would merit
reversal of the AE.  The Company and the TCEQ filed a request to the Fifth Circuit for the motion to remand without vacatur,
and if granted, to be limited to a 60-day review period.  On December 9, 2013, by way of a procedural order from a three-judge
panel of the Fifth Circuit, the Court granted the remand without vacatur and initially limited the review period to 60 days. In
March of 2014, at the EPA s request, the Fifth Circuit extended the EPA s time period for review and additionally,
during that same period, the Company conducted a joint groundwater survey of the site, the result of which reaffirmed the Company s
previously filed groundwater direction studies. On or about June 17, 2014, the EPA reaffirmed its earlier decision to uphold the
granting of the Company s existing AE, with the exception of a northwestern portion containing less than 10% of the uranium
resource which was withdrawn, but not denied, from the AE area until additional information is provided in the normal course of
mine development. On or about September 9, 2014, the petitioners filed a status report with the State District Court which included
a request to remove the stay agreed to in August 2013 and to set a briefing schedule (the  Status Report ). In that
Status Report, the petitioners also stated that they had decided not to pursue their appeal at the Fifth Circuit. The Company continues
to believe that the pending appeal is without merit and is continuing as planned towards uranium extraction at its fully-permitted
Goliad Project. 

On or about April 3, 2012, the Company
received notification of a lawsuit filed in the State of Arizona, in the Superior Court for the County of Yavapai, by certain
petitioners (the  Plaintiffs ) against a group of defendants, including the Company and former management and board
members of Concentric Energy Corp. ( Concentric ). The lawsuit asserts certain claims relating to the Plaintiffs 
equity investments in Concentric, including allegations that the former management and board members of Concentric engaged in
various wrongful acts prior to and/or in conjunction with the merger of Concentric. The lawsuit originally further alleged that
the Company was contractually liable for liquidated damages arising from a pre-merger transaction which the Company previously
acknowledged and recorded as an accrued liability, and which portion of the lawsuit was settled in full by a cash payment of $149,194
to the Plaintiffs and subsequently dismissed. The court dismissed several other claims set forth in the Plaintiffs  initial
complaint, but granted the Plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint.  The court denied a subsequent motion to dismiss
the amended complaint, finding that the pleading met the minimal pleading requirements under the applicable procedural rules.
 In October 2013, the Company filed a formal response denying liability for any of the Plaintiffs  remaining claims.
The court set the case for a four-week jury trial that was to take place in Yavapai County, Arizona, in April 2016.  In November
2015, after the completion of discovery, the Company and the remaining defendants filed motions for summary judgment, seeking
to dismiss all of the Plaintiffs  remaining claims.  While those motions were pending, the parties reached a settlement
agreement with respect to all claims asserted by the Plaintiffs in that lawsuit.  A formal settlement and release agreement
was subsequently executed, pursuant to which all of the Plaintiffs  claims in the Arizona lawsuit were dismissed with prejudice. 
Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, the Defendants collectively paid $500,000 to the Plaintiffs, of which $50,000
was paid by the Company. 

On June 1, 2015, the Company received
notice that Westminster Securities Corporation ( Westminster ) filed a suit in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, alleging a breach of contract relating to certain four-year warrants issued by Concentric in
December 2008.  Although the Concentric warrants expired by their terms on December 31, 2012, Westminster bases its claim
upon transactions allegedly occurring prior to UEC s merger with Concentric.  The Company believes that this claim
lacks merit and intends to vigorously defend the same. 

On or about June 29, 2015, Heather M. Stephens
filed a class action complaint against the Company and two of its executive officers in the United States District Court, Southern
District of Texas, with an amended class action complaint filed on November 16, 2015, (the  Securities Case ) seeking
unspecified damages and alleging the defendants violated Section 17(b) of the Securities Act and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act. The Company filed a motion to dismiss and on July 15, 2016, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of Texas entered a final judgement dismissing the case in its entirety with prejudice. On September 22, 2016, the plaintiffs voluntarily
dismissed their appeal of the district court s judgment and on September 26, 2016 United States District Court dismissed
the Securities Case pursuant to the plaintiffs  motion. As a result, the judgment in favor of the Company is final.  No
settlement payments or any other consideration was paid by the Company to the plaintiffs in connection with the lawsuit s
dismissal.  

On or about September 10, 2015, John Price
filed a stockholder derivative complaint on behalf of the Company against the Company s Board of Directors, executive management
and three of its vice presidents in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, with an amended stockholder
derivative complaint filed on December 4, 2015, (the  Federal Derivative Case ) seeking unspecified damages on behalf
of the Company against the defendants for allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties to the Company with respect to the allegations
in the Securities Case. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss. 

On or about October 2, 2015, Marnie W.
McMahon filed a stockholder derivative complaint on behalf of the Company against the Company s Board of Directors, executive
management and three of its vice presidents in the District Court of Nevada (the  Nevada Derivative Case ) (collectively
with the Federal Derivative Case, the  Derivative Cases ) seeking unspecified damages on behalf of the Company against
the defendants for allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties to the Company with respect to the allegations in the Securities
Case. On January 21, 2016, the court granted the Company s motion to stay the Nevada Derivative Case pending the outcome
of the Federal Derivative Case. 

The Company believes that the Derivative
Cases are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the same. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator,
of a coal or other mine in the United States, and that is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration
under the Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 ( Mine Safety Act ), are required to disclose in their periodic reports
filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, related assessments and
legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Company s Palangana Mine was
not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration under the Mine Safety Act. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Shares of our common stock commenced trading
on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol  URME  on December 5, 2005. On September 28, 2007, shares of our common
stock commenced trading on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (formerly known as the American Stock Exchange and the NYSE Amex Equities
Exchange) (the  NYSE MKT ) under the symbol  UEC . The market for our common stock is limited and can
be volatile. The following table sets forth the high and low trading prices relating to our common stock on the NYSE MKT on a
quarterly basis for the periods indicated: 

The last reported closing price for our shares on the NYSE MKT on October 10, 2016 was $0.96 per share.
As of October 10, 2016, we had 231 shareholders of record. 

Dividend Policy  

No dividends have been declared or paid
on our common stock. We have incurred recurring losses and do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Securities Authorized For Issuance
Under Compensation Plans  

At July 31, 2016, we had one equity compensation
plan, our 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). The table below sets forth information relating to our equity
compensation plan at our fiscal year end July 31, 2016: 

Notes : 

(1)  Includes 10,724 non-compensatory options
                                         having a weighted average exercise price of $5.13 and a weighted average remaining term
                                         of 0.01 years issued on March 30, 2012 in connection with the acquisition of Cue Resources
                                         Ltd. and outstanding on July 31, 2016, which were not issued pursuant to, and are not
                                         subject to the terms and conditions of, the Company s 2016 Stock Incentive Plan.   

Securities Authorized For Issuance
Under Compensation Plans  

2016 Stock Incentive Plan  

On June 7, 2016, our Board of Directors
adopted the 2016 Plan, under which up to 18,892,856 shares may be issued, subject to adjustment as described in the 2016 Plan,
and which at that time consisted of (i) 10,467,134 shares issuable pursuant to stock options previously granted that were outstanding
under our 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ); (ii) 7,225,722 shares remaining available for issuance under
the 2015 Plan; and (iii) 1,200,000 additional shares that may be issued pursuant to awards that may be granted under the 2016
Plan. On July 28, 2016, our shareholders approved the adoption of our 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan supersedes and replaces the Company s
prior equity compensation plan, being the 2015 Plan, such that no further shares are issuable under the 2015 Plan. 

The purpose of the 2016 Plan is to enhance
our long-term stockholder value by offering opportunities to our directors, officers, employees and eligible consultants to acquire
and maintain stock ownership in order to give these persons the opportunity to participate in our growth and success, and to encourage
them to remain in our service. 

The 2016 Plan is to be administered by
our Compensation Committee which shall determine, among other things, (i) the persons to be granted awards under the 2016 Plan
(each an  Eligible Participant ), (ii) the number of shares or amount of other awards to be granted; and (iii) the
terms and conditions of the awards granted. The Company may issue shares, options, stock appreciation rights, deferred stock rights
and dividend equivalent rights, among others, under the 2016 Plan. 

An award may not be exercised after the
termination date of the award and may be exercised following the termination of an Eligible Participant s continuous service
only to the extent provided by the administrator under the 2016 Plan. If the administrator under the 2016 Plan permits an Eligible
Participant to exercise an award following the termination of continuous service for a specified period, the award terminates
to the extent not exercised on the last day of the specified period or the last day of the original term of the award, whichever
occurs first. In the event an Eligible Participant s service has been terminated for  cause,  he or she shall
immediately forfeit all rights to any of the awards outstanding. 

The foregoing summary of the 2016 Plan
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 2016 Plan, a copy of which has been filed electronically
with the SEC, which is available under the Company s filings at www.sec.gov. 

As of October 10, 2016, there were  stock
options outstanding under our 2016 Plan exercisable for an aggregate of 12,287,634 shares of our common stock.   

Common Stock Purchase Warrants  

As of October 10, 2016, there were common
stock purchase warrants issued and outstanding exercisable for an aggregate of 13,953,872 of our common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

All of our issuances of unregistered securities
during our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 were previously disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for our first, second
and third quarters of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and in our current reports on Form 8-K as filed periodically with the
SEC, except for the following: 

on May 9, 2016, we issued 86,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant in consideration for
services under a consulting agreement at a deemed issuance price of $0.75 per share. We relied on exemptions from registration
under the Securities Act provided by Regulation S and/or Section 4(a)(2) with respect to the issuance of these shares; and  
 
        on the same date, we issued a further 40,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant in consideration
for services under a consulting agreement at a deemed issuance price of $0.85 per share. We relied on exemptions from registration
under the Securities Act provided by Regulation S and/or Section 4(a)(2) with respect to the issuance of these shares.  

Comparative Stock Performance   

The graph below compares the cumulative
total stockholder return on our common stock assuming an investment of $100 and the reinvestment of all dividends, if any, for
the years ended July 31, 2012 through to July 31, 2016; with (i) the cumulative total return on the shares of common stock of
a peer group index comprised of Denison Mines Corp., Paladin Energy Ltd., Uranium Resources, Inc. Peninsula Energy Ltd.,
Cameco Corp., and Energy Fuels Inc. (ii) the cumulative return on the Russell 2000 Index. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data  

The following tables provide selected
financial data for each of the past five fiscal years, and should be read in conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated
financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as presented under Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. These historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets  

Consolidated Statements of Operations  

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following management s discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations contain forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among others, statements regarding our capital needs, business plans and expectations.
In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions set forth
in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the SEC and, including, without limitation, this Form 10-K filing
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained herein. These
factors, or any one of them, may cause our actual results or actions in the future to differ materially from any forward-looking
statement made in this document. Refer to  Cautionary Note Regarding   Forward-Looking Statements  and Item 1A.
Risk Factors.  

Introduction  

The following discussion summarizes our
results of operations for each of the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 ( Fiscal 2016 ,  Fiscal
2015  and  Fiscal 2014 , respectively) and our financial condition as at July 31, 2016 and 2015, with a particular
emphasis on Fiscal 2016, our most recently completed fiscal year. 

Business  

We operate in a single reportable segment
and since 2004, as more fully described under  General Business  of Item 1. Business, we have been engaged in uranium
mining and related activities, including exploration, pre-extraction, extraction and processing, on uranium projects located in
the United States and Paraguay. 

We utilize ISR mining where possible which
we believe, when compared to conventional open pit or underground mining, requires lower capital and operating expenditures with
a shorter lead time to extraction and a reduced impact on the environment. We have one uranium mine located in the State of Texas,
the Palangana Mine, which utilizes ISR mining and commenced extraction of U 3 O 8 , or yellowcake, in November
2010. We have one uranium processing facility located in the State of Texas, the Hobson Processing Facility, which processes material
from the Palangana Mine into drums of U 3 O 8 , our only sales product and source of revenue, for shipping to
a third-party storage and sales facility. At July 31, 2016, we had no uranium supply or  off-take  agreements in place. 

Our fully-licensed and 100%-owned Hobson
Processing Facility forms the basis for our regional operating strategy in the State of Texas, specifically the South Texas Uranium
Belt where we utilize ISR mining. We utilize a  hub-and-spoke  strategy whereby the Hobson Processing Facility, which
has a physical capacity to process uranium-loaded resins up to a total of two million pounds of U 3 O 8  annually
and is licensed to process up to one million pounds of U 3 O 8  annually, acts as the central processing site
(the  hub ) for our Palangana Mine and future satellite uranium mining activities, such as our Burke Hollow and Goliad
Projects, located within the South Texas Uranium Belt (the  spokes ). 

We also hold certain mineral rights in
various stages in the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Texas and in the Republic of Paraguay, many of which are located
in historically successful mining areas and have been the subject of past exploration and pre-extraction activities by other mining
companies. We do not expect, however, to utilize ISR mining for all of our mineral rights in which case we would expect to rely
on conventional open pit and/or underground mining techniques. 

Our operating and strategic framework
is based on expanding our uranium extraction activities, which includes advancing certain uranium projects with established mineralized
materials towards uranium extraction, and establishing additional mineralized materials on our existing uranium projects or through
acquisition of additional uranium projects. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company 

entered into a Second Amended and Restated Agreement with our Lenders and extended the $20,000,000 senior
secured credit facility by deferring required principal payments to February 1, 2019 and by extending the maturity date to January
1, 2020;   

continued
                                         to advance development of Production Area Authorization ( PAA ) 4 of the
                                         Palangana Mine;   

continued
                                         to advance exploration and permitting activities at the Burke Hollow Project;   

continued
                                         permitting work at the Anderson Project;   

appointed
                                         former United States Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham as Executive Chairman of the Company s
                                         Board of Directors; and   

appointed
                                         Pat Obara as the Company s Chief Financial Officer.   

Key Issues  

Since commencing uranium extraction at
the Palangana Mine in November 2010 to July 31, 2016, we have been focused primarily on expanding our South Texas uranium mining
activities and establishing additional uranium mines through exploration and pre-extraction activities and direct acquisitions
in both the United States and Paraguay, all of which require us to manage numerous challenges, risks and uncertainties inherent
in our business and operations as more fully described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our operations are capital intensive, and
we will require significant additional financing to continue with our exploration and pre-extraction activities and acquire additional
uranium projects. Historically, we have been reliant primarily on equity financings from the sale of our common stock and, for
Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2013, on debt financing in order to fund our operations. We have also relied on cash flows generated from
our mining activities during Fiscal 2015, Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012, however, we have yet to achieve profitability or develop
positive cash flow from operations. Our reliance on equity and debt financings is expected to continue for the foreseeable future,
and their availability whenever such additional financing is required will be dependent on many factors beyond our control including,
but not limited to, the market price of uranium, the continuing public support of nuclear power as a viable source of electricity
generation, the volatility in the global financial markets affecting our stock price and the status of the worldwide economy, any
one of which may cause significant challenges in our ability to access additional financing, including access to the equity and
credit markets. We may also be required to seek other forms of financing, such as asset divestitures or joint venture arrangements,
to continue advancing our uranium projects which would depend entirely on finding a suitable third party willing to enter into
such an arrangement, typically involving an assignment of a percentage interest in the mineral project. However, there is no assurance
that we will be successful in securing any form of additional financing when required and on terms favorable to us. Our inability
to obtain additional financing would have a negative impact on our operations, including delays, curtailment or abandonment of
any one or all of our uranium projects. 

We have not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable 
feasibility study for any of our mineral projects. We have established the existence of mineralized materials for certain uranium
projects, including the Palangana Mine. Since we commenced uranium extraction at the Palangana Mine without having established
proven or probable reserves, there may be greater inherent uncertainty as to whether or not any mineralized material can be economically
extracted as originally planned and anticipated. The Palangana Mine has been our sole source for the U 3 O 8 
sold to generate our sales revenues during Fiscal 2015, 2013 and 2012, with no sales revenues generated during Fiscal 2016, Fiscal
2014 or for any periods prior to Fiscal 2012. The economic viability of our mining activities, including the expected duration
and profitability of the Palangana Mine and of any future satellite ISR mines, such as the Burke Hollow and Goliad Projects, located
within the South Texas Uranium Belt, has many risks and uncertainties. These include, but are not limited to: (i) a significant,
prolonged decrease in the market price of uranium; (ii) difficulty in marketing and/or selling uranium concentrates; (iii) significantly
higher than expected capital costs to construct the mine and/or processing plant; (iv) significantly higher than expected extraction
costs; (v) significantly lower than expected uranium extraction; (vi) significant delays, reductions or stoppages of uranium extraction
activities; and (vii) the introduction of significantly more stringent regulatory laws and regulations. Our mining activities
may change as a result of any one or more of these risks and uncertainties and there is no assurance that any ore body that we
extract mineralized materials from will result in achieving and maintaining profitability and developing positive cash flow. 

Uranium extraction at the Palangana Mine
continued to operate at a reduced pace since implementing our strategic plan in September 2013 to align our operations to a weak
uranium market in a challenging post-Fukushima environment. This strategy has included the deferral of major pre-extraction expenditures
and remaining in a state of operational readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium prices. At July 31, 2016, we had no
uranium supply or  off-take  agreements in place. Future sales of U 3 O 8  are therefore expected
to generally occur through the uranium spot market, with any fluctuations in the market price continuing to have a direct impact
on our revenues and cash flows. The table below provides the high/low/average/close for the uranium spot price for each of the
last five fiscal years ended July 31 as obtained from The Ux Consulting Company, LLC: 

Historically, the uranium spot price has
been difficult to predict and subject to significant volatility, and will continue to be affected by numerous factors beyond our
control. 

Mineral Rights and Properties  

The following is a summary of significant
activities by project during Fiscal 2016: 

Texas: Palangana Mine  

During Fiscal 2016, we continued with
our strategic plan for reduced operations implemented in Fiscal 2014 and continued reduced operations at the Palangana Mine to
capture residual uranium only. 

Wellfield design for the first module
at PAA-4, which is fully-permitted for uranium extraction, continued to advance. At July 31, 2016, a total of 214 drill holes
have been completed relating to PAA-4 for mineral trend exploration, delineation and monitor wells. 

Texas: Burke Hollow Project  

During Fiscal 2016, 49 exploration holes
totaling 25,020 feet were drilled at the Burke Hollow Project to depths ranging from 420 feet to 640 feet, with an average depth
of 511 feet. At July 31, 2016, a total of 575 exploration holes, including 30 regional baseline monitor wells, totaling 271,520
feet have been drilled to depths ranging from160 feet to 1,100 feet, with an average depth of 472 feet. 

With the recent issuance of two Class
I disposal well permits, permitting activities continued on the Mine Area, Aquifer Exemption and Radioactive Material License
applications. The draft Mine Area permit and Aquifer Exemption have been issued while the Radioactive Material License application
remains under technical review by Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. The spring ecological assessment for the eastern
trend extension has been completed, and the fall ecological assessment was scheduled for the end of September 2016 anticipating
wellfield expansion of the eastern trend. 

Arizona: Anderson Project  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company completed
work on the Bureau of Land Management Notice of Intent permit, which was submitted for review in December 2015, and approved by
the BLM in March 2016. 

Asset Acquisition  

On March 4, 2016, the Company entered
into a share purchase and option agreement (the  SPOA ) with CIC Resources Inc. (the  Vendor ) pursuant
to which the Company acquired (the  Acquisition ) all of the issued and outstanding shares of JDL Resources Inc. ( JDL ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Vendor, and was granted an option (the  Option ) to acquire all of the issued and
outstanding shares of CIC Resources (Paraguay) Inc. ( CIC ), another wholly-owned subsidiary of the Vendor.  JDL s
principal assets include land located in the department of Alto Parana in the Republic of Paraguay.  CIC is the beneficial
owner of Paraguay Resources Inc.   which   is the 100% owner
of certain titanium mineral concessions (the  Property ), which are located in the departments of Alto Parana and
Canindey  in the Republic of Paraguay. 

Pursuant to the SPOA, the Company issued
1,333,560 restricted common shares in the capital of the Company and paid $50,000 in cash to complete the Acquisition. If the Company
has paid or caused to have paid on the Vendor s behalf certain maintenance payments and assessment work required to keep
the Property in good standing as directed by the Vendor, during the one-year period following completion of the Acquisition (the
 Option Period ), the Company may elect in its discretion to exercise the Option at any time, or if, in accordance
with the SPOA, the Vendor satisfies certain conditions precedent to exercise, the Company will be deemed to have exercised the
Option.  Upon exercise of the Option the Company is required to pay, subject to certain adjustments, $250,000 in cash to the
Vendor and to grant to the Vendor a 1.5% net smelter returns royalty (the  Royalty ) on the Property as contemplated
by a proposed net smelter returns royalty agreement (the  Royalty Agreement ) to be executed by the parties upon exercise
of the Option.  Pursuant to the proposed Royalty Agreement, the Company has the right, exercisable at any time for a period
of six years following exercise of the Option, to acquire 0.5% of the Royalty at a purchase price of $500,000. 

Refer to Note 6: Other Long-Term Asset
and Liability of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2016. 

Results of Operations for the Fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014  

For Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal
2014, we recorded a net loss of $17,329,872 ($0.16 per share), $23,361,928 ($0.25 per share) and $25,975,107 ($0.29 per share),
respectively. Costs and expenses during Fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $14,331,743, $23,415,842 and $22,836,594, respectively. 

During Fiscal 2015, sales of U 3 O 8
 totaled 80,000 generating sales revenues of $3,080,000, with corresponding cost of sales of $2,326,674. No revenue from
U 3 O 8  sales was generated during Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2014. 

Uranium Extraction Activities   

During Fiscal 2014, uranium extraction
at the Palangana Mine and processing of those materials at the Hobson Processing Facility continued in South Texas, but at a reduced
pace as part of a strategic plan to align our operations to adapt to the existing uranium market in a challenging post-Fukushima
environment. 

During Fiscal 2015, we continued with
our strategic plan for reduced operations implemented in Fiscal 2014. Uranium extraction at PAA-1, 2 and 3 at the Palangana Mine
continued to operate at a reduced pace.  Pre-extraction activities at other PAAs of the Palangana Mine continued as planned,
including the completion of PAA-4 permitting activities which is now fully-permitted for future uranium extraction. 

During Fiscal 2016, we further reduced
operations at the Palangana Mine to capture residual uranium only.  As a result, no U 3 O 8  was processed
at the Hobson Processing Facility, and only minimal extraction or processing costs were capitalized to inventories. 

While we remain in a state of operational
readiness, uranium extraction expenditures incurred for PAA-1, 2 and 3 directly related to regulatory/mine permit compliance,
lease maintenance obligations and maintaining a minimum labor force will be charged to the consolidated statement of operations. 

As a result, during Fiscal 2016, the Palangana
Mine captured 2,000 pounds of residual uranium during the process of maintaining operational readiness and no uranium concentrates
were processed at the Hobson Processing Facility. During Fiscal 2015, the Palangana Mine extracted 16,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 
(Fiscal 2014: 44,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 ), and the Hobson Processing Facility processed 18,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 
(Fiscal 2014: 43,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 ). 

Since commencing uranium extraction at
the Palangana Mine in November 2010 to July 31, 2016, the Hobson Processing Facility has processed finished goods representing
578,000 pounds of U 3 O 8 , of which 570,000 pounds have been sold, resulting in a finished goods-inventory
balance of 8,000 pounds of U 3 O 8  as of July 31, 2015 and 2016. 

At July 31, 2016, the total value of inventories
was $275,316 of which $200,043 (73%) represented the value of finished goods of U 3 O 8 , $61,519 (22%) represented
the value of work-in-progress and $13,754 (5%) represented the value of supplies. The cash component of the total value of inventories
was $234,034 and the non-cash component of the total value of inventory was $41,282. During Fiscal 2016, no inventory write-down
to net realizable value was recorded. 

At July 31, 2015, the total value of inventories
was $251,999 of which $200,043 (79%) represented the value of finished goods of U 3 O 8 , $35,398 (14%) represented
the value of work-in-progress and $16,558 (7%) represented the value of supplies. The cash component of the total value of inventories
was $210,717 and the non-cash component of the total value of inventory was $41,282. During Fiscal 2015, no inventory write-down
to net realizable value was recorded. 

Cash and non-cash components of the total
value of inventories represent non-US GAAP financial measures which we believe are important in evaluating our operating results
not only for management but for our investors. We use these measures to compare our performance with other mining companies and
rely upon them as part of management s decision-making process. 

Costs and Expenses   

During Fiscal 2016, costs and expenses
totaled $14,331,743 (Fiscal 2015: $23,415,842; Fiscal 2014: $22,836,594), comprised of cost of sales of $Nil (Fiscal 2015: $2,326,674;
Fiscal 2014: $Nil), inventory write-down of $Nil (Fiscal 2015: $Nil; Fiscal 2014: $804,060), mineral property expenditures of $4,061,159
(Fiscal 2015: $5,706,080; Fiscal 2014: $9,160,648), general and administrative of $9,297,746 (Fiscal 2015: $13,230,840; Fiscal
2014: $9,825,796), depreciation, amortization and accretion of $875,724 (Fiscal 2015: $1,802,443; Fiscal 2014: $2,392,866) and
impairment loss on mineral properties of $97,114 (Fiscal 2015: $349,805; Fiscal 2014: $653,224). 

Cost of sales of U 3 O 8
 is determined using the average cost per pound in inventories at the end of the month prior to the month in which the sale
occurs, and includes royalties and other direct selling costs. 

Mineral Property Expenditures  

During Fiscal 2016, mineral property expenditures
totaled $4,061,159 (Fiscal 2015: $5,706,080; Fiscal 2014: $9,160,648), comprised of expenditures relating to permitting, property
maintenance, exploration and pre-extraction activities and all other non-extraction related activities on our uranium projects. 

During Fiscal 2016, the asset
retirement obligations ( ARO ) of the Palangana Mine were revised due to changes in the estimated timing of
restoration and reclamation of the Palangana Mine, resulting in the corresponding mineral rights and properties being reduced
by $144,107, and a credit amount of revaluation of ARO totaling $308,398 being recorded against the mineral property
expenditures for the Palangana Mine. Refer to Note 9, Asset Retirement Obligations to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for Fiscal 2016. 

For Fiscal 2016, this amount includes
uranium extraction expenditures directly related to maintaining operational readiness and permitting compliance at the Palangana
Mine and Hobson Processing Facility of $1,616,786 (Fiscal 2015: $1,920,787; Fiscal 2014: $2,613,333). 

The following table provides a breakdown
of mineral property expenditures by uranium mine/project during the past three fiscal years: 

The following is a breakdown of mineral
property expenditures by major category for each uranium mine/project: 

Palangana
                                         Mine   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Palangana Mine totaled $1,273,002, which were comprised of: permitting and property maintenance of
$31,468 (Fiscal 2015: $124,288; Fiscal 2014: $195,964), exploration expenditures of $52,270 (Fiscal 2015: $190,362; Fiscal 2014:
$180,122), plant development of $3,454 (Fiscal 2015: $1,012; Fiscal 2014: $87,755), wellfield development of $1,428 (Fiscal 2015:
$134,571; Fiscal 2014: $179,412), disposal well development of $Nil (Fiscal 2015: $242,721; Fiscal 2014: $Nil) and maintenance
of operational readiness and permitting compliance of $1,184,382 (Fiscal 2015: $1,454,339; Fiscal 2014: $1,923,517); 

Goliad
                                         Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Goliad Project totaled $92,588, which were comprised of: permitting and property maintenance of $14,494
(Fiscal 2015: $18,723; Fiscal 2014: $288,014), exploration expenditures of $9,505 (Fiscal 2015: $17,027; Fiscal 2014: $350,866),
plant development of $66,053 (Fiscal 2015: $68,983; Fiscal 2014: $829,700) and wellfield development of $2,536 (Fiscal 2015: $549;
Fiscal 2014: $279,039); 

Burke
                                         Hollow Project   

During Fiscal
2016, mineral property expenditures at the Burke Hollow Project totaled $1,034,888, which were comprised of: permitting and property
maintenance of $79,911 (Fiscal 2015: $430,717; Fiscal 2014: $339,640) and exploration expenditures of $954,977 (Fiscal 2015: $885,604;
Fiscal 2014: $1,754,449); 

Longhorn
                                         Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Longhorn Project totaled $10,149 (Fiscal 2015: $66,135; Fiscal 2014: $71,497) mainly for property
maintenance; 

Salvo
                                         Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Salvo Project totaled $34,289 (Fiscal 2015: $54,462; Fiscal 2014: $14,384) mainly for property maintenance; 

Anderson
                                         Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Anderson Project totaled $178,212, which were comprised of: permitting and property maintenance of
$128,532 (Fiscal 2015: $192,400; Fiscal 2014: $83,851) and exploration expenditures of $49,680 (Fiscal 2015: $48,119; Fiscal 2014:
$170,989); 

Workman
                                         Creek Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Workman Creek Project totaled $32,820 (Fiscal 2015: $31,702; Fiscal 2014: $32,290) mainly for property
maintenance; 

Slick
                                         Rock Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Slick Rock Project totaled $53,861 (Fiscal 2015: $53,313; Fiscal 2014: $66,525) mainly for property
maintenance; 

Yuty
                                         Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Yuty Project totaled $388,840, which were comprised of: permitting and property maintenance of $263,756
(Fiscal 2015: $230,280; Fiscal 2014: $192,953) and exploration expenditures of $125,084 (Fiscal 2015: $162,599; Fiscal 2014: $258,511);
and 

Coronel
                                         Oviedo Project   

During Fiscal 2016, mineral
property expenditures at the Coronel Oviedo Project totaled $569,077, which were comprised of: permitting and property maintenance
of $270,212 (Fiscal 2015: $243,202; Fiscal 2014: $150,000) and exploration expenditures of $298,865 (Fiscal 2015: $321,299; Fiscal
2014: $609,804). 

General and Administrative  

During Fiscal 2016, general and administrative
expenses totaled $9,297,746 (Fiscal 2015: $13,230,840; Fiscal 2014: $9,825,796), a decrease of $3,933,094 during Fiscal 2016 compared
to Fiscal 2015 and an increase of $3,405,044 during Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014. General and administrative expenses are
comprised of salaries, management and consulting fees of $2,181,859 (Fiscal 2015: $3,009,974; Fiscal 2014: $3,446,206); office,
filling and listing fees, insurance, investor relations and travel of $2,651,768 (Fiscal 2015: $3,018,332; Fiscal 2014: $3,325,020),
professional fees of $1,379,956 (Fiscal 2015: $1,584,786; Fiscal 2014: $1,745,120) and stock-based compensation expense of $3,084,163
(Fiscal 2015: $5,617,748; Fiscal 2014: $1,309,450). 

The following summary provides a discussion
of the major expense categories, including analyses of the factors that caused any significant variances from year-to-year: 

Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion  

During Fiscal 2016, depreciation, amortization
and accretion totaled $875,724, which decreased by $926,719 compared to $1,802,443 during Fiscal 2015. This decrease was primarily
the result of the discontinuation of depletion and/or depreciation of the Palangana Mine and Hobson Processing Facility due to
further reduced operations, combined with the effects of certain property and equipment reaching full depletion and/or depreciation. 

During Fiscal 2015, depreciation, amortization
and accretion totaled $1,802,443, which decreased by $590,423 compared to $2,392,866 during Fiscal 2014, due primarily to the
effects of extensions in the estimated useful lives relating to the Palangana Mine and certain property and equipment reaching
full depletion and depreciation. 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion
include depreciation and amortization of long-term assets acquired in the normal course of operations and accretion of asset retirement
obligations. 

Impairment Loss on Mineral Properties  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company abandoned
certain mineral interests at projects located in Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming having a combined acquisition cost of $97,114.
As a result, an impairment loss on mineral properties of $97,114 was reported on the consolidated statement of operations. 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company abandoned
certain mineral interests which were outside of the previously established mineralize materials at the Salvo Project with a combined
acquisition cost of $349,805. As a result, an impairment loss on mineral property of $349,805 was reported on the consolidated
statement of operations. 

During Fiscal 2014, the Company abandoned
the Channen Project located in Texas with an acquisition cost of $428,164, the Todilto Project located in New Mexico with an acquisition
cost of $166,720 and certain other interests located in Arizona, Colorado and Texas with a combined acquisition cost of $58,340.
As a result, an impairment loss on mineral properties of $653,224 was reported on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Other Income and Expenses   

Interest and Finance Costs   

During Fiscal 2016, interest and finance
costs totaled $3,005,391 (Fiscal 2015: $3,071,235; Fiscal 2014: $2,893,816), comprised primarily of interest on long-term debt
of $1,626,667 (Fiscal 2015: $1,622,222; Fiscal 2014: $1,372,222) and amortization of debt discount of $1,245,615 (Fiscal 2015:
$1,353,773; Fiscal 2014: $1,498,858). 

During Fiscal 2016, interest on long-term
debt totaled $1,626,667 (Fiscal 2015: $1,622,222; Fiscal 2014: $1,498,858). Interest on long-term debt was consistent during Fiscal
2016 compared to Fiscal 2015, while increased by $250,000 during Fiscal 2015 compared to $1,372,222 during Fiscal 2014, primarily
the result of interest on the second $10 million funding received in March 2014 for a total of $20 million received under the Credit
Facility. 

During Fiscal 2016, amortization of the
debt discount totaled $1,245,615 (Fiscal 2015: $1,353,773; Fiscal 2014: $1,498,858), which decreased by $108,158 during Fiscal
2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 and by $145,085 during Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014. The decreases were primarily the result
of the term extension under the Second Amended Credit Facility in Fiscal 2016 and the Amended Credit Facility in Fiscal 2014. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At July 31, 2016, we had working capital of
$6,178,194, which remained at the same level as the working capital of $6,246,920 at July 31, 2015. At July 31, 2016, we had $7,142,571
(July 31, 2015: $10,092,408) in cash and cash equivalents which continues to represent the largest component of our working capital
balance. As a result, our working capital balance will fluctuate significantly as we utilize our cash and cash equivalents to
fund our operations including exploration and pre-extraction activities. 

The continuation of the Company as a going
concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate additional financing which we have successfully secured since inception,
including those from asset divestitures. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing any form of additional
financing in the future when required and on terms favorable to the Company, therefore substantial doubt exists as to whether
our cash resources and working capital will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue its operations for the next twelve
months. The continued operations of the Company, including the recoverability of the carrying values of its assets, are dependent
ultimately on the Company s ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from its operations. Refer
to Note 1: Nature of Operations and Going Concern of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2016. 

During Fiscal 2016, uranium extraction at
PAA-1, 2 and 3 operated at a further reduced pace since implementing our strategic plan in September 2013 to align our operations
to a weak uranium market in a challenging post-Fukushima environment. This strategy has included the deferral of major pre-extraction
expenditures and remaining in a state of operational readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium prices. 

Although our planned principal operations
commenced in Fiscal 2012 from which significant revenues from U 3 O 8  sales have been realized, our revenues
generated from U 3 O 8  sales have been inconsistent and we have yet to achieve profitability. We have a history
of operating losses resulting in an accumulated deficit balance since inception. In Fiscal 2016, our net loss totaled $17,329,872
(Fiscal 2015: $23,361,928; Fiscal 2014: $25,975,107) and we had an accumulated deficit balance of $209,353,946 at July 31, 2016.
During Fiscal 2016, we had net cash outflows of $2,949,837 (Fiscal 2015: $1,252,516, net cash inflows; Fiscal 2014: $5,331,915,
net cash outflows). Furthermore, we do not expect to achieve and maintain profitability or develop positive cash flow from our
operations in the near term. 

Historically, we have been reliant primarily
on equity financings from the sale of our common stock and, during Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2013, on debt financing in order to fund
our operations. As detailed in the preceding paragraph, we have also relied to a limited extent on cash flows generated from our
mining activities during Fiscal 2015, Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012, however, we have yet to achieve profitability or develop positive
cash flow from operations, and we do not expect to achieve profitability or develop positive cash flow from operations in the near
term. Our reliance on equity and debt financings is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and their availability whenever
such additional financing is required will be dependent on many factors beyond our control including, but not limited to, the market
price of uranium, the continuing public support of nuclear power as a viable source of electricity generation, the volatility in
the global financial markets affecting our stock price and the status of the worldwide economy, any one of which may cause significant
challenges in our ability to access additional financing, including access to the equity and credit markets. We may also be required
to seek other forms of financing, such as asset divestitures or joint venture arrangements to continue advancing our uranium projects
which would depend entirely on finding a suitable third party willing to enter into such an arrangement, typically involving an
assignment of a percentage interest in the mineral project. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing
any form of additional financing when required and on terms favorable to us. 

Our operations are capital intensive and future
capital expenditures are expected to be substantial. We will require significant additional financing to fund our operations,
including continuing with our exploration and pre-extraction activities and acquiring additional uranium projects. In the absence
of such additional financing, we would not be able to fund our operations, including continuing with our exploration and pre-extraction
activities, which may result in delays, curtailment or abandonment of any one or all of our uranium projects. 

For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017 ( Fiscal
2017 ), we estimate that a total of up to $2.0 million will be incurred on our uranium projects for exploration and pre-extraction
activities, such as permitting and drilling including related labor. We hold mineral rights in the States of Arizona, Colorado,
New Mexico, and Texas and the Republic of Paraguay with annual land-related payments totaling $1.5 million to maintain these rights
in good standing. 

If the Company elects to exercise the Option
in accordance with the SPOA, the Company is required to pay $250,000 in cash to the Vendor to acquire the titanium mineral concessions
located in the departments of Alto Parana and Canindey  in the Republic of Paraguay. These titanium mineral concessions
will require annual maintenance fees totaling $152,000. 

Our anticipated operations including exploration
and pre-extraction activities, however, will be dependent on and may change as a result of our financial position, the market
price of uranium and other considerations, and such change may include accelerating the pace or broadening the scope of reducing
our operations as originally announced in September 2013. Our ability to secure adequate funding for these activities will be
impacted by our operating performance, other uses of cash, the market price of uranium, the market price of our common stock and
other factors which may be beyond our control. Specific examples of such factors include, but are not limited to: 

if
                                         the weakness in the market price of uranium experienced in Fiscal 2016 continues or weakens
                                         further during Fiscal 2017;   

if
                                         the weakness in the market price of our common stock experienced in Fiscal 2016 continues
                                         or weakens further during Fiscal 2017;   

if we default on making scheduled payments of principal, interest and fees and complying with the restrictive
covenants as required under our Credit Facility during Fiscal 2017, and it results in accelerated repayment of our indebtedness
and/or enforcement by the Lenders against certain key assets securing our indebtedness; and   

if
                                         another nuclear incident, such as the events that occurred at Fukushima in March 2011,
                                         were to occur during Fiscal 2017, continuing public support of nuclear power as a viable
                                         source of electricity generation may be adversely affected, which may result in significant
                                         and adverse effects on both the nuclear and uranium industries.   

Our long-term success, including the recoverability
of the carrying values of our assets and our ability to acquire additional uranium projects and continue with exploration and
pre-extraction activities and mining activities on our existing uranium projects, will depend ultimately on our ability to achieve
and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from our operations by establishing ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable
uranium and to develop these into profitable mining activities. The economic viability of our mining activities, including the
expected duration and profitability of the Palangana Mine and of any future satellite ISR mines, such as the Burke Hollow and
Goliad Projects, located within the South Texas Uranium Belt, has many risks and uncertainties. These include, but are not limited
to: (i) a significant, prolonged decrease in the market price of uranium; (ii) difficulty in marketing and/or selling uranium
concentrates; (iii) significantly higher than expected capital costs to construct the mine and/or processing plant; (iv) significantly
higher than expected extraction costs; (v) significantly lower than expected uranium extraction; (vi) significant delays, reductions
or stoppages of uranium extraction activities; and (vii) the introduction of significantly more stringent regulatory laws and
regulations. Our mining activities may change as a result of any one or more of these risks and uncertainties and there is no
assurance that any ore body that we extract mineralized materials from will result in profitable mining activities. 

Equity Financings   

During Fiscal 2014, we filed a Form S-3  Shelf 
Registration Statement effective January 10, 2014 (the  2014 Shelf ) providing for the public offer and sale of certain
securities of the Company from time to time, at our discretion, up to an aggregate offering of $100 million. 

On March 10, 2016, the Company completed a
direct registered offering of 12,364,704 units at a price of $0.85 per unit for gross proceeds of $10,510,000 pursuant to a prospectus
supplement to the 2014 Shelf. Each unit was comprised of one share of the Company and one-half of one share purchase warrant,
with each whole warrant being exercisable at a price of $1.20 to purchase one share of the Company for a three year period. 

On June 25, 2015, the Company completed a
public offering of 5,000,000 units at a price of $2.00 per unit for gross proceeds of $10,000,000 pursuant to a prospectus supplement
to the 2014 Shelf. Each unit was comprised of one share of the Company and one-half of one share purchase warrant, with each whole
warrant exercisable at a price of $2.35 for a three-year period to purchase one share of the Company totaling 2,500,000 shares.
In connection with this offering, the Company issued share purchase warrants to the agents to purchase 350,000 shares of the Company
exercisable at a price of $2.35 per share for a three year period. 

At July 31, 2016, a total of $35.1 million
of the 2014 Shelf was utilized through the following registered offerings and sales of units, with a remaining available balance
of $64.9 million under the 2014 Shelf: 

on
                                         June 25, 2015: $10.0 million in gross proceeds through an offering of units consisting
                                         of the Company s shares and share purchase warrants and $6.7 million representing
                                         the aggregate exercise price of those share purchase warrants and agents  share
                                         purchase warrants should they be exercised in full; and   

on
                                         March 10, 2016: $10.5 million in gross proceeds through an offering of units consisting
                                         of the Company s shares and share purchase warrants and $7.9 million representing
                                         the aggregate exercise price of those share purchase warrants and agents  share
                                         purchase warrants should they be exercised in full.   

On October 23, 2013, we completed a public
offer and sale of 3,380,954 units of the Company at a price of $2.10 per unit for gross proceeds of $7.1 million pursuant to a
prospectus supplement to our previously filed Form S-3  Shelf  Registration Statement which was effective on September
2, 2011 (the  2011 Shelf ). Each unit was comprised of one share of the Company and 0.55 of one share purchase warrant,
with each whole warrant exercisable at a price of $2.60 for a three-year period to purchase one additional share of the Company
totaling 1,859,524 shares. 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company completed
a public offer and sale of 280,045 shares at a price of $1.70 per share for gross proceeds of $474,788 under the 2011 Shelf through
an  at-the-market  offerings pursuant to a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement effective December 31, 2013 between
Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. and the Company.  

The 2011 Shelf expired on September 2,
2014. As a result, no further public offer and sale of the Company s shares may be completed pursuant to an ATM Offering
under the 2011 Shelf. 

Debt Financing   

On February 9, 2016, the Company entered
into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with its lenders, Sprott Resource Lending Partnership, CEF (Capital Markets)
Limited and Resource Income Partners Limited Partnership (collectively, the  Lenders ), whereby the Company and the
Lenders agreed to certain further amendments to the $20,000,000 senior secured credit facility (the  Credit Facility ),
under which: 

The Credit Facility is non-revolving with
an amended term of 6.5 years maturing on January 1, 2020, subject to an interest rate of 8% per annum, compounded and payable
on a monthly basis. Monthly principal repayments equal to one twelfth of the principal balance then outstanding are required to
commence on February 1, 2019. 

We are required to use the proceeds of the
Credit Facility for the development, operation and maintenance of the Hobson Processing Facility, the Goliad Project and the Palangana
Mine and for working capital purposes. 

The Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement supersedes, in their entirety, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement of March 13, 2014 and the Credit Agreement dated
of July 30, 2013 with the Lenders. 

Refer to  Long-Term Debt Obligations 
under Material Commitments and to Note 8: Long-Term Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2016. 

Operating Activities    

During Fiscal 2016, net cash used in operating
activities was $13,080,607 (Fiscal 2015: $12,275,237; Fiscal 2014: $21,268,103). During Fiscal 2015, we received cash proceeds
of $3,080,000 from U 3 O 8  sales totaling 80,000 pounds No cash proceeds were received from sales of U 3 O 8 
during Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2014. Significant operating expenditures included uranium extraction costs, mineral property expenditures
and general and administrative expenses. 

Financing Activities    

During Fiscal 2016, net cash provided by
financing activities was $10,194,972 (Fiscal 2015: $9,653,956; Fiscal 2014: $15,898,384). During Fiscal 2016, we received net proceeds
of $10,209,632 (Fiscal 2015: $9,650,530; Fiscal 2014: $6,342,254) from the issuance of shares of common stock for equity financings
and the exercise of stock options. During Fiscal 2014, we received net proceeds of $9,555,467 in a second drawdown from the $20
million senior secured Credit Facility under the then Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 

Investing Activities    

During Fiscal 2016, net cash used in investing
activities was $64,202 (Fiscal 2015: $3,873,797 provided by; Fiscal 2014: $37,804 used in). During Fiscal 2016, we paid net cash
totaling $46,084 in an asset acquisition. During Fiscal 2016, we acquired mineral rights and properties of $Nil (Fiscal 2015:
$78,626; Fiscal 2014: $161,800) and purchased equipment totaling $18,934 (Fiscal 2015: $23,041; Fiscal 2014: $163,276). During
Fiscal 2015, we secured surety bonds for certain reclamation obligations which resulted in the release of $5,663,158 in gross
proceeds from reclamation deposits, offset by the payment of collateral for the surety bonds of $1,690,208. During Fiscal 2014,
we received a reclamation deposit refund of $362,280 for the release of the Mount Lucas Project to unrestricted use. 

Stock Options and Warrants   

At July 31, 2016, the Company had stock options
outstanding representing 12,105,858 common shares at a weighted-average exercise price of $1.34 per share and share purchase warrants
outstanding representing 13,953,872 common shares at a weighted-average exercise price of $1.65 per share. At July 31, 2016, outstanding
stock options and warrants represented a total 26,059,730 common shares issuable for gross proceeds of approximately $39,330,000
should these stock options and warrants be exercised in full. At July 31, 2016, outstanding in-the-money stock options and warrants
represented a total 2,897,634 common shares exercisable for gross proceeds of approximately $2,110,000 should these in-the-money
stock options and warrants be exercised in full. The exercise of these stock options and warrants is at the discretion of the
respective holders and, accordingly, there is no assurance that any of these stock options or warrants will be exercised in the
future. 

Plan of Operations  

For Fiscal 2017, uranium extraction at PAA-1,
2 and 3 of the Palangana Mine is expected to continue being operated at a reduced pace, including the deferral of major pre-extraction
expenditures and to remain in a state of operational readiness in anticipation of a recovery in uranium prices.  In terms
of future growth, exploration and/or pre-extraction including permitting activities at other PAAs of the Palangana Mine and at
the Burke Hollow Project are expected to continue. 

Material Commitments  

Long-Term Debt Obligations   

The Credit Facility described above under
 Debt Financing  requires scheduled payments of principal, interest and fees and includes restrictive covenants that, among
other things, limit our ability to sell the assets securing our indebtedness or to incur additional indebtedness other than permitted
indebtedness. Our ability to make these scheduled payments will be dependent on, and may change as a result of, our financial condition
and operating performance. If we become unable to make these scheduled payments or if we do not comply with any one or more of
these covenants, we could be in default which, if not addressed or waived, could require accelerated repayment of our indebtedness.
Furthermore, such default could result in the enforcement by our Lenders against the Company s assets securing our indebtedness.
These are key assets on which our business is substantially dependent and as such, the enforcement against any one or all of these
assets would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

At July 31, 2016, we complied with all
of the covenants under the Credit Facility, and we expect to continue complying with all scheduled payments and covenants during
Fiscal 2017. 

At July 31, 2016, we were renting or leasing
office premises in Texas, U.S.A, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and Paraguay for total monthly payments of $18,489. Office
lease agreements expire between July 2018 and March 2021 for the United States and Canada. 

Commitments for Management Services   

At July 31, 2016, we were committed to paying
our key executives a total of $823,000 per year for management services. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

For a complete summary of all of our significant
accounting policies, refer to Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
as presented under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities including contingencies as of the balance sheet date and the corresponding revenues and expenses for the period reported.
By their nature, these estimates and assumptions are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effect on the financial statements
of changes in such estimates and assumptions in future periods could be significant. Significant areas requiring management s
estimates and assumptions include determining the fair value of transactions involving shares of common stock, valuation and impairment
losses on mineral rights and properties, valuation of stock-based compensation, valuation of variable share forward contract,
net realizable value of inventory and valuation of long-term debt and asset retirement obligations. Other areas requiring estimates
include allocations of expenditures to inventories, depletion and amortization of mineral rights and properties and depreciation
of property, plant and equipment. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions. The following
summary provides a description of our critical accounting policies: 

Inventories   

Inventories are comprised of supplies, uranium
concentrates and work-in-progress. Expenditures include mining and processing activities that result in extraction of uranium
concentrates and depreciation and depletion charges. Mining and processing costs include labor, chemicals, directly attributable
uranium extraction expenditures and overhead related to uranium extraction. Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net
realizable value and are valued and charged to cost of sales using the average costing method. 

Mineral Rights and Exploration Stage   

Acquisition costs of mineral rights are initially
capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, are established for that project. Expenditures relating to exploration
activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such
time proven or probable reserves are established for that project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to mine development
activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. 

We have established the existence of mineralized
materials for certain uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. However, we have not established proven or probable reserves
for any of our uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves
for any of our uranium projects for which we plan on utilizing ISR mining, such as the Palangana Mine. As a result, and despite
the fact that we commenced extraction of mineralized materials at the Palangana Mine in November 2010, we remain in the Exploration
Stage as defined under Industry Guide 7, and will continue to remain in the Exploration Stage until such time proven or probable
reserves have been established. 

Companies in the Production Stage as defined
by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, having established proven and probable reserves and exited the Exploration Stage, typically
capitalize expenditures relating to ongoing development activities, with corresponding depletion calculated over proven and probable
reserves using the units-of-production method and allocated to future reporting periods to inventory and, as that inventory is
sold, to cost of goods sold. Since we are in the Exploration Stage, it has resulted in our reporting of larger losses than if
we had been in the Production Stage due to the expensing, instead of capitalization, of expenditures relating to ongoing mill
and mine development activities. Additionally, there would be no corresponding amortization allocated to our future reporting
periods since those costs would have been expensed previously, resulting in both lower inventory costs and cost of goods sold
and results of operations with higher gross profits and lower losses than if we had been in the Production Stage. Any capitalized
costs, such as expenditures relating to the acquisition of mineral rights, are depleted over the estimated extraction life using
the straight-line method. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable to the financial statements
of companies in the Production Stage. 

The carrying values of the mineral rights
are assessed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis and as required whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment
loss is recognized if it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. 

Restoration and Remediation Costs (Asset
Retirement Obligations)   

Various federal and state mining laws and
regulations require the Company to reclaim the surface areas and restore underground water quality for its mine projects to the
pre-existing mine area average quality after the completion of mining. 

Future reclamation and remediation costs,
which include extraction equipment removal and environmental remediation, are accrued at the end of each period based on management s
best estimate of the costs expected to be incurred for each project. Such estimates consider the costs of future surface and groundwater
activities, current regulations, actual expenses incurred, and technology and industry standards. 

In accordance with ASC 410: Asset Retirement
and Environmental Obligations, the Company capitalizes the measured fair value of asset retirement obligations to mineral rights
and properties. The asset retirement obligations are accreted to an undiscounted value until the time at which they are expected
to be settled. The accretion expense is charged to earnings and the actual retirement costs are recorded against the asset retirement
obligations when incurred. Any difference between the recorded asset retirement obligations and the actual retirement costs incurred
will be recorded as a gain or loss in the period of settlement. 

On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews
the assumptions used to estimate the expected cash flows required to settle the asset retirement obligations, including changes
in estimated probabilities, amounts and timing of the settlement of the asset retirement obligations, as well as changes in any
regulatory or legal obligations for each of its mineral projects. Changes in any one or more of these assumptions may cause revision
of asset retirement obligations and the corresponding assets. Revisions to the asset retirement obligations associated with fully
depleted projects (with a carrying value of $Nil) are charged to the statement of operations. 

Revenue Recognition   

The recognition of revenue from sales of uranium
concentrates is in accordance with the guidelines outlined in ASC Section 605-10-25, Revenue Recognition. The Company delivers
its uranium concentrates to a uranium storage facility and once the product is confirmed to meet the required specifications,
the Company receives credit for a specified quantity measured in pounds. Future sales of uranium concentrates are expected to
generally occur under uranium supply agreements or through the uranium spot market. Once a sale of uranium concentrates is negotiated,
the Company will notify the uranium storage facility with instructions for a title transfer to the customer. Revenue is recognized
once a title transfer of the uranium concentrates is confirmed by the uranium storage facility at which point the customer is
invoiced by the Company. 

Accounting Developments  

Other than as already disclosed under Note
2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as presented under Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, no recently adopted or recently issued accounting pronouncements are anticipated
to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Subsequent Event  

Other than as already disclosed elsewhere
in this Annual Report, the Company has no other subsequent events to report as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk   

Our exposure to market risks includes, but
is not necessarily limited to, equity price risk, uranium price risk, foreign currency risk, country risk and interest rate risk. 

Equity Price Risk  

We are subject to market risk related to the
market price of our common stock which trades on the NYSE MKT. Historically, we have relied upon equity financings from the sale
of our common stock to fund our operations. Movements in the price of our common stock have been volatile in the past and may
continue to be volatile in the future. As a result, there is risk that we may not be able to complete an equity financing at an
acceptable price when required. 

Uranium Price Risk  

We are subject to market risk related to the
market price of uranium. At July 31, 2016, we had no uranium supply or  off-take  agreements in place. Since future
sales of uranium concentrates are expected to generally occur through the uranium spot market, fluctuations in the market price
of uranium would have a direct impact on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. We do not use derivative financial
instruments for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our uranium price exposure to manage our uranium price risk. 

Foreign Currency Risk  

We are subject to market risk related to foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our functional currency is the United States dollar, however, a portion of our business is
transacted in other currencies including the Canadian dollar and the Paraguayan Guarani. To date, these fluctuations have not
had a material impact on our results of operations. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes,
nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure to manage our foreign currency fluctuation risk. 

Country Risk  

We are subject to market risk related to
our operations in foreign jurisdictions. We hold two significant uranium projects in Paraguay and an option to acquire a titanium
project. Operations in foreign jurisdictions outside of the U.S. and Canada, especially in developing countries, may be subject
to additional risks as they may have different political, regulatory, taxation, economic and cultural environments that may adversely
affect the value or continued viability of our rights. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Our term debt has fixed interest rates and
we have no significant exposure to interest rate fluctuation risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data  

Financial Statements  

The consolidated financial statements and
related information as listed below for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 are included in this Form 10-K beginning on page F-1: 

Reports
                                         of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm;   

Consolidated
                                         Balance Sheets;   

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss;   

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Cash Flows;   

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Stockholders  Equity; and   

Notes
                                         to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Supplementary Financial Information  

The selected unaudited financial data for
each of the quarters for the two most recent fiscal years are presented below: 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation
of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

It should be noted that any system of controls
is based in part upon certain assumptions designed to obtain reasonable (and not absolute) assurance as to its effectiveness,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section
404(a). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the
Company s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Due to its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As of July 31, 2016, management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in  Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that, as of July 31, 2016, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting was effective. 

The independent registered public accounting
firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report has issued an attestation report on the
Company s internal control over financial reporting which attestation report which appears herein. 

Changes in Internal Controls  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the
fourth fiscal quarter for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information  

Not applicable 

Part iii 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance  

Our directors and executive officers and their
respective ages as of October 10, 2016 are as follows: 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position with the Company   
 
     Amir Adnani 
       
     38 
       
     President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and a director  
 
     Spencer Abraham 
       
     63 
       
     Executive Chairman and a director  
 
     Ivan Obolensky 
       
     91 
       
     A director  
 
     Vincent Della Volpe 
       
     74 
       
     A director  
 
     David Kong 
       
     70 
       
     A director  
 
     Ganpat Mani 
       
     69 
       
     A director  
 
     Pat Obara 
       
     60 
       
     Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  
 
     Scott Melbye 
       
     54 
       
     Executive Vice President  

The following describes
the business experience of each of our directors, including other directorships held in reporting companies: 

Amir Adnani . Mr. Adnani is a
founder of the Company and has served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director since January 2005. Under his
leadership, the Company moved from concept to initial production in the U.S. in five years, and has developed a pipeline of
low-cost, near-term extraction projects. 

Mr. Adnani has been invited to speak at prominent
industry conferences organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency, World Nuclear Fuel Market and the Milken Institute.
He is a frequent contributor to the business media, including  The Wall Street Journal , Bloomberg, CNBC and Fox Business
News. 

Fortune  magazine distinguishes Mr. Adnani on their  40 Under 40, Ones to Watch  list of North American
executives. He is selected as one of  Mining s Future Leaders  by Mining Journal, a UK-based global industry
publication. He is recognized by Casey Research, a leading investment advisory publisher, as a top-ten leading mining industry
entrepreneur and executive. He is a nominee for Ernst   Young s  Entrepreneur of the Year  distinction. 

Mr. Adnani is the founder and Chairman
of Brazil Resources Inc.,  a publicly-listed gold property acquisition
and development company that has grown to control a sizeable portfolio of projects across the Americas. In addition, since June
2014, he has served as a director of Garnero Group Acquisition Company, a NASDAQ listed special purpose acquisition company (SPAC)
which completed a $144 million IPO in 2014 . Mr. Adnani holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of British
Columbia and is a director on the university s Alumni Association Board. 

The Board of Directors has concluded that
Mr. Adnani should serve as a director given his involvement with the Company since its inception and his experience in the uranium
industry. 

Spencer Abraham . Spencer Abraham has
served as the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors since October 2015 and served as the Chairman of our Advisory Board
from December 2012 to October 2015. Mr. Abraham is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Abraham Group LLC, an international
strategic consulting firm based in Washington, D.C. President George W. Bush selected Mr. Abraham as the tenth Secretary of Energy
of the United States in 2001. During his tenure at the Energy Department from 2001 to 2005, he developed policies and regulations
to ensure the nation s energy security, was responsible for the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve, oversaw domestic oil and
gas development policy and nuclear energy policy, developed relationships with international governments, including members of
the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and led the landmark nuclear nonproliferation HEU program between the United
States and Russia. Mr. Abraham served as a United States Senator for the State of Michigan from 1995 to 2001. 

Mr. Abraham has served as a director of Occidental
Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: OXY) since 2005, as a director of Two Harbors Investment Corp. (NYSE: TWO) since May 2014, as a director
of PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE: PBF) since October 2012 and as a director of NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) since December 2012. Mr. Abraham
served as a director of GenOn Energy, Inc. from January to December 2012, when it was acquired by NRG Energy, Inc. He also serves
as a director of C3 IoT, a private company. Previously, Mr. Abraham served as the non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
of AREVA Inc., the North American subsidiary of AREVA, and on the boards of several other public and private companies. 

Mr. Abraham serves on the Leadership Council
of the prominent Washington D.C. education and policy group, Nuclear Matters, an organization formed to help broaden America s
understanding of the benefits of nuclear power. Mr. Abraham holds a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School and is an alumnus
of Michigan State University. 

The Board of Directors has concluded that
Mr. Abraham should serve as a director given his extensive experience in the energy sector, including directing key aspects of
energy strategy as Secretary of Energy of the United States from 2001 to 2005, and as a board member of various public companies
in the oil, gas and power sector. 

Ivan Obolensky . Ivan Obolensky has
served on our Board of Directors since April 2007. Mr. Obolensky has over 50 years of experience in investment banking as a supervisory
financial analyst, with specific expertise in the defense, aerospace, oil and gas, nuclear power, metals and mining, publishing
and high technology industries. Mr. Obolensky is a senior associate of the Scott Abraham Investment Group of Raymond James  
Associates, Inc. He has also been a Senior Executive with investment research orientation of several investment banks, including
Sterling Grace   Co., Jesup, Josephthal   Co., Dominick and Dominick, Inc., Middendorf Colgate, CB Richard Ellis Moseley
Hallgarten and Wellington Shields   Co. LLC, from November 1990 to April 2014. Mr. Obolensky has tenure as the 22-year President
of the Josephine Lawrence Hopkins Foundation. As a 33  Master Mason and a Past Grand Treasurer of the Grand Lodge of the
State of New York, he has long served as Chairman of its  watchdog  Financial Oversight Committee for the Masonic
Brotherhood Foundation. Professionally, Mr. Obolensky has made frequent appearances as a guest of CNBC, CNNfn and Bloomberg TV.
Mr. Obolensky is also a pro-active board member of several financial/charitable organizations: The Children s Cancer  
Blood Foundation; The Bouverie Audubon Preserve of Glen Ellen California; The Police Athletic League of New York City; and General
 Blackjack  Pershing s Soldiers , Sailors , Marines , and Airmen s Club, where he is
also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Obolensky is a graduate of Yale University, attended Law School at the University
of Virginia and is a Lieutenant (Jg) US Naval Air Corps, USNR (Ret.). Mr. Obolensky was a factor in United States  mid-1960 s
vital nuclear switch-over to the highly efficient, secret and inexpensive gas centrifuge technology for the enrichment of uranium.
Today, the Company is a part-beneficiary of these efforts. 

The Board of Directors is pleased with Mr.
Obolensky s active involvement with the Company since 2007 and, in particular, with his over 50 years of experience as a
financial analyst in investment banking and as a dedicated expert in nuclear power. Therefore, the Board of Directors has concluded
that Mr. Obolensky should serve as a director of the Company. 

Vincent Della Volpe .
Vincent Della Volpe has served on our Board of Directors since July 2007. Mr. Della Volpe has served as a professional money manager
for over 35 years, including as a senior portfolio manager of pension funds for Honeywell Corporation and senior vice president
of the YMCA Retirement fund in New York. Throughout his career Mr. Della Volpe has particularly focused on the management of energy
and utility equity portfolios, and he also has experience managing venture capital investments. Mr. Della Volpe holds a Bachelor
of Arts in Accounting and an MBA in finance, both from Seton Hall University. 

The Board of Directors has concluded that
Mr. Della Volpe should serve as a director given his involvement with the Company since 2007 and his specialized expertise in
finance.    

David Kong . David Kong has served on
our Board of Directors since January 2011 and serves as our lead independent director. Mr. Kong serves as a director of New Pacific
Metals Corp., a public company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange since November 2010, as a director of Silvercorp Metals Inc.,
a public company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange since November 2011, and as a director of Brazil Resources Inc., a public
company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (the   TSX-V  ) since October 2010. 

Previously, Mr. Kong served as a director
of New Era Minerals Inc., a public company listed on the TSX-V from June 2014 to April 2016, as a director of IDM International
Limited, a public company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange, from November 2011 to October 2012, as a director of Channel
Resources Ltd., a public company listed on the TSX-V, from July 2010 to June 2012 and as a director of Hana Mining Ltd., formerly
a public company listed on the TSX-V, from July 2010 to February 2013, when it was privatized. 

Mr. Kong holds a Bachelor
in Business Administration and earned his Chartered Accountant designation (CPA, CA) in British Columbia, Canada, in 1978, and
his U.S. CPA (Illinois) designation in 2002. Mr. Kong was a partner at Ellis Foster, Chartered Accountants from 1981 to 2004,
before merging with Ernst   Young LLP in 2005, where he was a partner until 2010. Mr. Kong is a certified director (ICD.D)
of the Institute of Corporate Directors. 

The Board of Directors has concluded that
Mr. Kong should serve as a director given his business experience and specialized expertise in finance and accounting. 

Ganpat Mani.  Ganpat Mani has served
on our Board of Directors since June 2014. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Mani was President and Chief Executive Officer of ConverDyn,
a partnership between affiliates of Honeywell International Inc. and General Atomics, which specializes in the nuclear fuel conversion
trade. During this time he also served as a director of the Nuclear Energy Institute and was a member of the U.S. Civil Nuclear
Trade Advisory Committee. He is a highly experienced negotiator of contracts with major private and state-owned corporations in
Asia, Europe and the U.S. Notably, Mr. Mani negotiated the agreement for the return of uranium feed from the Metropolis conversion
facility under the Megatons to Megawatts program between the U.S. and Russia. He also met with government and industry organizations
as part of the U.S. Department of Commerce s multiple nuclear trade missions to India. 

From 1994 to 2007, Mr. Mani held several senior
marketing positions with ConverDyn, including having served as Senior Vice President. At ConverDyn, he was responsible for relations
with major nuclear utilities in Asia, Europe and the U.S. and with enrichment companies in Europe and the U.S. He has prepared
position papers and draft legislative language for, and represented ConverDyn in meetings with the U.S. Departments of Commerce,
Energy and State and with industry trade organizations. From 1973 to 1994, Mr. Mani worked at Honeywell International Inc. (formerly
Allied-Signal Inc.), where his career spanned a variety of functional areas and product lines. 

Mr. Mani holds an MBA from Rutgers University
and a Bachelor of Technology Degree in Metallurgical Engineering from Loughborough University, UK. 

The Board of Directors has concluded that
Mr. Mani should serve as a director given his expertise and experience in the uranium industry, particularly his in-depth knowledge
of the global nuclear fuel market. 

The following describes
the business experience of each of the non-director executive officers of the Company: 

Pat Obara . Pat Obara has served as
our Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer since October 2015, and served as our  Chief
Financial Officer from August 2006 to January 2011 and as our Vice President Administration from January 2011 to October 2015.
Mr. Obara currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and a director of Brazil Resources Inc., a public company
listed on the TSX-V. Previously, Mr. Obara worked as a consultant to several private companies in the areas of corporate management,
finance and administration. Mr. Obara holds a degree in Building Technology, Land and Construction Economics from the British
Columbia Institute of Technology.   

Scott Melbye . Mr. Melbye has served
as our Executive Vice President since September 2014. Mr. Melbye is a 32- year veteran of the nuclear energy industry having held
key leadership positions in major global uranium mining companies and various industry organizations. As our Executive Vice President,
Mr. Melbye is responsible for the uranium marketing and sales function and is a key contributor towards the achievement of the
Company s strategic growth objectives. 

He is also Vice President Commercial of
the Uranium Participation Corporation managing a publicly traded fund, which allows investors to buy and hold physical uranium. 
 Additionally, Mr. Melbye serves as an Advisor to the Chairman of Kazatomprom, the world s leading uranium producer
in Kazakhstan, guiding their business transformation process as it relates to marketing and sales. Through June 2014, Mr. Melbye
was Executive Vice President, Marketing for Uranium One, responsible for global sales activities, where he 
 expanded that company s forward book, particularly in the emerging markets of the United Arab Emirates and China.
He also supported the global investor-relations efforts of the CEO during the time the company was publically traded on the Toronto
Stock Exchange. Uranium One is among the world s top four uranium producers from its mines in Kazakhstan, and the United
States, and is the wholly-owned mining subsidiary of the Russian nuclear energy company Rosatom. Prior to this, Mr. Melbye spent
22 years with the Cameco Group of companies, both in the Saskatoon head office and with their U.S. subsidiaries. He most recently
served as President of Cameco Inc., the subsidiary responsible for managing the company s world-wide uranium marketing and
trading activities (annual sales exceeding 30 million pounds U 3 O 8  through established relationships with
most global nuclear utilities). Previous experience includes uranium brokerage and trading at Nukem Inc. in New York, and nuclear
fuel procurement at the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station in Arizona. 

Mr. Melbye is a frequent speaker at nuclear
industry conferences and has participated in numerous high-level, United States and Canadian trade missions to markets such as
China, India, United Arab Emirates and Mexico. In 1999, Mr. Melbye provided expert testimony in support of Kazakhstan before the
International Trade Commission in Washington, D.C., which lifted trade restrictions on Kazakh uranium in the United States. He
is a past Chair of the Board of Governors of the World Nuclear Fuel Market, and former President of the Uranium Producers of America
( UPA ). The UPA is the domestic uranium mining industry organization which promotes rational regulatory policy and
responsible disposition of United States Department of Energy inventories, a topic in which Mr. Melbye testified before the House
Oversight Committee in 2015. Mr. Melbye received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with degree specialization in
International Business from Arizona State University in 1984. 

Term of Office  

All of our directors hold office until the
next annual general meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are appointed
by our Board of Directors and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. 

Significant Employees  

There are no significant employees other than
our executive officers. 

Family Relationships  

Alan Lindsay served as our Chairman and a
director until his resignation from such positions effective October 14, 2015. Alan Lindsay is the father-in-law of Amir Adnani. 

Audit Committee   

Our Board of Directors has
established an Audit Committee that operates under a written charter approved by the Board. Our Audit Committee has been structured
to comply with Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee is comprised of David Kong, Ivan Obolensky and Vincent Della
Volpe, all of whom meet the audit committee member independence standards of the NYSE MKT. Mr. Kong is the Chairman of the Audit
Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Kong satisfies the criteria for an audit committee financial expert
under Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K of the rules of the SEC. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

Except as disclosed in this Annual Report,
during the past ten years none of the following events have occurred with respect to any of our directors or executive officers: 

1.  a petition under the Federal bankruptcy
                                         laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent
                                         or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person,
                                         or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the
                                         time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive
                                         officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;   

2.  such person was convicted in a criminal
                                         proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
                                         violations and other minor offenses);   

3.  such person was the subject of any
                                         order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court
                                         of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise
                                         limiting, the following activities:   

i)  acting as a futures commission merchant,
                                         introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker,
                                         leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading
                                         Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser,
                                         underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or
                                         employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company,
                                         or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity;   

ii)  engaging in any type of business
                                         practice; or   

iii)  engaging in any activity in connection
                                         with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation
                                         of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws;   

4.  such person was the subject of any
                                         order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal
                                         or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the
                                         right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3)(i) above, or
                                         to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;   

5.  such person was found by a court of
                                         competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or
                                         State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has
                                         not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated;   

6.  such person was found by a court of
                                         competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
                                         to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or
                                         finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed,
                                         suspended or vacated;   

7.  such person was the subject of, or
                                         a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
                                         or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation
                                         of:   

i)  any Federal or State securities or
                                         commodities law or regulation; or   

ii)  any law or regulation respecting
                                         financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
                                         or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or
                                         temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or   

iii)  any law or regulation prohibiting
                                         mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

8.  such person was the subject of, or
                                         a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of
                                         any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act),
                                         any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act),
                                         or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
                                         authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

There are currently no material legal proceedings
to which any of our directors or officers is a party adverse to us or in which any of our directors or officers has a material
interest adverse to us. 

Code of Ethics   

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics Policy (the  Code of Ethics ) that applies to all directors and officers. The Code of
Ethics describes the legal, ethical and regulatory standards that must be followed by the directors and officers of the Company
and sets forth high standards of business conduct applicable to each director and officer. As adopted, the Code of Ethics sets
forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote, among other things: 

honest
                                         and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of
                                         interest between personal and professional relationships;   

compliance
                                         with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;   

the prompt internal reporting of violations of the  Code
of Ethics to the appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and    

accountability for adherence to the  Code
of Ethics.    

A copy of our Code of Ethics can be viewed
on our website at the following URL: http://www.uraniumenergy.com/about/corporate-governance/. 

Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee  

Our Board of Directors has established
a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee that operates under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee is comprised of Vincent Della Volpe, Ivan Obolensky and David Kong. Mr. Della Volpe is the
Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. All of the members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
qualify as independent directors under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT. 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee is responsible for developing an appropriate approach to corporate governance issues and compliance with
governance rules. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is also mandated to plan for the succession of our Company,
including recommending director candidates, review of board procedures, size and organization and monitoring of senior management
with respect to governance issues. 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee identifies individuals believed to be qualified to become board members and recommends individuals to
fill vacancies. There are no minimum qualifications for consideration for nomination to be a director of the Company. The Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee assesses all nominees using generally the same criteria. In nominating candidates, the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee takes into consideration such factors as it deems appropriate, including judgment, experience,
skills and personal character, as well as the needs of the Company. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee does not
have a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees, and historically has not
considered diversity as a major criteria for identifying director nominees. 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee has performed a review of the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of our Company s
current directors and believes that our Company s current directors possess a variety of complementary skills and characteristics,
including the following: 

personal
                                         characteristics, including leadership, character, integrity, accountability, sound business
                                         judgment and personal reputation;   

successful
                                         business or professional experience;   

various
                                         areas of expertise or experience, including financial, strategic and general management;   

willingness
                                         and ability to commit the necessary time to fully discharge the responsibilities of a
                                         director in connection with the affairs of the Company; and   

a
                                         demonstrated commitment to the success of the Company.   

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee considers nominees recommended by stockholders if such recommendations are made in writing to the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee and evaluates nominees for election in the same manner whether the nominee has been recommended
by a stockholder or otherwise. To recommend a nominee, please write to the Company s Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee, c/o Uranium Energy Corp., at 500 North Shoreline Boulevard, Suite 800N, Corpus Christi, Texas, U.S.A., 78401. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock, to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations of the reporting persons, we believe
that all such reports were timely filed during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, within two business days as required by the
SEC, except as follows: 

Name  
       
      Number of Late
    Reports  
       
      Number of Transactions
    Not   
     Reported on Timely Basis   
 
     Jian Hua Zhang 
       
     1 
       
     1  

Item 11. Executive Compensation  

Compensation Discussion and Analysis   

Oversight of Executive Compensation
Program   

Our Board of Directors has established a Compensation
Committee that operates under a written charter approved by the Board. The Compensation Committee is comprised of Vincent Della
Volpe, Ivan Obolensky and David Kong. Mr. Della Volpe is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. All of the members of the
Compensation Committee qualify as independent directors under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT. The Board of Directors has
determined that none of the Compensation Committee members have any material business relationships with the Company. The independence
of the Compensation Committee members is re-assessed regularly by the Company. 

The Compensation Committee of our Board of
Directors is responsible for establishing and administering the Company s executive and director compensation. 

The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee,
as stated in its charter, include the following: 

review
                                         and approve the Company s compensation guidelines and structure;   

review
                                         and approve on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation
                                         for the Chief Executive Officer;   

review
                                         and approve on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for
                                         the Company s other officers, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation;
                                         and   

periodically
                                         review and make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the compensation
                                         of non-management directors.   

The Compensation Committee
is responsible for developing the executive compensation philosophy and reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors for
approval all compensation policies and compensation programs for the executive team. 

Since May 2012, consistent with good governance
practices, the Compensation Committee retains on an annual basis an independent compensation advisor to provide advice on the
structure and levels of compensation for our executive officers and directors and to undertake a comprehensive review of our incentive
plans. 

Overview of Executive Compensation Program

The Company recognizes that people are our
primary asset and our principal source of competitive advantage. In order to recruit, motivate and retain the most qualified individuals
as senior executive officers, the Company strives to maintain an executive compensation program that is competitive in the mining
industry, which is a competitive, global labor market. 

The Compensation Committee s compensation
objective is designed to attract and retain the best available talent while efficiently utilizing available resources. The Compensation
Committee compensates executive management primarily through base salary and equity compensation designed to be competitive with
comparable companies, and to align management s compensation with the long-term interests of shareholders. In determining
executive management s compensation, the Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the financial condition of
the Company and discussions with the executive. 

In order to accomplish our goals and to ensure
that the Company s executive compensation program is consistent with its direction and business strategy, the compensation
program for our senior executive officers is based on the following objectives: 

to
                                         attract, motivate, retain and reward a knowledgeable and driven management team and to
                                         encourage them to attain and exceed performance expectations within a calculated risk
                                         framework; and   

to
                                         reward each executive based on individual and corporate performance and to incentivize
                                         such executives to drive the organization s current growth and sustainability objectives.   

The following key principles guide the Company s
overall compensation philosophy: 

compensation
                                         is designed to align executives to the critical business issues facing the Company;   

compensation
                                         should be fair and reasonable to shareholders and be set with reference to the local
                                         market and similar positions in comparable companies;   

a
                                         substantial portion of total compensation is at-risk and linked to individual efforts,
                                         as well as divisional and corporate performance. This ensures the link between executive
                                         pay and business performance;   

an
                                         appropriate portion of total compensation should be equity-based, aligning the interests
                                         of executives with shareholders; and   

compensation
                                         should be transparent to the Board of Directors, executives and shareholders.   

Compensation Elements and Rationale    

There are three basic components to the Company s
executive compensation program: base salary, short-term incentive cash awards and long-term incentive equity compensation. 

Base Salary  

Base salary is the foundation of the compensation
program and is intended to compensate competitively relative to comparable companies within our industry and the marketplace where
we compete for talent. Base salary is a fixed component of the compensation program and is used as the base to determine elements
of incentive compensation and benefits. 

Short-Term Incentive (Cash)   

The short-term incentive plan is a variable
component of compensation and has the objective of motivating the executive officers to achieve pre-determined objectives and
to provide a means to reward the achievement of corporate milestones and fulfillment of the annual business plan. 

Historically, the amount of the short-term
incentive awards paid to the Company s executive officers was determined by the Company s Compensation Committee on
a discretionary basis, given the Company s stage of development and its transitional stage of growth, based on the expected
benefits to the Company for meeting its performance targets, the Company s available resources and market conditions. In
Fiscal 2014, the Compensation Committee undertook a comprehensive review of the Company s short-term incentive plan. The
Compensation Committee considered the advice of its independent compensation advisor and recommendations issued by leading independent
proxy advisors to develop a more objective approach for determining annual incentive awards. 

In Fiscal 2014, the Compensation Committee
established guidelines for the amount of annual incentive awards payable to the executives as a percentage of an executive s
base salary for specific performance targets and levels achieved. The Compensation Committee established minimum performance targets
and levels and determined that no incentive compensation would be payable for performance falling below minimum performance levels.
The Compensation Committee established superior performance targets and levels and determined that maximum incentive compensation
equivalent to 200% of an executive s base salary could be payable for superior performance across all performance levels.
The Compensation Committee considered the Company s overall business and strategic plan, operating activities, financing
activities and prevailing market conditions to establish performance targets and levels. 

In Fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee
reapproved the following guidelines for the payment of incentive awards to the executives: 

annual
                                         incentive awards shall be payable for performance meeting or exceeding target performance
                                         levels;   

a
                                         maximum incentive award equivalent to 60% of an executive s base salary shall be
                                         payable for performance meeting target performance levels;   

a
                                         maximum incentive award equivalent to 120% of an executive s base salary shall
                                         be payable for performance meeting superior performance levels;   

no
                                         annual incentive awards shall be payable for performance falling below target performance
                                         levels;   

the
                                         value of individual performance targets shall be determined by the Compensation Committee;   

the
                                         payment of annual incentive awards shall be subject to a determination by the Board of
                                         Directors and that the Company maintains sufficient cash on hand to meet the Company s
                                         financial obligations as determined on the date of payment; and   

annual
                                         incentive awards shall be subject to a provision for recovery or  clawback 
                                         if a payment is subsequently determined by the Board of Directors to have been based
                                         on materially inaccurate financial statements or materially inaccurate performance criteria.   

The Compensation Committee determined that
it would continue evaluating and evolving the compensation program design against best market practices as the Company experiences
further growth. 

In Fiscal 2016 short-term incentive awards
were paid to the executive officers as more particularly described in the  Summary Compensation Table  below. 

In Fiscal 2016, due to prevailing market conditions,
the Compensation Committee approved an overall decrease in compensation. Effective from February 1, 2016 to April 30, 2016, compensation
was reduced by 25% on a non-accrued basis. Effective from May 1, 2016, compensation was reduced by 10% on a non-accrued basis.
During this period, no short-term incentive awards were paid to the Company s executive officers or directors. 

Long-Term Incentive (Equity)   

The Company s long-term incentive program
provides for the granting of stock options to executive officers to both motivate executive performance and retention, as well
as to align executive officer performance to shareholder value creation. In awarding long-term incentives, the Company compares
the long-term incentive program to that of comparable companies within our industry and evaluates such factors as the number of
options available under its Stock Incentive Plan and the number of options outstanding relative to the number of shares outstanding.
The Company has historically sought to award stock options on a competitive basis based on a comparison with comparable companies. 

Each long-term incentive grant is based on
the level of the position held and overall market competitiveness. The Compensation Committee takes into consideration previous
grants when it considers new grants of options. 

The Board of Directors fixes the exercise
price of stock options at the time of the grant at the NYSE MKT closing price of our common shares. 

In Fiscal 2016, long-term equity incentive
plan awards were awarded to the executive officers in the form of stock options. The stock options vest over 18 months. 

In Fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee
undertook a comprehensive review of the Company s long-term incentive plan. The Compensation Committee considered the advice
of its independent compensation advisor and recommendations issued by leading independent proxy advisors to enhance governance
practices within its long-term incentive plan. The Compensation Committee recommended modifications to the Company s long-term
incentive plan and on June 7, 2016 our Board of Directors adopted the Company s 2016 Stock Incentive Plan. On July 28, 2016
our shareholders ratified the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan. 

The following table summarizes the pay mix
for the executive officers and illustrates the percentage of fixed versus at-risk pay for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016: 

Notes :   
 
      (1)  
      Mr. Abraham was appointed Executive Chairman effective
    October 14, 2015.   
 
      (2)  
      Mr. Obara was appointed Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer effective October 29, 2015.   
 
      (3)  
      Mr. Katsumata resigned as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer effective October 29, 2015.   
 
      (4)  
      Mr. Melbye was appointed as Executive Vice President of our Company
    effective September 8, 2014.   

Non-Cash Compensation  

The Company provides standard health benefits
to its executives, including medical, dental and disability insurance. 

The Company s non-cash compensation
is intended to provide a similar level of benefits as those provided by comparable companies within our industry. 

Review of Executive Officer
Performance   

On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee
reviews the overall compensation package for our executive officers and evaluates executive officer performance relative to corporate
goals. The Compensation Committee has the opportunity to meet with the executive officers at various times throughout the year,
which assists the Compensation Committee in forming its own assessment of each individual s performance. The executive officers
are not present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation Committee relating to executive compensation. 

In determining the compensation for the executive
officers, the Compensation Committee considers compensation paid to executive officers of other companies within the industry,
the executive s performance in meeting goals, the complexity of the management position and the experience of the individual.
When reviewing the executive s performance for Fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee took into consideration both individual
and corporate performance levels. The executive performance targets for Fiscal 2016 were as follows: 

secure
                                         adequate financing within a challenging post-Fukushima environment;   

establish
                                         a strategic plan to adapt to the existing uranium market and position the Company for
                                         a turnaround in uranium prices;   

expansion
                                         of the resource base;   

advancement
                                         of the Company s projects; and   

corporate
                                         performance.   

The following milestones were attained by
the Company as a result of the success of the executives meeting their performance targets: 

entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with its Lenders and extended the $20,000,000
senior secured Credit Facility by deferring required principal payments to February 1, 2019 and by extending the maturity date
to January 1, 2020;   

completed
                                         a registered offering of 12,364,704 units of the Company at a price of $0.85 per unit
                                         for gross proceeds of $10,510,000 million, with each unit comprised of one share of common
                                         stock and half of one share purchase warrant (each whole warrant exercisable at an exercise
                                         price of $1.20 for a three-year period to purchase an additional share of the Company
                                         for a total of 6,182,352 shares);   

continued to advance  development
of PAA 4 of the Palangana Mine;    

continued
                                         to advance exploration and permitting activities at the Burke Hollow Project; and   

continued
                                         permitting work at the Anderson Project.   

Executive and Director Compensation   

Alan Lindsay, former Chairman of the Board  

Alan Lindsay resigned as Chairman and a director
effective October 14, 2015. Prior to his resignation, Mr. Lindsay was retained on a yearly basis and was compensated on a monthly
basis at a rate of $6,000 per month. 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Lindsay was based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Chairmen and the value of Mr. Lindsay s
expertise to the Company. 

Spencer Abraham, Executive Chairman of
the Board  

The Company appointed Spencer Abraham as Executive
Chairman of our Board of Directors effective October 14, 2015. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Abraham served as Chairman of our
Advisory Board from December 2012 to October 2015. 

Mr. Abraham is retained according to an appointment
letter with our Company, and his compensation for serving as an executive officer of the Company is disclosed below in the  Summary
Compensation Table . 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Abraham was based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Chairmen and the value of Mr. Abraham s
expertise to the Company. 

Amir Adnani, President and Chief Executive
Officer   

Amir Adnani is retained according to an executive
services agreement with our Company, and his compensation for serving as an executive officer of the Company is disclosed below
in the  Summary Compensation Table . 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Adnani is based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Presidents and Chief Executive Officers
and the value of Mr. Adnani s expertise to the Company. 

As shown in the Director Compensation Table
below, Mr. Adnani does not receive additional compensation in connection with his service as a director of the Company. 

Scott Melbye, Executive Vice President  

Scott Melbye is retained according to an executive
services agreement with our Company, and his compensation for serving as an executive officer of the Company is disclosed below
in the  Summary Compensation Table . 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Melbye is based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Executive Vice Presidents and the value
of Mr. Melbye s expertise to the Company. 

Mark Katsumata, former Secretary, Treasurer
and Chief Financial Officer   

Mark Katsumata resigned as our Secretary,
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer effective October 29, 2015. Prior to his resignation, Mr. Katsumata was retained according
to an executive services agreement with our Company, and his compensation for serving as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer is disclosed below in the  Summary Compensation Table . 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Katsumata was based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Chief Financial Officers and the
value of Mr. Katsumata s expertise to the Company. 

Pat Obara, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief
Financial Officer  

On June 6, 2016, the Company ratified the
appointment of Pat Obara as our Secretary, Treasures and Chief Financial Officer effective October 29, 2015. Prior to this appointment,
Mr. Obara served as our Chief Financial Officer from August 2006 to January 2011 and as our Vice President Administration from
January 2011 to October 2015. 

Pat Obara is retained according to an employee
services agreement with our Company, and his compensation for serving as an executive officer of the Company is disclosed below
in the  Summary Compensation Table . 

The Company s compensation policy for
Mr. Obara was based on comparisons of other companies  remunerations made to their Chief Financial Officers and the value
of Mr. Obara s expertise to the Company. 

Pension Benefits   

None. 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation   

None. 

Retirement, Resignation or Termination
Plans   

Officers with contracts for services have
notice requirements which permit pay in lieu of notice. 

Each of the Company s executive services
agreements with Messrs. Adnani, Melbye and Katsumata (prior to his resignation) contemplates the case of termination due to various
provisions whereby the named executive officers will receive severance payments, as described below under the heading  Executive
Services Agreements . 

Compensation and Risk   

We do not believe that our compensation policies
and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. We have taken steps to ensure our executive compensation
program does not incentivize risk outside the Company s risk appetite. Some of the key ways that we currently manage compensation
risk are as follows: 

appointed
                                         a Compensation Committee which is composed entirely of independent directors to oversee
                                         the executive compensation program;   

retained
                                         an independent compensation advisor to provide advice on the structure and levels of
                                         compensation for our executive officers and directors;   

the
                                         use of deferred equity compensation in the form of stock options to encourage a focus
                                         on long-term corporate performance versus short-term results;   

disclosure
                                         of executive compensation to stakeholders;   

established
                                         a clawback policy applicable to all cash and equity incentive compensation; and   

adoption
                                         of say-on-pay.   

Clawback Policy   

We adopted a clawback policy as an additional
safeguard to mitigate compensation risks. The clawback policy applies to all cash and equity incentive compensation and provides
that the Board of Directors may seek reimbursement for compensation awarded to an executive in situations where (a) payment was
predicated upon achieving certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a substantial restatement of the Company s
financial statements filed with any securities regulatory authority, (b) the executive engaged in gross negligence, intentional
misconduct or fraud that caused, or partially caused, the need for a restatement, or (c) the incentive compensation would have
been lower had the financial results been properly reported. 

Consideration of Most Recent Shareholder
Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation   

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange
Act, at our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders our stockholders voted, in an advisory manner, on a proposal to approve our named
executive officer compensation. This was our most recent stockholder advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation.
The proposal was approved by our stockholders, receiving approximately 81.28% of the vote of the stockholders present in person
or represented by proxy and voting at the meeting. We considered this vote to be a ratification of our current executive compensation
policies and decisions and, therefore, did not make any significant changes to our executive compensation policies and decisions
based on the vote. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation    

No person who served as
a member of our Compensation Committee during Fiscal 2016 was a current or former officer or employee of our Company or engaged
in certain transactions with our Company required to be disclosed by regulations of the SEC. Additionally, during Fiscal 2016
there were no Compensation Committee  interlocks,  which generally means that no executive officer of our Company
served: (a) as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence
of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity which had an executive officer serving as a member of
our Company s Compensation Committee; (b) as a director of another entity which had an executive officer serving as a member
of our Company s Compensation Committee; or (c) as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing
equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity which had an executive
officer serving as a director of our Company. 

Compensation Committee Report  

The Compensation Committee
has reviewed and discussed the foregoing compensation discussion and analysis with Company management. Based on that review and
those discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the compensation discussion and analysis
be included in this Annual Report. This report is provided by the following independent directors, who comprise the Compensation
Committee: Vincent Della Volpe, Ivan Obolensky and David Kong. 

Summary Compensation Table  

The following table sets
forth the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and those executive officers that earned in
excess of $100,000 during the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (each a   Named Executive Officer  ): 

Notes :   
 
      (1)   
      These amounts represent fees paid by us to the Named
    Executive Officers during the year pursuant to various executive services agreements, between us and the Named Executive Officers,
    which are more particularly described below.   
 
      (2)   
      These amounts represent the fair value of the shares at the
    date of issuance.    
 
      (3)   
      These amounts represent the fair value of these options at the
    date of grant which was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.    
 
      (4)  
      Mr. Abraham was appointed as Executive Chairman of our Company
    effective October 14, 2015. Information for Mr. Abraham in his role as a director of our Board is disclosed below in the  Directors
    Compensation  section and is not reported in the Summary Compensation Table section of this Annual Report.   
 
      (5)  
      Mr. Obara was appointed as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer effective October 29, 2015. The Company pays Mr. Obara in Canadian currency. For the purpose of reporting the salary
    paid to Mr. Obara the salary was converted from Canadian currency to U.S. currency at the Bank of Canada noon buying rate
    for the years ended July 31.   
 
      (6)  
      Mr. Katsumata resigned as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer effective October 29, 2015. The Company paid Mr. Katsumata in Canadian currency. For the purpose of reporting the
    salary paid to Mr. Katsumata the salary was converted from Canadian currency to U.S. currency at the Bank of Canada noon buying
    rate for the years ended July 31.   
 
      (7)  
      Mr. Melbye was appointed as Executive Vice President of our
    Company effective September 8, 2014.   
 
      (8)  
      Mr. Anthony resigned as Chief Operating Officer and was appointed
    as Senior Advisor of our Company effective September 27, 2013. Mr. Anthony s compensation as Senior Advisor is reflected
    in the column entitled  All Other Compensation .   

Grants of Plan Based Awards  

We granted awards to the Named Executive Officers
in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, as follows: 

Notes :   
 
      (1)   
      Consists of stock awards having a fair value of
    $167,550 and option awards having a fair value of $147,431, as disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table .   
 
      (2)  
      Consists of stock awards having a fair value of $9,750 and option
    awards having a fair value of $563,195, as disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table .   
 
      (3)  
      Consists of stock awards having a fair value of $74,232 and
    option awards having a fair value of $43,246, as disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table .   
 
      (4)  
      Consists of stock awards having a fair value of $7,237 and option
    awards having a fair value of $145,902, as disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table .   
 
      (5)  
      The stock awards were issued to the individual in lieu of cash
    compensation to reduce cash outlays.   

Outstanding Equity Awards  

The following table sets
forth information as at July 31, 2016, relating to options that have been granted to the Named Executive Officers: 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested  

The following table sets
forth the value realized on options exercised and stock awards vested for the Named Executive Officers for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2016: 

Option Awards       
     Stock Awards     

Number of Shares    

Acquired on    
         Value Realized on        
     Number of Shares    
         Value Realized on      
 
     Name    
     Exercise    
         Exercise ($)        
     Acquired on Vesting    
         Vesting ($)      
 
     Amir Adnani, President and Chief Executive Officer    
     Nil    
        N/A       
     N/A    
        N/A     
 
     Spencer Abraham, Executive Chairman of the Board    
     Nil    
        N/A       
     N/A    
        N/A     
 
     Pat Obara, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial     
     Nil    
        N/A       
     N/A    
        N/A     
 
     Mark Katsumata, Former Chief Financial Officer     
     Nil    
        N/A       
     N/A    
        N/A     
 
     Scott Melbye, Executive Vice President    
     Nil    
        N/A       
     N/A    
        N/A     

No Pension Benefits  

The Company does not maintain
any plan that provides for payments or other benefits to its executive officers at, following or in connection with retirement
and including, without limitation, any tax-qualified defined benefit plans or supplemental executive retirement plans. 

No Nonqualified Deferred Compensation  

The Company does not maintain
any defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified. 

Director Compensation   

Directors receive cash compensation for their
services as such, as well as options. The number of stock options granted to each director is based on the experience of the director,
time spent on Company matters and the compensation paid to other directors of companies in the industry. 

The following table sets
forth information relating to compensation paid to our directors in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016: 

Notes :   
 
      (1)   
      Information for Amir Adnani is disclosed above in
    the  Summary Compensation Table  section and is not reported in the Director Compensation section of this Annual
    Report.   
 
      (2)  
      These amounts represent the fair value of the shares at the
    date of issuance.   
 
      (3)  
      These amounts represent the fair value of these options at the
    date of grant which was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.   
 
      (4)  
      Mr. Abraham was appointed Executive Chairman and a director
    of our Board effective October 14, 2015. Information for Mr. Abraham in his position as Executive Chairman including Stock
    Awards is disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table  section and is not reported in the Director Compensation
    section of this Annual Report.   
 
      (5)  
      Mr. Lindsay resigned as Chairman and a director of our Board
    effective October 14, 2015.   

As of July 31, 2016, our directors held
stock options to acquire an aggregate of 4,429,634 shares of our common stock as follows: Spencer Abraham: 1,100,000 stock options;
Amir Adnani: 2,189,634 stock options; Ivan Obolensky: 350,000 stock options; Vincent Della Volpe: 390,000 stock options; David
Kong: 250,000 stock options and Ganpat Mani: 150,000 stock options. 

Spencer Abraham serves as the Company s
Executive Chairman and a director and is retained accordingly through an appointment letter. Mr. Abraham is compensated on a monthly
basis at a rate of $10,833.33 per month for his services as Executive Chairman of the Company; and on an annual basis at a rate
of $20,000 per year paid in quarterly installments for his services as a director of the Company. 

Amir Adnani serves as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President and a director. Within his capacity as President and Chief Executive Officer, and through an
executive services agreement with a private company, Amir Adnani Corp., controlled by Mr. Adnani, he provides various consulting
services to the Company, all as disclosed above in the  Summary Compensation Table .  Mr. Adnani does not receive
additional compensation in connection with his service as a director of the Company. 

David Kong, Ivan Obolensky, Vincent Della
Volpe and Ganpat Mani are independent directors of the Company. Mr. Kong serves as the Company s lead independent director
and as Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee. Mr. Della Volpe serves as Chairman of the Company s Compensation
Committee and as Chairman of the Company s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The independent directors are
retained on a yearly basis for their services and are paid quarterly based on annual retainer fees as follows: 

The amounts listed above are all-inclusive
retainer fees and there are no additional committee and/or chairmanship fees or meeting attendance fees above and beyond such
annual retainer fees for Fiscal 2016. 

In addition to such retainers, from time to
time, directors may receive bonus payments or options, which are granted on a discretionary basis. The amount of any bonus payments
or the number of options granted is based on the experience of the director, time spent on Company matters and a comparison of
the compensation paid to other directors of companies in the industry. 

Standard retainer amounts paid to directors,
as well as any bonus payments or options, are determined by the Company s Compensation Committee and ratified by the Board
of Directors. 

Directors  and Officers  Insurance  

The Company
has purchased directors and officers liability insurance (  D O Liability Insurance  ) for the benefit of
its directors and officers, and the directors and officers of its subsidiaries, against liability incurred by them in the performance
of their duties as directors and officers of the Company, or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The amount of premium paid
with respect to D O Liability Insurance for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, was $153,943. The entire premium is paid
by the Company. The Company s D O Liability Insurance is comprised of the following policies:  

(1)  Not applicable to non-indemnifiable loss, crisis loss or derivative investigation costs.   

(2)  Provides coverage to individual directors and officers for non-indemnifiable claims and Difference
in Conditions (DIC) coverage where the underlying insurance fails to respond.   

Executive Services Agreements  

Adnani Executive Services Agreement   

On July 23, 2009, our Board of Directors
approved the entering into of an executive services agreement with Amir Adnani Corp. ( Adnani Corp. ), Mr. Adnani s
services corporation, as amended by certain letter agreements, dated for reference effective as at July 1, 2010 and February 1,
2012, respectively, with a term expiring on July 23, 2012 (the  2009 Adnani Agreement ). The 2009 Adnani Agreement
was subject to automatic renewal and remained in effect until June 30, 2013. On July 24, 2013, our Board of Directors approved
the entering into of a further amended and restated executive services agreement with Adnani Corp. with an initial term commencing
retroactively on July 1, 2013 and expiring on July 1, 2016, as amended by a letter agreement dated August 1, 2015 (collectively
the  Adnani Agreement ). 

The Adnani Agreement is subject to automatic
renewal on a three-month to three-month term renewal basis unless either the Company or Adnani Corp. provides written notice not
to renew the Adnani Agreement no later than 90 days prior to the end of the then current or renewal term. 

Pursuant to the terms and provisions of the
Adnani Agreement: (a) through Adnani Corp., Mr. Adnani provides various consulting services to the Company which are in addition
to his duties and responsibilities as our President and Chief Executive Officer; and (b) we shall pay to Adnani Corp. a monthly
fee of $34,000. In consultation with the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors, effective from February 1, 2016 to April
30, 2016, the monthly fee payable to Adnani Corp. was reduced by 25% on a non-accrued basis, from its original and stated amount
to $25,500, of which fees of $10,000 were paid in stock in lieu of cash. Effective from May 1, 2016, the monthly fee payable to
Adnani Corp. was reduced by 10% on a non-accrued basis, from its original and stated amount to $30,600, of which fees of $10,200
are paid in stock in lieu of cash. 

If the Company elects to not renew the Adnani
Agreement, and provided that Adnani Corp. is in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Adnani Agreement, the
Company shall be obligated to provide a severance package to Adnani Corp. as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate
of four months of the then monthly fee for each full year, and any portion thereof, of the initial term effective from July 23,
2009 and any renewal period during which the Adnani Agreement was in force and effect and during which Adnani Corp. rendered services
thereunder, together with a cash payment equating to Adnani Corp. s average annual bonus during the most recent two years,
payable by the Company to Adnani Corp. within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date; (b) any expense payment reimbursements
which would then be due and owing by the Company to Adnani Corp. to the effective termination date, payable within 14 calendar
days of the effective termination date (the  Adnani Outstanding Expense Reimbursements ); (c) any pro rata and unused
vacation pay which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Adnani to the effective termination date and payable within
14 calendar days of the effective termination date (the  Adnani Outstanding Vacation Pay ); (d) subject to applicable
provisions of the Adnani Agreement, all of Adnani Corp. s and Mr. Adnani s then issued and outstanding stock-based
equity awards in and to the Company as at the effective termination date shall immediately vest, if not otherwise vested, and
shall continue to be exercisable for a period of two years from the effective termination date (the  Adnani Options Extension );
and (e) confirmation that all of Adnani Corp. s and Mr. Adnani s then benefits coverage would be extended to Mr. Adnani
for a period ending two years from the effective termination date (the  Adnani Benefits Extension ). 

If the Company elects to terminate the Adnani
Agreement without just cause, or if Adnani Corp. terminates the Adnani Agreement for just cause, and provided that Adnani Corp.
is in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Adnani Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to provide a severance
package to Adnani Corp. as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of 24 months of the then monthly fee, together
with a cash payment equating to two times the sum of Adnani Corp. s average annual bonus during the most recent two years,
payable by the Company to Adnani Corp. within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date; (b) all Adnani Outstanding Expense
Reimbursements; (c) all Adnani Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) subject to applicable provisions of the Adnani Agreement, the Adnani
Options Extension; and (e) the Adnani Benefits Extension. 

If Adnani Corp. elects to terminate the Adnani
Agreement for good reason, as defined in the Adnani Agreement, including without limitation a material diminution of Mr. Adnani s
duties, a failure of the Company to deliver a written agreement to be entered into with any successor, assignee or transferee
of the Company to assume and agree to perform the Adnani Agreement, a failure of the Company to pay remuneration or any other
breach by the Company of a material provision of the Adnani Agreement, and provided that Adnani Corp. is in compliance with the
relevant terms and conditions of the Adnani Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to provide a severance package to Adnani
Corp. as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of 18 months of the then monthly fee, together with a cash payment
equating to one and one-half times the sum of Adnani Corp. s average annual bonus during the most recent two years, payable
by the Company to Adnani Corp. over a period of 12 months from the effective termination date; (b) all Adnani Outstanding Expense
Reimbursements; (c) all Adnani Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) subject to applicable provisions of the Adnani Agreement, the Adnani
Options Extension; and (e) the Adnani Benefits Extension. 

If Adnani Corp. elects to terminate the Adnani
Agreement, except for just cause, or if the Company terminates the Adnani Agreement for just cause, Adnani Corp. is not entitled
to a severance package. 

The Adnani Agreement will be deemed terminated
on the 30 th  calendar day following the death or disability of Mr. Adnani, in which case the Company shall be obligated
to provide a severance package to Adnani Corp. or Mr. Adnani s estate as follows, provided that Adnani Corp. is or was in
compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Adnani Agreement: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of 12 months
of the then monthly fee, together with a cash payment equating to Adnani Corp s average annual bonus during the most recent
two years, payable by the Company to Adnani Corp. or Mr. Adnani s estate within 14 calendar days of the effective termination
date; (b) all Adnani Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Adnani Outstanding Vacation Pay; and (d) subject to applicable
provisions of the Adnani Agreement, the Adnani Options Extension. 

Abraham Appointment Letter   

On October 14, 2015 our Board of Directors
approved the entering into an appointment letter with Spencer Abraham dated for reference effective as at October 1, 2015 (the
 Abraham Agreement ). 

Pursuant to the Abraham Agreement: (a) Mr.
Abraham was appointed as the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors and shall provide duties to us commensurate with his
position as our Executive Chairman; (b) we shall pay to Mr. Abraham a monthly fee of $10,833.33 in connection with his tenure
as Executive Chairman; and (c) we shall provide to Mr. Abraham an annual fee of $20,000 in connection with his tenure as a director
of our Company. 

In consultation with the Compensation Committee
and Board of Directors, effective from May 1, 2016: (a) the monthly fee payable to Mr. Abraham was reduced by 10% on a non-accrued
basis, from its original and stated amount to $9,750 of which fees of $3,250 are paid in stock in lieu of cash; and (b) the annual
fee payable to Mr. Abraham was reduced by 10% on a non-accrued basis, from its original amount to $18,000 of which $6,000 are
paid in stock in lieu of cash. 

Melbye Executive Employment Agreement   

On December 15, 2014, our Board of Directors
approved the entering into an executive services agreement with Scott Melbye, as amended by a letter agreement, dated for reference
effective as at May 1, 2016, with an initial term commencing retroactively on September 1, 2014 and expiring on February 28, 2017
(collectively, the  Melbye Agreement ).  

The Melbye Agreement is subject to automatic
renewal on a one-month to one-month term renewal basis unless either the Company or Mr. Melbye provides written notice not to
renew the Melbye Agreement no later than 30 calendar days prior to the end of the then current or renewal term. 

Pursuant to the terms and provisions of the
Melbye Agreement: (a) Mr. Melbye shall provide duties to us commensurate with his position as our Executive Vice President; and
(b) we shall pay to Mr. Melbye a monthly fee of $20,833.33. In consultation with the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors,
effective from February 1, 2016 to April 30, 2016, the monthly fee payable to Mr. Melbye was reduced by 25% on a non-accrued basis,
from its original and stated amount to $15,625. Effective from May 1, 2016, the monthly fee payable to Mr. Melbye was reduced
by 10% on a non-accrued basis, from its original and stated amount to $18,750. Effective from June 1, 2016, monthly fees of $6,250
are paid in stock in lieu of cash. 

If the Company elects to not renew the Melbye
Agreement, and provided that Mr. Melbye is in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Melbye Agreement, the Company
shall be obligated to provide a severance package to Mr. Melbye as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to any outstanding fees
and bonuses which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Melbye to the effective termination date, payable within 14
calendar days of the effective termination date (the  Melbye Outstanding Fees and Bonuses ); (b) any expense payment
reimbursements which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Melbye to the effective termination date, payable within
14 calendar days of the effective termination date (the  Melbye Outstanding Expense Reimbursements ); (c) any pro
rata and unused vacation pay which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Melbye to the effective termination date,
payable within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date (the  Melbye Outstanding Vacation Pay ); (d) subject
to applicable provisions of the Melbye Agreement, all of Mr. Melbye s then issued and outstanding stock-based equity awards
in and to the Company as at the effective termination date shall immediately vest, if not otherwise vested, and shall continue
to be exercisable for a period of 90 calendar days from the effective termination date (the  Melbye Options Extension );
and (e) confirmation that all of Mr. Melbye s then benefits coverage would be extended to Mr. Melbye for a period ending
90 calendar days from the effective termination date (the  Melbye Benefits Extension ). 

If the Company elects to terminate the Melbye
Agreement without just cause, or if Mr. Melbye terminates the Melbye Agreement for just cause, and provided that Mr. Melbye is
in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Melbye Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to provide a severance
package to Mr. Melbye as follows: (a) all Melbye Outstanding Fees and Bonuses, together with a cash payment equating to any additional
fees which Mr. Melbye would have been entitled to receive until the end of the applicable initial term or renewal period; (b)
all Melbye Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Melbye Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) the Melbye Options Extension; and
(e) the Melbye Benefits Extension. 

If Mr. Melbye elects to terminate the Melbye
Agreement, except for just cause, and provided that Mr. Melbye is in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the
Melbye Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to provide a severance package to Mr. Melbye as follows: (a) all Melbye Outstanding
Fees and Bonuses; (b) all Melbye Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Melbye Outstanding Vacation Pay; and (d) subject
to applicable provisions of the Melbye Agreement, all of Mr. Melbye s then issued and outstanding stock-based equity awards
in and to the Company that have vested as at the effective termination date shall continue to be exercisable for a period of 90
calendar days from the effective termination date. 

If the Company elects to terminate the Melbye
Agreement for just cause, the Company shall be obligated to provide a severance package to Mr. Melbye as follows: (a) a cash payment
equating to any outstanding fees which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Melbye to the effective termination date,
payable within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date; (b) all Melbye Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; and (c)
all Melbye Outstanding Vacation Pay. 

The Melbye Agreement will be deemed terminated
on the 30 th  calendar day following the death or disability of Mr. Melbye, in which case the Company shall be obligated
to provide a severance package to Mr. Melbye or Mr. Melbye s estate as follows, provided that Mr. Melbye is or was in compliance
with the relevant terms and conditions of the Melbye Agreement: (a) all Melbye Outstanding Fees and Bonuses; (b) all Melbye Outstanding
Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Melbye Outstanding Vacation Pay; and (d) subject to applicable provisions of the Melbye Agreement,
all of Mr. Melbye s then issued and outstanding stock-based equity awards in and to the Company that have vested as at the
effective termination date shall continue to be exercisable for a period of one year from the effective termination date. 

Katsumata Executive Employment Agreement   

Mark Katsumata resigned as our Secretary,
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer effective October 29, 2015. Prior to his resignation, the terms of Mr. Katsumata s
employment as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer were governed by an executive services agreement as described below. 

On January 5, 2011, our Board of Directors
approved the entering into of an executive services agreement with Mr. Katsumata, with a term expiring on January 5, 2013 (the
 2011 Katsumata Agreement ). The 2011 Katsumata Agreement was subject to automatic renewal and remained in effect
until June 30, 2013. On July 24, 2013, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of a further amended and restated executive
services agreement with Mr. Katsumata, with an initial term commencing retroactively on July 1, 2013 and expiring on July 1, 2015
(the  Katsumata Agreement ). The Katsumata Agreement was terminated with Mr. Katsumata s resignation. 

The Katsumata Agreement was subject to automatic
renewal on a three-month to three-month term renewal basis unless either the Company or Mr. Katsumata provided written notice
not to renew the Katsumata Agreement no later than 90 days prior to the end of the then current or renewal term. 

Pursuant to the terms and provisions of the
Katsumata Agreement: (a) Mr. Katsumata provided duties to us commensurate with his executive position as our Secretary, Treasurer
and Chief Financial Officer; and (b) we paid to Mr. Katsumata a monthly fee of CAD$13,750. 

If the Company elected not to renew the Katsumata
Agreement, and provided that Mr. Katsumata was in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Katsumata Agreement,
the Company was obligated to provide a severance package to Mr. Katsumata as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate
of four months of the then monthly fee for each full year, and any portion thereof, of the initial term and any renewal period
during which the Katsumata Agreement was in force and effect and during which Mr. Katsumata rendered services thereunder, together
with a cash payment equating to Mr. Katsumata s annual bonus during the most recent year, payable by the Company to Mr.
Katsumata within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date; (b) any expense payment reimbursements which would then be
due and owing by the Company to Mr. Katsumata to the effective termination date, payable within 14 calendar days of the effective
termination date (the  Katsumata Outstanding Expense Reimbursements ); (c) any pro rata and unused vacation pay which
would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr. Katsumata to the effective termination date and payable within 14 calendar days
of the effective termination date (the  Katsumata Outstanding Vacation Pay ); (d) subject to applicable provisions
of the Katsumata Agreement, all of Mr. Katsumata s then issued and outstanding stock-based equity awards in and to the Company
as at the effective termination date would immediately vest, if not otherwise vested, and would continue to be exercisable for
a period of one year from the effective termination date (the  Katsumata Options Extension ); and (e) confirmation
that all of Mr. Katsumata s then benefits coverage would be extended to Mr. Katsumata for a period ending one year from
the effective termination date (the  Katsumata Benefits Extension ). 

If the Company elected to terminate the Katsumata
Agreement without just cause, or if Mr. Katsumata terminated the Katsumata Agreement for just cause, and provided that Mr. Katsumata
was in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Katsumata Agreement, the Company was obligated to provide a severance
package to Mr. Katsumata as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of 12 months of the then monthly fee, together
with a cash payment equating to Mr. Katsumata s annual bonus during the most recent year, payable by the Company to Mr.
Katsumata within 14 calendar days of the effective termination date; (b) all Katsumata Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c)
all Katsumata Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) subject to applicable provisions of the Katsumata Agreement, the Katsumata Options
Extension; and (e) the Katsumata Benefits Extension. 

If Mr. Katsumata elected to terminate the
Katsumata Agreement for good reason, as defined in the Katsumata Agreement and including, without limitation, a material diminution
of Mr. Katsumata s duties, a failure of the Company to deliver a written agreement to be entered into with any successor,
assignee or transferee of the Company to assume and agree to perform the Katsumata Agreement, a failure of the Company to pay
remuneration or any other breach by the Company of a material provision of the Katsumata Agreement, and provided that Mr. Katsumata
was in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Katsumata Agreement, the Company was obligated to provide a severance
package to Mr. Katsumata as follows: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of nine months of the then monthly fee, together
with a cash payment equating to three-quarters of the sum of the Mr. Katsumata s annual bonus during the most recent year
payable by the Company to Mr. Katsumata over a period 12 months from the effective termination date; (b) all Katsumata Outstanding
Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Katsumata Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) subject to applicable provisions of the Katsumata Agreement,
the Katsumata Options Extension; and (e) the Katsumata Benefits Extension. 

If Mr. Katsumata elected to terminate the
Katsumata Agreement, except for just cause, or if the Company terminated the Katsumata Agreement for just cause, Mr. Katsumata
was not entitled to a severance package. 

The Katsumata Agreement was to be deemed terminated
on the 30 th  calendar day following the death or disability of Mr. Katsumata, in which case the Company was obligated
to provide a severance package to Mr. Katsumata or to Mr. Katsumata s estate as follows, provided that Mr. Katsumata was
in compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of the Katsumata Agreement: (a) a cash payment equating to an aggregate of
six months of the then monthly fee, together with a cash payment equating to one-half of Mr. Katsumata s annual bonus during
the most recent year, payable by the Company to Mr. Katsumata or Mr. Katsumata s estate within 14 calendar days of the effective
termination date; (b) all Katsumata Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c) all Katsumata Outstanding Vacation Pay; and (d) subject
to applicable provisions of the Katsumata Agreement, the Katsumata Options Extension. 

Mr. Katsumata resigned as our Secretary,
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer effective October 29, 2015 and, as such, the Katsumata Agreement is terminated. 

Obara Consulting Services Agreement   

On August 15, 2007, our Board of Directors
approved the entering into an consulting services agreement with Obara Builders Ltd. ( Obara Ltd.. ) as amended by
a letter agreement, dated for reference effective as at October 14, 2015 (collectively, the  Obara Agreement ). The
Obara Agreement is subject to automatic renewal on a three-month to three-month basis unless the Company provides written notice
not to renew the Obara Agreement no later than 90 days prior to the end of the then current or renewal term. 

Pursuant to the terms and provisions of the
Obara Agreement: (a) through Obara Ltd., Pat Obara provides various consulting services to the Company which are in addition to
his duties and responsibilities as our current Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and (b) we shall
pay to Obara Ltd. a monthly fee of CAN$13,750. In consultation with the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors, effective
from February 1, 2016 to April 30, 2016, the monthly fee payable to Obara Ltd. was reduced by 25% on a non-accrued basis, from
its original and stated amount to CAN$10,312.50, of which fees of CAN$6,880.49 were paid in stock in lieu of cash. Effective from
May 1, 2016, the monthly fee payable to Obara Ltd. was reduced by 10% on a non-accrued basis, from its original and stated amount
to CAN$12,375, of which fees of CAN$4,125 are paid in stock in lieu of cash. 

If the Company elects to not renew the Obara
Agreement or any party elects to terminate the Obara Agreement, Obara Ltd. s obligation to provide the services to the Company
will continue only until the effective termination date and the Company shall be obligated to provide to Obara Ltd.: (a) any fees
which would then be due and owing by the Company to Obara Ltd. to the effective termination date; (b) any expense payment reimbursements
which would then be due and owing by the Company to Obara Ltd. to the effective termination date (the  Obara Outstanding
Expense Reimbursements ); (c) any pro rata and unused vacation pay which would then be due and owing by the Company to Mr.
Obara to the effective termination date (the  Obara Outstanding Vacation Pay ); (d) subject to applicable provisions
of the Obara Agreement, the vested portion of all Obara Ltd. s and Mr. Obara s then issued and outstanding stock-based
equity awards in and to the Company as at the effective termination date shall continue to be exercisable for a period of 90 calendar
days following the effective termination date (the  Obara Options ) and (e) confirmation that all of Mr. Obara s
then benefits coverage would be covered until the effective termination date (the  Obara Benefits ). 

The Obara Agreement will be deemed terminated
on the 30 th  calendar day following the death or disability of Mr. Obara, in which case the Company shall be obligated
to provide to Obara Ltd.: (a) any fees which would then be due and owing by the Company to Obara Ltd. to the effective termination
date; (b) Obara Outstanding Expense Reimbursements; (c) the Obara Outstanding Vacation Pay; (d) the Obara Options and (e) the
Obara Benefits. 

During Fiscal 2016 Obara Ltd. was dissolved
and, as a result the Obara Agreement was terminated, however, the Company s and Mr. Obara s ongoing employment and
remuneration obligations remain as contemplated and set forth in the Obara Agreement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of October 10, 2016, by: 

each
                                         person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our shares of common stock;
                                         and   

each
                                         executive officer, each director and all of our directors and executive officers as a
                                         group.   

The number of shares beneficially owned and the related percentages are based on 117,388,052 shares of
common stock outstanding as of October 10, 2016. 

For the purposes of the
information provided below, shares that may be issued upon the exercise or conversion of stock options, warrants and other rights
to acquire shares of our common stock that are exercisable or convertible within 60 days following October 10, 2016, are deemed
to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the holder for the purpose of computing the number of shares and percentage ownership
of that holder, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Notes : 

*  Less than one percent.   

(1)  Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who,
directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares: (i) voting
power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of such security; and (ii) investment power, which includes the
power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. Certain shares of common stock may be deemed to be beneficially owned
by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition,
shares of common stock are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example,
upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership
of any person, the amount of shares of common stock outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by
such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of
common stock of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power
with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report. As of October 10,
2016, there were 117,388,052 shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding.   

(3)  This figure represents (i) 23,642 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 870,000
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(4)  This figure represents (i) 21,463 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 312,500
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(5)  This figure represents (i) 3,044 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 341,250
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(6)  This figure represents (i) 17,190 shares of common stock, (ii) 7,000 shares of common stock held
of record by Mr. Kong s wife and (iii) stock options to purchase 193,750 shares of our common stock, which have vested or
will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(7)  This figure represents (i) 33,578 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 112,500
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(8)  This figure represents (i) 232,623 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 547,000
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

(9)  This figure represents (i) 120,385 shares of common stock and (ii) stock options to purchase 465,000
shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.   

Changes in Control  

We have no knowledge of
any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result
in a change in our control. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence  

Related Party Transactions  

Except as described in this Annual Report,
the Company was not involved in any transactions during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, and is not involved in any currently
proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in which related
persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company incurred
$164,566 in general and administrative costs paid to a company controlled by a direct family member of a current officer (Mr.
Adnani). During Fiscal 2016, the Company issued 117,998 restricted common shares with a fair value of $109,738 as settlement of
amounts owed to this company totaling $98,371. 

Our Audit Committee is charged with reviewing
and approving all related party transactions and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors, or approving
any contracts or other transactions with any of our current or former executive officers. The charter of the Audit Committee sets
forth the Company s written policy for the review of related party transactions. 

Director Independence  

The Board of Directors has determined that
Ivan Obolensky, Vincent Della Volpe, David Kong and Ganpat Mani each qualify as independent directors under the listing standards
of the NYSE MKT. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services  

Ernst   Young LLP serve as our independent
registered public accounting firm and audited our financial statements for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to us by our auditors for our last two years are set forth below: 

Audit Fees.   Audit fees consist
of aggregate fees for professional services in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, quarterly reviews
of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

Audit-Related Fees.   Audit-related
fees consist of aggregate fees for assurance and related services related to the audit or review of our financial statements that
are not reported under  Audit Fees  above. 

Tax Fees.   Tax fees consist of
aggregate fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, primarily, fees related to tax preparation
services. 

Pre-Approval of Services by the Independent
Auditor  

The Audit Committee is responsible for the
pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent auditor, Ernst  
Young LLP. The Audit Committee will, on an annual basis, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit and non-audit
services by Ernst   Young LLP. Thereafter, the Audit Committee will, as necessary, consider and, if appropriate, approve the
provision of additional audit and non-audit services by Ernst   Young LLP which are not encompassed by the Audit Committee s
annual pre-approval and are not prohibited by law. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chair of the Audit Committee the authority
to pre-approve, on a case-by-case basis, non-audit services to be performed by Ernst   Young LLP. The Audit Committee has
approved all audit and permitted non-audit services performed by Ernst   Young LLP for the year ended July 31, 2016. 

Part iv 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules  

The following exhibits are filed with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

101.1NS  
           
         101.SCH  
           
         101.CAL  
           
         101.DEF  
           
         101.LAB  
           
         101.PRE  

XBRL
Instance Document * 
           
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
Document * 
           
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase Document * 
           
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions
Linkbase Document * 
           
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
Linkbase Document * 
           
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document *   

(1)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on August 4, 2005.   

(2)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2006.   

(3)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2007.   

(4)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2007.   

(5)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2007.   

(6)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 16, 2009.   

(7)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2009.   

(8)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2009.   

(10)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on October 1, 2009.   

(13)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on February 7, 2011.   

(19)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2011.   

(22)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2013.   

(24)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 19, 2013.   

(25)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 21, 2013.   

(26)  Incorporated by reference to our Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on December 6, 2013.   

(27)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on December 27, 2013.   

(31) Incorporated
by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on January 9, 2015. 

(39)  Incorporated by reference to our Registration
                                         Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016.   

*  Filed herewith   

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

JULY 31, 2016  

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
     F-2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
     F-4  

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
     F-5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     F-6  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
     F-7  

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
     F-9  

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Uranium Energy Corp. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Uranium Energy Corp. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss, cash flows and stockholders  equity for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2016. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Uranium Energy Corp. at July 31, 2016
and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July
31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Without qualifying our audit opinion, we draw attention
to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements which indicates that the Company has yet to achieve profitability and has had
a history of operating losses resulting in an accumulated deficit balance since inception, and that the continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain adequate additional financing. These conditions, along with other matters
as set forth in Note 1, indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Uranium Energy Corp. s internal control over
financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 13, 2016 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon. 

Vancouver, Canada  
        /s / Ernst   Young LLP    
 
      October 13, 2016  
              Chartered Professional Accountants   

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Uranium Energy Corp. 

We have audited Uranium Energy Corp. s
internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Uranium Energy
Corp. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Uranium Energy Corp. maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Uranium Energy
Corp. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, cash flows and
stockholders  equity for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2016, and our report dated October 13, 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Vancouver, Canada  
        /s / Ernst   Young LLP    
 
      October 13, 2016  
              Chartered Professional Accountants   

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

NOTE 1:           NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND GOING
CONCERN  

Uranium Energy Corp. was incorporated in the
State of Nevada on May 16, 2003. Uranium Energy Corp. and its subsidiary companies and a controlled partnership (collectively,
the  Company ) are engaged in uranium mining and related activities, including exploration, pre-extraction, extraction
and processing of uranium concentrates, on projects located in the United States and Paraguay. 

Although planned principal operations have
commenced from which significant revenues from sales of uranium concentrates were realized for the fiscal years ended July 31,
2015 ( Fiscal 2015 ), 2013 ( Fiscal 2013 ) and 2012 ( Fiscal 2012 ), the Company has yet to
achieve profitability and has had a history of operating losses resulting in an accumulated deficit balance since inception. No
revenue from sales of uranium concentrates was realized for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 ( Fiscal 2016 ), and
2014 ( Fiscal 2014 ) or for any periods prior to Fiscal 2012. Historically, the Company has been reliant primarily
on equity financings from the sale of its common stock and, during Fiscal 2014 and 2013, on debt financing in order to fund its
operations, and this reliance is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. 

At July 31, 2016, the Company had working
capital of $6.2 million including cash and cash equivalents of $7.1 million. As the Company does not expect to achieve and maintain
profitability in the near term, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain adequate
additional financing which the Company has successfully secured since its inception, including those from asset divestitures.
However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing any form of additional financing in the future
when required and on terms favorable to the Company; therefore substantial doubt exists as to whether the Company s cash
resources and working capital will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months.
The continued operations of the Company, including the recoverability of the carrying values of its assets, are dependent ultimately
on the Company s ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from its operations. 

These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities
that may be necessary in the event the Company can no longer continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 2:           SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of
Consolidation  

These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and are presented
in United States dollars. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Uranium Energy Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, UEC Resources Ltd., UEC Paraguay Corp. and its
subsidiary, Piedra Rica Mining S.A., Cue Resources Ltd. and its subsidiary, Transandes Paraguay S.A., JDL Resources Inc. and its
subsidiary, Trier S.A., UEC Concentric Merge Corp., URN Texas GP, LLC, URN South Texas Project, Ltd. and a controlled partnership,
South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Certain comparative figures have been reclassified
to conform to the current year s presentation. 

Exploration Stage  

The Company has established the existence
of mineralized materials for certain uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. The Company has not established proven or
probable reserves, as defined by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) under Industry Guide
7, through the completion of a  final  or  bankable  feasibility study for any of its uranium projects,
including the Palangana Mine. Furthermore, the Company has no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of its uranium
projects for which the Company plans on utilizing in-situ recovery ( ISR ) mining, such as the Palangana Mine. As
a result, and despite the fact that the Company commenced extraction of mineralized materials at the Palangana Mine in November
2010, the Company remains in the Exploration Stage as defined under Industry Guide 7, and will continue to remain in the Exploration
Stage until such time proven or probable reserves have been established. 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Since the Company commenced extraction of
mineralized materials at the Palangana Mine without having established proven or probable reserves, any mineralized materials
established or extracted from the Palangana Mine should not in any way be associated with having established or produced from
proven or probable reserves. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, expenditures
relating to the acquisition of mineral rights are initially capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures
are expensed as incurred until such time the Company exits the Exploration Stage by establishing proven or probable reserves. 
Expenditures relating to exploration activities such as drill programs to establish mineralized materials are expensed as incurred.
Expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities such as the construction of mine wellfields, ion exchange facilities and disposal
wells are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves are established for that project, after which expenditures
relating to mine development activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. 

Companies in the Production Stage as defined
under Industry Guide 7, having established proven and probable reserves and exited the Exploration Stage, typically capitalize
expenditures relating to ongoing development activities, with corresponding depletion calculated over proven and probable reserves
using the units-of-production method and allocated to future reporting periods to inventory and, as that inventory is sold, to
cost of goods sold. The Company is in the Exploration Stage which has resulted in the Company reporting larger losses than if
it had been in the Production Stage due to the expensing, instead of capitalization, of expenditures relating to ongoing mill
and mine development activities. Additionally, there would be no corresponding amortization allocated to future reporting periods
of the Company since those costs would have been expensed previously, resulting in both lower inventory costs and cost of goods
sold and results of operations with higher gross profits and lower losses than if the Company had been in the Production Stage.
Any capitalized costs, such as expenditures relating to the acquisition of mineral rights, are depleted over the estimated extraction
life using the straight-line method. As a result, the Company s consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable
to the financial statements of companies in the Production Stage. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities as of the balance sheet date and the corresponding revenues and expenses for the period reported. By their nature,
these estimates and assumptions are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effect on the financial statements of changes in
such estimates and assumptions in future periods could be significant. Significant areas requiring management s estimates
and assumptions include determining the fair value of transactions involving shares of common stock, valuation and impairment
losses on mineral rights and properties, valuation of stock-based compensation, valuation of variable share forward contract,
net realizable value of inventory, valuation of other long-term asset, and valuation of long-term debt and asset retirement obligations.
Other areas requiring estimates include allocations of expenditures to inventories, depletion and amortization of mineral rights
and properties and depreciation of property, plant and equipment. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates
and assumptions. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

The functional currency of the Company, including
its subsidiaries, is the United States dollar. UEC Resources Ltd. and Cue Resources Ltd. maintain their accounting records in
their local currency, the Canadian dollar. Piedra Rica Mining S.A., Transandes Paraguay S.A and Trier S.A., maintain their accounting
records in their local currency, the Paraguayan Guarani. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
830: Foreign Currency Matters, the financial statements of the Company s subsidiaries are translated into United States
dollars using period-end exchange rates as to monetary assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses.
Non-monetary assets are translated at their historical exchange rates. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange translations
and foreign currency exchange gains and losses on transactions occurring in a currency other than the Company s functional
currency are included in the determination of net income (loss) in the period. 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly-liquid instruments
with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. 

Financial Instruments  

The fair values of cash and cash equivalents,
other current assets which includes available-for-sale securities and accounts and interest receivable, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities and due to related parties amounts were estimated to approximate their carrying values due to the immediate or short-term
maturity of these financial instruments. Reclamation deposits are deposits mainly invested in short-term funds at major financial
institutions and their fair values were estimated to approximate their carrying values. The Company s operations and financing
activities are conducted primarily in United States dollars and as a result, the Company is not significantly exposed to market
risks from changes in foreign currency rates. The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and cash equivalents, but
mitigates this risk by keeping deposits at major financial institutions. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company measures its available-for-sale
securities and variable share forward contracts at fair value in accordance with ASC 820: Fair Value Measurements. ASC 820 specifies
a valuation hierarchy based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs
reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own assumptions.
These two types of inputs have resulted in the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level
                                         1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;   

Level
                                         2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
                                         or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations in
                                         which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets;
                                         and   

Level
                                         3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs
                                         or significant value drivers are unobservable.   

The Company has determined that its available-for-sale
securities are Level 1 financial instruments and its variable share forward contract is a Level 2 financial instrument. 

Other Long-Term Asset  

Other long-term asset represents the Company s
option to acquire an equity interest in another entitiy (refer to Note 6). As the option doesn t have a readily determinable
fair value as defined by ASC 320: Investments   Debt and Equity Securities, it has been initially recognized and subsequently
measured at costs, less accumulated impairment. 

Inventories  

Inventories are comprised of supplies, uranium
concentrates and work-in-progress. Expenditures include mining and processing activities that result in extraction of uranium
concentrates and depreciation and depletion charges. Mining and processing costs include labor, chemicals, directly attributable
uranium extraction expenditures and overhead related to uranium extraction. Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net
realizable value and are valued and charged to cost of sales using the average costing method. 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Mineral Rights  

Acquisition costs of mineral rights are initially
capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, are established for that project. Expenditures relating to exploration
activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such
time proven or probable reserves are established for that project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to development
activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. 

Where proven and probable reserves have been
established, the project s capitalized expenditures are depleted over proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production
method upon commencement of production. Where proven and probable reserves have not been established, the project s capitalized
expenditures are depleted over the estimated extraction life using the straight-line method upon commencement of extraction. The
Company has not established proven or probable reserves for any of its projects. 

The carrying values of the mineral rights
are assessed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis and as required whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment
loss is recognized if it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. 

Databases  

Expenditures relating to mineral property
databases are capitalized upon acquisition while those developed internally are expensed as incurred. Mineral property databases
are tested for impairment whenever events or changes indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable. An impairment loss
is recognized if it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. Mineral property databases
are amortized using the straight-line method over a five-year period during which management believes these assets will contribute
to the Company s cash flows. Databases are included in Mineral Rights and Properties on the balance sheet. 

Land Use Agreements  

Expenditures relating to mineral property
land use agreements are capitalized upon acquisition. Mineral property land use agreements are tested for impairment whenever
events or changes indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if it is determined
that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. Mineral property land use agreements are amortized using the
straight-line method over a ten-year period during which management believes these assets will contribute to the Company s
cash flows. Land use agreements are included in Mineral Rights and Properties on the balance sheet. 

Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated to their estimated residual values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, as
follows: 

Hobson processing facility: 15 years   

Mining and logging equipment and vehicles: 5 to 10 years   

Computer equipment: 3 years   

Furniture and fixtures: 5 years   

Leasehold improvements: Term of lease   

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Circumstances which
could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse
changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected
for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses
or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely
than not be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. Recoverability of these assets is measured
by comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. An impairment
loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. 

URANIUM ENERGY
CORP.   

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Income Taxes  

The Company follows the liability method of
accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax balances. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income for
the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the date of enactment. The Company recognizes deferred
taxes on unrealized gains directly within other comprehensive income, and concurrently releases part of the valuation allowance
resulting in no impact within other comprehensive income or on the balance sheet. The Company s policy is to accrue any
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. Additionally, ASC 740: Income Taxes,
requires that the Company recognize in its financial statements the impact of a tax position that is more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. 

Restoration and Remediation Costs (Asset
Retirement Obligations)  

Various federal and state mining laws and
regulations require the Company to reclaim the surface areas and restore underground water quality for its mine projects to the
pre-existing mine area average quality after the completion of mining. 

Future reclamation and remediation costs,
which include extraction equipment removal and environmental remediation, are accrued at the end of each period based on management s
best estimate of the costs expected to be incurred for each project. Such estimates consider the costs of future surface and groundwater
activities, current regulations, actual expenses incurred, and technology and industry standards. 

In accordance with ASC 410: Asset Retirement
and Environmental Obligations, the Company capitalizes the measured fair value of asset retirement obligations to mineral rights
and properties. The asset retirement obligations are accreted to an undiscounted value until the time at which they are expected
to be settled. The accretion expense is charged to earnings and the actual retirement costs are recorded against the asset retirement
obligations when incurred. Any difference between the recorded asset retirement obligations and the actual retirement costs incurred
will be recorded as a gain or loss in the period of settlement. 

On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews
the assumptions used to estimate the expected cash flows required to settle the asset retirement obligations, including changes
in estimated probabilities, amounts and timing of the settlement of the asset retirement obligations, as well as changes in any
regulatory or legal obligations for each of its mineral projects. Changes in any one or more of these assumptions may cause revision
of asset retirement obligations and the associated underlying assets. Revisions to the asset retirement obligations associated
with fully depleted projects (with a carrying value of $Nil) are charged to the statement of operations. 

Revenue Recognition  

The recognition of revenue from sales of uranium
concentrates is in accordance with the guidelines outlined in ASC Section 605-10-25, Revenue Recognition. The Company delivers
its uranium concentrates to a uranium storage facility and once the product is confirmed to meet the required specifications,
the Company receives credit for a specified quantity measured in pounds. Future sales of uranium concentrates are expected to
generally occur under uranium supply agreements or through the uranium spot market. Once a sale of uranium concentrates is negotiated,
the Company will notify the uranium storage facility with instructions for a title transfer to the customer. Revenue is recognized
once a title transfer of the uranium concentrates is confirmed by the uranium storage facility at which point the customer is
invoiced by the Company. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company follows ASC 718: Compensation -
Stock Compensation, which addresses the accounting for stock-based payment transactions, requiring such transactions to be accounted
for using the fair value method. Awards of shares for property or services are recorded at the more readily measurable fair value
of the stock and the fair value of the service. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the grant
date fair value of stock option awards under ASC 718. The fair value is charged to earnings over the period in which the award
was earned, depending on the terms and conditions of the award and the nature of the relationship between the recipient and the
Company. For employees and management, the fair value is charged to earnings on an accelerated basis over the vesting period of
the award. For consultants, the fair value is charged to earnings over the term of the service period, with unvested amounts revalued
at each reporting period over the service period. The Company estimates the expected forfeitures and updates the valuation accordingly. 

From time to time, the Company issues shares
of its common stock as compensation to the Company s directors, officers and employees and for various consulting services.
The fair values of the shares are measured using the closing price of the Company s shares on the issuance date. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per share includes no
potential dilution and is computed by dividing the earnings (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflect the potential dilution of securities
that could share in the earnings (loss) of the Company. 

Accounting Policies Not Yet Adopted  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09, which provides a comprehensive revenue recognition standard which will supersede
previous existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard creates a five-step model for revenue recognition to achieve the objective
of recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The five-step model includes: (i) identifying the contract; (ii) identifying
the separate performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) allocating the transaction
price to the separate performance obligations; and (v) recognizing revenue when each performance obligation has been satisfied.
The standard also requires expanded disclosures surrounding revenue recognition. The standard is effective for fiscal periods beginning
after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the Company will adopt the standard effective August
1, 2018. Companies are allowed to use either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption. The Company is evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15: Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which provides guidance on determining when and
how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. ASU 2014-15 requires management to perform interim and
annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements
are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December
15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted.  Accordingly,
the Company will adopt the standard effective August 1, 2016  for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017, and does not expect
that this election will have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09: Improvement to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ( ASU 2016-09 ),
as part of its simplification initiative. ASU 2016-09 allows an entity to make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either
estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current U.S. GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. For public
business entities, ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter,
with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt the standard and election to account for forfeitures when they occur for
the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. The Company does not expect that this election will have a significant impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3:    MINERAL RIGHTS AND PROPERTIES  

Mineral Rights  

At July 31, 2016, the Company had mineral rights
in the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming and the Republic of Paraguay. These mineral rights were acquired
through staking and purchase, lease or option agreements and are subject to varying royalty interests, some of which are indexed
to the sale price of uranium. At July 31, 2016, annual maintenance payments of approximately $1,528,000 were required to maintain
these mineral rights. 

Mineral rights and property acquisition costs
consisted of the following: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company abandoned certain
mineral interests at projects located in Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming having a combined acquisition cost of $97,114. As a result,
an impairment loss on mineral properties of $97,114 was reported on the consolidated statement of operations. 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company abandoned
certain mineral interests which were outside of the previously established mineralize materials at the Salvo Project with a combined
acquisition cost of $349,805. As a result, an impairment loss on mineral property of $349,805 was reported on the consolidated
statement of operations. 

During Fiscal 2014, the Company abandoned
the Channen Project located in Texas with an acquisition cost of $428,164, the Todilto Project located in New Mexico with an acquisition
cost of $166,720 and certain other interests located in Arizona, Colorado and Texas with a combined acquisition cost of $58,340.
As a result, an impairment loss on mineral properties of $653,224 was reported on the consolidated statement of operations. 

The Company has not established proven or probable
reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry Guide 7, for any of its mineral projects. The Company has established the existence
of mineralized materials for certain uranium projects, including the Palangana Mine. Since the Company commenced uranium extraction
at the Palangana Mine without having established proven or probable reserves, there may be greater inherent uncertainty as to whether
or not any mineralized material can be economically extracted as originally planned and anticipated. 

The Palangana Mine has been the Company s
sole source for the uranium concentrates sold to generate its sales revenues during Fiscal 2015, Fiscal 2013 and 2012, with no
sales revenues generated during Fiscal 2016, 2014 and prior to Fiscal 2012. The economic viability of the Company s mining
activities, including the expected duration and profitability of the Palangana Mine and of any future satellite ISR mines, such
as the Burke Hollow and Goliad Projects, located within the South Texas Uranium Belt, has many risks and uncertainties. These include,
but are not limited to: (i) a significant, prolonged decrease in the market price of uranium; (ii) difficulty in marketing and/or
selling uranium concentrates; (iii) significantly higher than expected capital costs to construct the mine and/or processing plant;
(iv) significantly higher than expected extraction costs; (v) significantly lower than expected uranium extraction; (vi) significant
delays, reductions or stoppages of uranium extraction activities; and (vii) the introduction of significantly more stringent regulatory
laws and regulations. The Company s mining activities may change as a result of any one or more of these risks and uncertainties
and there is no assurance that any ore body that we extract mineralized materials from will result in profitable mining activities. 

The estimated depletion and amortization of
mineral rights and properties for the next five fiscal years are as follows: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Mineral property expenditures incurred by major
projects were as follows: 

Palangana Mine, Texas  

The Company holds various mining lease and
surface use agreements granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Palangana Mine,
a 6,987-acre property located in Duval County, Texas approximately 100 miles south of the Hobson Processing Facility. These agreements
are subject to certain royalty and overriding royalty interests indexed to the sale price of uranium and generally have an initial
five-year term with extension provisions. 

During Fiscal 2016, the asset retirement obligations
( ARO ) of the Palangana Mine were revised due to changes in the estimated timing of restoration and reclamation of
the Palangana Mine, resulting in the corresponding mineral rights and properties being reduced by $144,107, and a credit amount
of revaluation of ARO totaling $308,398 being recorded against the mineral property expenditures for the Palangana Mine. Refer
to Note 9: Asset Retirement Obligations. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company continued with
the strategic plan of reduced operations implemented in Fiscal 2014 and further reduced operations at the Palangana Mine to capture
residual uranium only. As a result, no depletion for the Palangana Mine was recorded on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs of the
Palangana Mine were $6,443,028 (July 31, 2015: $6,587,135), less accumulated depletion of $3,929,884 (July 31, 2015: $3,929,884),
for a net book value of $2,513,144 (July 31, 2015: $2,657,251). 

Goliad Project, Texas  

The Company holds various mining lease and
surface use agreements granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Goliad Project,
a 1,139-acre property located in Goliad County, Texas. These agreements are subject to certain royalty interests indexed to the
sale price of uranium and have an initial five-year term with extension provisions. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled
$8,689,127 (July 31, 2015: $8,689,127). 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Burke Hollow Project, Texas  

The Company holds various mining lease and
surface use agreements granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Burke Hollow Project,
a 19,335-acre property located in Bee County, Texas. These agreements are subject to certain royalty interests indexed to the sale
price of uranium and have an initial five-year term with extension provisions. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled $1,495,750
(July 31, 2015: $1,495,750). 

Longhorn Project, Texas  

The Company holds various mining lease and
surface use agreements granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Longhorn Project,
a 651-acre property located in Live Oak County, Texas. These agreements are subject to certain royalty interests indexed to the
sale price of uranium and have an initial five-year term with extension provisions. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled
$116,870 (July 31, 2015: $116,870). 

Salvo Project, Texas  

The Company holds various mining lease and
surface use agreements granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Salvo Project,
a 1,847-acre property located in Bee County, Texas. These agreements are subject to certain royalty interests indexed to the sale
price of uranium and have an initial five-year term with extension provisions. 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company abandoned certain mineral interests which were outside of the boundaries
of the previously reported mineralized materials at the Salvo Project with a combined acquisition cost of $349,805. At July 31,
2016, capitalized costs totaled $14,905 (July 31, 2015: $14,905). 

Nichols Project, Texas  

The Company holds a mining lease and surface
use agreement granting the Company the exclusive right to explore, develop and mine for uranium at the Nichols Project, a 909-acre
property located in Karnes County, Texas. The agreement is subject to certain royalty interests indexed to the sale price of uranium
and has an initial five-year term with extension provisions. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled $154,774 (July 31, 2015:
$154,774). 

Anderson Project, Arizona  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in contiguous mineral lode claims and state leases in the Anderson Project, a 8,268-acre property located in Yavapai County, Arizona.
At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled $9,154,268 (July 31, 2015: $9,154,268). 

Workman Creek Project, Arizona  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in contiguous mineral lode claims in the Workman Creek Project, a 4,036-acre property located in Gila County, Arizona. The Workman
Creek Project is subject to a 3.0% net smelter royalty requiring an annual advance royalty payment of $50,000 for 2016 and 2017,
and $100,000 thereafter. The Company has an exclusive right and option to acquire one-half (1.5%) of the net smelter royalty for
$1,000,000 at any time until January 21, 2024. Additionally, certain individuals hold an option to acquire a 0.5% net smelter royalty
exercisable by paying the Company the sum of $333,340 at any time until January 21, 2024. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled
$1,472,008 (July 31, 2015: $1,472,008). 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Los Cuatros Project, Arizona  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in a state lease in the Los Cuatros Project, a 640-acre property located in Maricopa County, Arizona. At July 31, 2016, capitalized
costs totaled $257,250 (July 31, 2015: $257,250). 

Slick Rock Project, Colorado  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in contiguous mineral lode claims in the Slick Rock Project, a 5,333-acre property located in San Miguel County, Colorado. Certain
claims of the Slick Rock Project are subject to a 1.0% or 3.0% net smelter royalty, the latter requiring an annual advance royalty
payment of $30,000 beginning in November 2017. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company abandoned
certain mineral interests in the Slick Rock project with acquisition cost of $45,621. As a result, an impairment loss on mineral
properties of $45,621 was reported on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. At July 31, 2016, capitalized
acquisition costs totaled $615,650 (July 31, 2015: $661,271). 

Yuty Project, Paraguay  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in one exploitation concession in the Yuty Project, a 289,680-acre property located in Paraguay. The Yuty Project is subject to
an overriding royalty of $0.21 per pound of uranium produced from the Yuty Project. At July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled
$11,947,144 (July 31, 2015: $11,947,144). 

Coronel Oviedo Project, Paraguay  

The Company holds an undivided 100% interest
in one exploration permit in the Coronel Oviedo Project, a 464,548-acre property located in Paraguay. The Coronel Oviedo Project
is subject to a 1.5% gross overriding royalty over which the Company has an exclusive right and option at any time to acquire one-half
percent (0.5%) for $166,667 and a right of first refusal to acquire all or any portion of the remaining one percent (1.0%). At
July 31, 2016, capitalized costs totaled $1,133,412 (July 31, 2015: $1,133,412). 

NOTE 4:    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  

Property, plant and equipment consisted of
the following: 

Hobson Processing Facility  

During
Fiscal 2016, no uranium concentrate was processed at the Hobson Processing Facility due to the further reduced operations at the
Palangana Mine. As a result, no depreciation for the Hobson Processing Facility was recorded on the consolidated financial statements
for Fiscal 2016.  

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

NOTE 5:    RECLAMATION DEPOSITS  

Reclamation deposits include interest and non-interest
bearing deposits issued in the States of Arizona, Texas and Wyoming relating to exploration, pre-extraction, extraction and reclamation
activities in the respective states. Reclamation deposits consisted of the following: 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company secured $5.6
million of surety bonds, subject to a 2% annual premium on the face value, as an alternate source of financial assurance for its
future remediation and decommissioning activities at the Palangana Mine and Hobson Processing Facility. These surety bonds replaced
an equivalent amount of reclamation deposits funded entirely through cash payments by the Company, providing for the release of
$3.9 million in cash to the Company. The remaining $1.7 million, representing 30% of the face value of the surety bonds, is held
as restricted cash for collateral purposes as required by the surety. 

NOTE 6:    OTHER LONG-TERM ASSET AND LIABILITY  

On March 4, 2016, the Company entered into
a share purchase and option agreement (the  SPOA ) with CIC Resources Inc. (the  Vendor ) pursuant to which
the Company acquired (the  Acquisition ) all of the issued and outstanding shares of JDL Resources Inc. ( JDL ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Vendor, and was granted an option to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of CIC Resources
(Paraguay) Inc. ( CIC  the  Option ), another wholly-owned subsidiary of the Vendor.  JDL s
principal assets include land located in the department of Alto Parana in the Republic of Paraguay.  CIC is the beneficial
owner of Paraguay Resources Inc.   which   is the 100% owner
of certain titanium mineral concessions (the  Property ), which are located in the departments of Alto Parana and Canindey 
in the Republic of Paraguay. 

Pursuant to the SPOA, the Company issued 1,333,560
restricted common shares in the capital of the Company and paid $50,000 in cash to complete the Acquisition. If the Company has
paid or caused to have paid on the Vendor s behalf certain maintenance payments and assessment work required to keep the
Property in good standing as directed by the Vendor, during the one-year period following completion of the Acquisition (the  Option
Period ), the Company may elect in its discretion to exercise the Option at any time, or if, in accordance with the SPOA,
the Vendor satisfied certain conditions precedent to exercise, the Company will be deemed to have exercised the Option.  Upon
exercise of the Option the Company is required to pay, subject to certain adjustments, $250,000 in cash to the Vendor and to grant
to the Vendor a 1.5% net smelter returns royalty (the  Royalty ) on the Property as contemplated by a proposed net
smelter returns royalty agreement (the  Royalty Agreement ) to be executed by the parties upon exercise of the Option. 
Pursuant to the proposed Royalty Agreement, the Company has the right, exercisable at any time for a period of six years following
exercise of the Option, to acquire one-half percent (0.5%) of the Royalty at a purchase price of $500,000. 

In accordance with Accounting Standard Codification
( ASC ) 360: Property, Plant and Equipment, the acquisition of JDL was accounted for as an asset acquisition as it
was determined that JDL s operations do not meet the definition of a business as defined in ASC 805: Business Combinations. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The fair value of the consideration paid and
its allocation to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are summarized as follows: 

The Company holds a variable interest in CIC
as a result of the Option, however, it is not the primary beneficiary due to the fact that the Company does not have the power
over decisions that significantly affect CIC s economic performance. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate the results
of CIC and therefore, the other long-term asset effectively represents the amount paid in advance for CIC s assets totaling
$1,303,388 and $250,000 to be paid upon the exercise of the Option for the acquisition of CIC. 

The Company s maximum exposure to loss
from the unconsolidated variable interest entity at July 31, 2016, which would arise if UEC is unable to exercise the Option, was
approximately $1.3 million, representing the value of the Option with allocated fair value of $1,553,388, net of cash payable of
$250,000 upon exercise of   the Option. 

The $250,000 cash payment which the Company
will be required to make upon exercise of the Option has been recorded as a liability within Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities,
and included in the calculation of consideration transferred as it is probable that this payment will be made. 

The liability of $315,519 represents the net
amount due from JDL and its subsidiary to CIC and its subsidiary (formerly these entities were both part of the Vendor s
consolidated group). The amount has been classified as non-current as it has no stated terms of interest or repayment and not expected
to be settled within the next twelve months. 

If the Company elects to exercise the Option
in accordance with the SPOA, the Company is required to pay annual maintenance fees totaling $152,000 for the titanium mineral
concessions. 

NOTE 7:    DUE TO RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company incurred $164,566
(Fiscal 2015: $148,602; Fiscal 2014: $152,090) in general and administrative costs paid to a company controlled by a direct family
member of a current officer. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company issued 117,998
restricted common shares with a fair value of $109,738 as settlement of amounts owed to this company totaling $98,371. As a result,
a loss on settlement of current liabilities of $11,367 was recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss. During Fiscal 2015, the Company issued 15,000 restricted shares of common stock to this company for consulting services with
a fair value of $18,150, which was included in general and administrative costs. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

During Fiscal 2014, the Company incurred $33,000
in consulting fees paid to a company controlled by a former director of the Company. 

At July 31, 2016, amounts owed to related
parties totaled $Nil (July 31, 2015: $14,660). These amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

NOTE 8:     LONG-TERM
                                         DEBT   

On February 9, 2016, the Company entered into
a second amended and restated credit agreement (the  Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ) with its lenders,
Sprott Resource Lending Partnership, CEF (Capital Markets) Limited and Resource Income Partners Limited Partnership (collectively,
the  Lenders ), whereby the Company and the Lenders agreed to certain further amendments to the $20,000,000 senior
secured credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), under which: 

The key terms of the Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement are summarized as follows: 

deferral of the monthly principal payments (each of which is equal to one-twelfth of the principal
balance then outstanding) commencement date from July 31, 2016 to February 1, 2019;   

re-pricing and extension of the existing bonus warrants comprised of 2,600,000 share purchase warrants,
each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price reduced from $2.50 to $1.35 per share
until expiry, extended by a further one and a half years from July 30, 2018 to January 30, 2020, subject to accelerated exercise
whereby, upon notification by the Company, the warrant holders will have 30 days to exercise their warrants should the ten trading-day
volume-weighted average price of the Company s shares equal or exceed $2.70;   

issuance of second extension fee shares equal to 4% of the principal balance outstanding or $800,000
paid to the Lenders by way of the issuance of 959,613 restricted shares of the Company with a price per share based on a 10% discount
to the five trading-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s shares;   

payment of anniversary fees to the Lenders on each of February 1, 2017, 2018 and 2019, of 5.5%,
4.5% and 4.5%, respectively, of the principal balance then outstanding, if any, payable at the option of the Company in cash or
shares of the Company with a price per share calculated as a 10% discount to the five trading-day volume-weighted average price
of the Company s shares immediately prior to the applicable date; and   

maintenance at all times of a working capital ratio of not less than 1:1. Working capital ratio
is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities, excluding the effects of principal payments on the determination
of working capital.   

The Company is required to use the proceeds
of the Credit Facility received in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2014 for the development, operation and maintenance of the Hobson Processing
Facility, the Goliad Project and the Palangana Mine and for working capital purposes. 

Under the terms of the Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement, the non-revolving Credit Facility has an interest rate of 8% per annum, compounded and payable on a
monthly basis. An underlying effective interest rate of 14.28% has been calculated under the assumption that the Company will carry
the full principal balance of $20,000,000 to its contractual maturity on January 1, 2020 without exercising the prepayment feature,
and therefore, the anniversary fee payments of $1,100,000, $900,000 and $900,000, which are calculated on the principal balance
then outstanding and can be made in shares or cash at the Company s discretion, will become due on each of February 1, 2017,
2018 and 2019, respectively. 

The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
supersedes, in their entirety, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement of March 13, 2014 and the Credit Agreement dated of July
30, 2013. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The incremental value associated with the re-pricing
and extension of the bonus warrants was determined to be $104,915 and has been recorded as an additional discount on long-term
debt. The incremental value was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

At July 31, 2016, long-term debt consisted
of the following: 

In Fiscal 2016, the amortization of debt discount
totaled $1,245,615 (Fiscal 2015: $1,353,773; Fiscal 2014: $1,498,858), which was recorded as interest expense and included in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

During Fiscal 2016, prior to the execution
of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement of
March 13, 2014, the Company paid bonus shares to its lenders through the issuance of 752,320 restricted shares with a fair value
of $900,000, representing 4.5% of the $20,000,000 principal balance outstanding at July 31, 2015, which was recorded as a discount
on long-term debt to be amortized using the effective interest rate over the life of the long-term debt. 

The aggregate yearly maturities of long-term
debt based on principal amounts outstanding at July 31, 2016 are as follows: 

NOTE 9:    ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS  

The Company s asset retirement obligations
relate to future remediation and decommissioning activities at the Palangana Mine and Hobson Processing Facility. 

During Fiscal 2016, ARO for the Palangana Mine
were revised due to changes in the estimated timing of restoration and reclamation of the Palangana Mine. As a result, ARO liabilities
associated with the Palangana Mine were reduced by $452,505, the corresponding mineral rights and properties were reduced by $144,107,
and a credit amount of re-valuation of ARO totaling $308,398 was recognized as a result of a downward adjustment to fully depleted
underlying mineral rights and properties, which was recorded against the mineral property expenditures for the Palangana Mine. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The estimated amounts and timing of cash flows
and assumptions used for the ARO estimates are as follows: 

The undiscounted amounts of estimated cash
flows for the next five years and beyond are as follows: 

Equity Financing  

During Fiscal 2014, the Company filed a Form
S-3  Shelf  Registration Statement effective January 10, 2014 (the  2014 Shelf ) providing for the public
offer and sale of certain securities of the Company from time to time, at its discretion, up to an aggregate offering of $100 million. 

On March 10, 2016, the Company completed a
registered offering of 12,364,704 units at a price of $0.85 per unit for gross proceeds of $10,510,000 (the  March 2016 Offering )
pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the 2014 Shelf. Each unit is comprised of one share of the Company and half of one share
purchase warrant, with each whole warrant being exercisable at a price of $1.20 to purchase one share of the Company totaling 6,182,351
for a three year period from the date of issuance. The Company issued share purchase warrants to agents as part of share issuance
costs to purchase 411,997 shares of the Company exercisable at a price of $1.20 per share also for a three year period. 

The shares were valued at the Company s
closing price of $0.81 per share at March 10, 2016. The share purchase warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The net proceeds from the March 2016 Offering
were allocated to the fair value of the shares and share purchase warrants as presented below: 

On June 25, 2015, the Company completed a public
offering of 5,000,000 units at a price of $2.00 per unit for gross proceeds of $10,000,000 (the  June 2015 Offering )
pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the 2014 Shelf. Each unit was comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and
one-half of one share purchase warrant, each whole warrant exercisable at a price of $2.35 for a three year period to purchase
one share of the Company totaling 2,500,000 shares. The Company issued share purchase warrants to agents as part of share issuance
costs to purchase 350,000 shares of the Company exercisable at a price of $2.35 per share for a three year period. 

The shares were valued at the Company s
closing price of $1.60 at June 25, 2015. The share purchase warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following assumptions: 

Expected Risk Free Interest Rate    
        1.06  %  
 
     Expected Annual Volatility    
        71.23  %  
 
     Expected Contractual Life in Years    
        3.00     
 
     Expected Annual Dividend Yield    
        0  %  

The net proceeds from the June 2015 Offering were
allocated to the fair value of the shares and share purchase warrants as presented below: 

At July 31, 2016, a total of $35.1 million
of the 2014 Shelf was utilized through the following registered offerings and sales of units, with a remaining available balance
of $64.9 million under the 2014 Shelf: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

on June 25, 2015: $10.0 million in gross proceeds through an offering of units consisting of the
Company s shares and share purchase warrants and $6.7 million representing the aggregate exercise price of those share purchase
warrants and agents  share purchase warrants should they be exercised in full; and   

on March 10, 2016: $10.5 million in gross proceeds through an offering of units consisting of the
Company s shares and share purchase warrants and $7.9 million representing the aggregate exercise price of those share purchase
warrants and agents  share purchase warrants should they be exercised in full.   

On October 23, 2013, the Company completed
a public offering of 3,380,954 units at a price of $2.10 per unit for gross proceeds of $7,100,003 pursuant to a prospectus supplement
to a Form S-3  Shelf  Registration Statement effective September 2, 2011 (the  2011 Shelf ). Each unit
was comprised of one share of the Company and 0.55 of one share purchase warrant, each whole warrant exercisable at a price of
$2.60 for a three year period to purchase one share of the Company totaling 1,859,524 shares. 

The shares were valued at the Company s
closing price of $1.89 at October 23, 2013. The share purchase warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
with the following assumptions: 

Expected Risk Free Interest Rate    
        0.60  %  
 
     Expected Annual Volatility    
        66.34  %  
 
     Expected Contractual Life in Years    
        3.00     
 
     Expected Annual Dividend Yield    
        0  %  

The net proceeds from the equity financing
were allocated to the fair values of the shares and share purchase warrants as presented below: 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company
completed a public offer and sale of 280,045 shares at a price of $1.70 per share for gross proceeds of $474,788 under the
2011 Shelf through the  at-the-market  offerings pursuant to a Controlled Equity Offering SM  Sales
Agreement effective December 31, 2013 between Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. and the Company.  

The 2011 Shelf expired on September 2,
2014. As a result, no further public offer and sale of the Company s shares may be completed pursuant to an ATM Offering
under the 2011 Shelf. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Share Transactions  

A summary of the Company s share transactions
for Fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

(1) 631,250 options were exercised
on a forfeiture basis resulting in 387,842 net shares issued. 

 (2) 535,000 options were exercised
on a forfeiture basis resulting in 230,267 net shares issued. 

Share Purchase Warrants  

A summary of share purchase warrants outstanding
and exercisable at July 31, 2016 are as follows: 

On February 9, 2016, as part of the terms of
the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the 2,600,000 bonus warrants originally issued under the Credit Agreement were
re-priced to $1.35 from $2.50 and extended by one and a half years to January 30, 2020. Refer to Note 8. 

Stock Options  

At July 31, 2016, the Company had one
stock option plan, the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the  201 6  Plan ). The 2016
Plan provides for up to   18,892,856 shares of the Company that may be issued and consists
of (i) 10,467,134 shares issuable pursuant to awards previously granted that were outstanding under the 2015 Stock Incentive
Plan (the  2015 Plan ); (ii) 7,225,722 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2015 Plan; and (iii)
1,200,000 additional shares that may be issued pursuant to awards that may be granted under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan
supersedes and replaces the Company s prior 2015 Plan, which superseded and replaced the Company s prior 2014,
2013, 2009 and 2006 Stock Incentive Plans (collectively the  Stock Incentive Plan ), such that no further shares
are issuable under those prior plans. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company granted stock
options under the Stock Incentive Plan to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants to purchase a total
of 3,033,000 shares of the Company exercisable at a price range from $0.93 to $1.32 per share over a five-year term. 

During Fiscal 2015, the Company granted stock
options under the Stock Incentive Plan to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants to purchase a total
of 7,640,000 shares of the Company exercisable at a price range from $1.20 to $1.32 per share over a five-year term. 

Majority of these stock options are subject
to an 18-month vesting provision whereby at the end of each of the first three, six, 12 and 18 months after the grant date, 25%
of the total stock option grant becomes exercisable. 

The five-year contractual term for the above
grants is significantly different from the 10-year contractual term generally applicable to the stock options previously granted
by the Company. Since no relevant historical information was available to provide a reasonable basis in estimating the expected
life, the Company adopted the simplified method, being the mid-point of the average vesting date and the end of the contractual
term, to estimate the expected life for these stock options. 

A summary of stock options granted by the Company
during Fiscal 2016, including corresponding grant date fair values and assumptions using the Black-Scholes option pricing model,
is as follows: 

A continuity schedule of outstanding stock
options for the underlying common shares at July 31, 2016, and the changes during the periods, is as follows: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

In December 2014, the Company cancelled certain
stock options previously granted to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants to purchase a total of 4,294,000
shares of the Company exercisable at prices ranging from $2.25 to $5.65 per share with original contractual terms of 10 years. 

At July 31, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value
under the provisions of ASC 718 of all outstanding stock options was estimated at $671,353 (vested: $622,513 and unvested: $48,840). 

At July 31, 2016, unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the Company s Stock Incentive Plans was $921,345 expected to be recognized
over 0.78 years. 

A summary of stock options outstanding and
exercisable at July 31, 2016 is as follows: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

Stock-Based Compensation  

A summary of stock-based compensation expense
for Fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

The following table reconciles the weighted
average number of shares used in the computation of basic and diluted loss per share for Fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014: 

For Fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, all outstanding
stock options and share purchase warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share since the Company reported
net losses for those periods and their effects would be anti-dilutive. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

At July 31, 2016, the Company had U.S.
and Canadian net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $137.2 million and $6.1 million in Canadian dollars, respectively,
that may be available to reduce future years  taxable income. These carry-forwards will begin to expire, if not utilized,
commencing in 2023. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these consolidated
financial statements, as their realization has been determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a
full valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The Company reviews its valuation allowance
requirements on an annual basis based on projected future operations. When circumstances change resulting in a change in management s
judgement about the recoverability of future tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance will generally be
reflected in current income. 

A reconciliation of income tax computed at
the federal and state statutory tax rates including the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

The actual income tax provisions differ from
the expected amounts calculated by applying the combined federal and state corporate income tax rates to the Company s loss
before income taxes. The components of these differences are as follows: 

The Company has incurred taxable losses for
all years since inception and accordingly, no provision for current income tax has been recorded for the current or any prior fiscal
year. During Fiscal 2016, the Company recorded a deferred income tax benefit of $32,239 (Fiscal 2015: $35,413; Fiscal 2014: $69,709)
on the consolidated statements of operations. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The components of income (loss) from operations
before income taxes, by tax jurisdiction, are as follows: 

The Company s deferred tax assets (liabilities)
are as follows: 

As the criteria for recognizing future income
tax assets have not been met due to the uncertainty of realization, a valuation allowance of 100% has been recorded for the current
and prior years. 

The Company s U.S. net operating loss
carry-forwards expire as follows: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a change
in ownership under IRC Section 382 may have occurred in a prior year. If an ownership change has occurred, the utilization of these
losses against future income would be subject to an annual limitation. The annual limitation would be equal to the value of the
Company immediately prior to the change in ownership multiplied by the IRC Section 382 rate in effect during the month of the change. 

The Company s Canadian net operating
loss carry-forwards in Canadian dollars expire as follows: 

NOTE 13:    SEGMENTED INFORMATION  

The Company currently operates in a single
reportable segment and is focused on uranium mining and related activities, including exploration, pre-extraction, extraction and
processing of uranium concentrates. 

At July 31, 2016, long-term assets located
in the U.S. were $33,172,502 or 69% of the Company s total long-term assets of $48,175,670. 

The table below provides a breakdown of the
Company s long-term assets by geographic segment: 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

The table below provides a breakdown of the
Company s operating results by geographic segment. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

NOTE 14:    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION  

During Fiscal 2016, the Company issued 1,429,650
(Fiscal 2015: 1,108,390; Fiscal 2014: 635,303) restricted shares with a fair value of $1,372,381 (Fiscal 2015: $1,851,074; Fiscal
2014: $1,101,932) for consulting services. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company issued 826,782
shares with a fair value of $726,244 to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants under its Stock Incentive
Plan. During Fiscal 2015, the Company issued 174,437 bonus shares with a fair value of $235,490 to the Company s directors,
officers, employees and consultants under its Stock Incentive Plan. During Fiscal 2014, the Company issued 30,386 restricted shares
with a fair value of $55,000 to two directors of the Company for bonuses. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company paid $1,626,667
(Fiscal 2015: $1,484,444; Fiscal 2014:$1,372,222) in cash for interest on the long-term debt. During Fiscal 2016, the Company paid
$114,145 (Fiscal 2015: $112,681; Fiscal 2014: $Nil) for the surety bond premium. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company issued 487,574
shares with a fair value of $453,444 as settlement of certain payables totaling $406,476. 

During Fiscal 2016, the Company entered into
a SPOA with CIC Resources Inc., pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of JDL Resources
Inc. As consideration, the Company paid $50,000 in cash and issued 1,333,560 restricted shares with a fair value of $1,226,875. 

During Fiscal 2014, the Company issued 30,304
restricted shares with a fair value of $34,850 as part of an annual advance royalty payment for the Workman Creek Project. 

NOTE 15:    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The Company is renting or leasing various office
or storage space located in the United States, Canada and Paraguay with total monthly payments of $18,489. Office lease agreements
expire between July 2018 and March 2021 for the United States and Canada. 

The aggregate minimum payments over the next
five years are as follows: 

The Company is committed to pay its key executives
a total of $823,000 per year for management services. 

The Company is subject to ordinary routine
litigation incidental to its business. Except as disclosed below, the Company is not aware of any material legal proceedings pending
or that have been threatened against the Company. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

On or about March 9, 2011, the Texas Commission
on Environmental Quality (the  TCEQ ) granted the Company s applications for a Class III Injection Well Permit,
Production Area Authorization and Aquifer Exemption for its Goliad Project.  On or about December 4, 2012, the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (the  EPA ) concurred with the TCEQ issuance of the Aquifer Exemption permit (the  AE ). 
With the receipt of this concurrence, the final authorization required for uranium extraction, the Goliad Project achieved fully-permitted
status.  On or about May 24, 2011, a group of petitioners, inclusive of Goliad County, appealed the TCEQ action to the 250 th  District
Court in Travis County, Texas.  A motion filed by the Company to intervene in this matter was granted. The petitioners 
appeal lay dormant until on or about June 14, 2013, when the petitioners filed their initial brief in support of their position. 
On or about January 18, 2013, a different group of petitioners, exclusive of Goliad County, filed a petition
for review with the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in the United States (the  Fifth Circuit ) to appeal the
EPA s decision.  On or about March 5, 2013, a motion filed by the Company to intervene in this matter was granted.  The
parties attempted to resolve both appeals, to facilitate discussions and avoid further legal costs. The parties jointly agreed,
through mediation initially conducted through the Fifth Circuit on or about August 8, 2013, to abate the proceedings in the State
District Court. On or about August 21, 2013, the State District Court agreed to abate the proceedings.  The EPA subsequently
filed a motion to remand without vacatur with the Fifth Circuit wherein the EPA s stated purpose was to elicit additional
public input and further explain its rationale for the approval.  In requesting the remand without vacatur, which would allow
the AE to remain in place during the review period, the EPA denied the existence of legal error and stated that it was unaware
of any additional information that would merit reversal of the AE.  The Company and the TCEQ filed a request to the Fifth
Circuit for the motion to remand without vacatur, and if granted, to be limited to a 60-day review period.  On December 9,
2013, by way of a procedural order from a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit, the Court granted the remand without vacatur
and initially limited the review period to 60 days. In March of 2014, at the EPA s request, the Fifth Circuit extended the
EPA s time period for review and additionally, during that same period, the Company conducted a joint groundwater survey
of the site, the result of which reaffirmed the Company s previously filed groundwater direction studies. On or about June
17, 2014, the EPA reaffirmed its earlier decision to uphold the granting of the Company s existing AE, with the exception
of a northwestern portion containing less than 10% of the uranium resource which was withdrawn, but not denied, from the AE area
until additional information is provided in the normal course of mine development. On or about September 9, 2014, the petitioners
filed a status report with the State District Court which included a request to remove the stay agreed to in August 2013 and to
set a briefing schedule (the  Status Report ). In that Status Report, the petitioners also stated that they had decided
not to pursue their appeal at the Fifth Circuit. The Company continues to believe that the pending appeal is without
merit and is continuing as planned towards uranium extraction at its fully-permitted Goliad Project. 

On or about April 3, 2012, the Company received
notification of a lawsuit filed in the State of Arizona, in the Superior Court for the County of Yavapai, by certain petitioners
(the  Plaintiffs ) against a group of defendants, including the Company and former management and board members of
Concentric Energy Corp. ( Concentric ). The lawsuit asserts certain claims relating to the Plaintiffs  equity
investments in Concentric, including allegations that the former management and board members of Concentric engaged in various
wrongful acts prior to and/or in conjunction with the merger of Concentric. The lawsuit originally further alleged that the Company
was contractually liable for liquidated damages arising from a pre-merger transaction which the Company previously acknowledged
and recorded as an accrued liability, and which portion of the lawsuit was settled in full by a cash payment of $149,194 to the
Plaintiffs and subsequently dismissed. The court dismissed several other claims set forth in the Plaintiffs  initial complaint,
but granted the Plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint.  The court denied a subsequent motion to dismiss the amended
complaint, finding that the pleading met the minimal pleading requirements under the applicable procedural rules.  In October
2013, the Company filed a formal response denying liability for any of the Plaintiffs  remaining claims. The court set the
case for a four-week jury trial that was to take place in Yavapai County, Arizona, in April 2016.  In November 2015, after
the completion of discovery, the Company and the remaining defendants filed motions for summary judgment, seeking to dismiss all
of the Plaintiffs  remaining claims.  While those motions were pending, the parties reached a settlement agreement with
respect to all claims asserted by the Plaintiffs in that lawsuit.  A formal settlement and release agreement was subsequently
executed, pursuant to which all of the Plaintiffs  claims in the Arizona lawsuit were dismissed with prejudice.  Pursuant
to the terms of the settlement agreement, the Defendants collectively paid $500,000 to the Plaintiffs, of which $50,000 was paid
by the Company. 

On June 1, 2015, the Company received notice
that Westminster Securities Corporation ( Westminster ) filed a suit in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, alleging a breach of contract relating to certain four-year warrants issued by Concentric in December 2008. 
Although the Concentric warrants expired by their terms on December 31, 2012, Westminster bases its claim upon transactions allegedly
occurring prior to UEC s merger with Concentric.  The Company believes that this claim lacks merit and intends
to vigorously defend the same. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  JULY 31, 2016  

On or about June 29, 2015, Heather M. Stephens
filed a class action complaint against the Company and two of its executive officers in the United States District Court, Southern
District of Texas, with an amended class action complaint filed on November 16, 2015, (the  Securities Case ) seeking
unspecified damages and alleging the defendants violated Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company filed a motion to dismiss and on July 15, 2016, the U.S. District Court for
the Southern District of Texas entered a final judgement dismissing the case in its entirety with prejudice. On September 22, 2016,
the plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed their appeal of the district court s judgment and on September 26, 2016 the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit dismissed the Securities Case pursuant to the plaintiffs  motion. As a result, the
judgment in favor of the Company is final.  No settlement payments or any other consideration
was paid by the Company to the plaintiffs in connection with the lawsuit s dismissal.  

On or about September 10, 2015, John Price
filed a stockholder derivative complaint on behalf of the Company against the Company s Board of Directors, executive management
and three of its vice presidents in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, with an amended stockholder derivative
complaint filed on December 4, 2015, (the  Federal Derivative Case ) seeking unspecified damages on behalf of the Company
against the defendants for allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties to the Company with respect to the allegations in the Securities
Case. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss. 

On or about October 2, 2015, Marnie W. McMahon
filed a stockholder derivative complaint on behalf of the Company against the Company s Board of Directors, executive management
and three of its vice presidents in the District Court of Nevada (the  Nevada Derivative Case ) (collectively with
the Federal Derivative Case, the  Derivative Cases ) seeking unspecified damages on behalf of the Company against the
defendants for allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties to the Company with respect to the allegations in the Securities Case.
On January 21, 2016, the court granted the Company s motion to stay the Nevada Derivative Case pending the outcome of the
Federal Derivative Case. 

The Company believes that the Derivative Cases
are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the same. 

At any given time, the Company may enter into
negotiations to settle outstanding legal proceedings and any resulting accruals will be estimated based on the relevant facts and
circumstances applicable at that time.  The Company does not expect that such settlements will, individually or in the
aggregate, have a material effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

URANIUM ENERGY CORP.    

By:  
       /s/ Amir Adnani    

Amir Adnani President, Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer) and Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

By:  
       /s/ Amir Adnani    

Amir Adnani   

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal    

Executive Officer) and Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Pat Obara    

Pat Obara   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Spencer Abraham    

Spencer Abraham   

Executive Chairman
                                 and Director  

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Ivan Obolensky    

Ivan Obolensky   

Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Vincent Della Volpe    

Vincent Della Volpe   

Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ David Kong    

David Kong   

Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Ganpat Mani    

Ganpat Mani   

Director   

Date: October 13, 2016   

<EX-10.55>
 2
 v449966_ex10-55.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.55

Exhibit 10.55  

Secretary
Spenser Abraham   

  600
14 th  Street NW, Suite 400  

 Washington, DC 20005 

Dear Secretary Abraham: 

Re: 

   Uranium Energy
Corp.    (the  Company )  

   Letter respecting
Appointment as Executive Chairman   

It is with the sincerest
appreciation that we understand that you have kindly consented to join the Board of Directors of our Company (the   Board  )
and, in connection therewith, honor us further in consenting to act as the Executive Chairman of our Board (collectively, your
  Appointment  ). 

This letter (the   Letter  )
is intended to set out the basis upon which the Company is pleased to accept your Appointment and, in furtherance thereof, the
Company is pleased to confirm that the following will represent your executive compensation with the Company during your tenure
as the Executive Chairman of its Board: 

-  our Company will provide you with a monthly fee of US$10,833.33
during your tenure as Executive Chairman (representing US$130,000 on a yearly aggregate basis) and which initial monthly fee will
be due and payable one month from the effective date of your Appointment (the   Effective Date   which we will
determine by mutual agreement in due course); 

-  our Company will consider the payment of a yearly discretionary
bonus to you based on your performance as Executive Chairman; 

-  the Company will provide you with an annual fee US$20,000.00
in connection with your tenure as a director of our Company; 

-  our Company will reimburse you for all reasonable travel,
accommodation and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with your service (including business class airfare in the
event that travel is required and similar business class fare for other forms of transportation and hotel accommodation), provided
that such expenses shall be submitted to the Company for payment accompanied by appropriate documentation; and 

Suite 320
- 1111 W. Hastings St. Vancouve BC V6E 2J3 | t (866) 748 1030 f (604) 682 3591 www.uraniumenergy.com NYSE MKT: UEC   

October 1, 2016 

 Page 2 

-  our Company will, on the Effective Date, grant to you,
in accordance with the Company s current 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, a vesting incentive stock option (the   Option  )
to purchase an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable at the closing market price of the
Company s common shares on the business day immediately preceding the Effective Date, and vesting over an 18 month period
(that being as to an initial 1/4 th  vesting on the date which is three months from the Effective Date and a further
and final 1/4 th  vesting on the dates which are six, 12 and 18 months, respectively, from the Effective Date. 

In connection with
your Appointment, we confirm that it is presently expected that you will make yourself available for four formal Board meeting
per year (three of four being via conference call and one, perhaps, in New York to facilitate in-person interaction) and that you
will participate in investor meetings (which might involve group presentations or one-on-one meetings that might occur during one
week every quarter) and in overseas meetings with strategic investors (which might involve utility companies and/or state-owned
nuclear enterprises). 

This Letter is intended
to be a binding offer and a complete statement of the compensations terms of your Appointment with our Company. If the foregoing
is acceptable to you, please so indicate by executing this Letter, faxing or emailing a copy and returning the original signed
to the undersigned. We look forward to working with you and in watching our Company better prosper as a result of our association
with you. 

Yours very truly, 

Uranium Energy Corp.   

/s/ Amir Adnani  

Per:    Amir Adnani , President and CEO 

The terms of this Letter are hereby accepted
and agreed to by the undersigned effective on this 5 th  day of September, 2015. 

/s/ Secretary Spencer Abraham  

Secretary Spencer Abraham   

__________ 

Suite 320
- 1111 W. Hastings St. Vancouve BC V6E 2J3 | t (866) 748 1030 f (604) 682 3591 www.uraniumenergy.com NYSE MKT: UEC   

</EX-10.55>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 v449966_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

SUBSIDIARIES OF URANIUM ENERGY CORP.  

The following is a list of all the subsidiaries
of the Company and the corresponding state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each. All subsidiaries of the Company
are directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company. 

Name of Subsidiary  
      State or Jurisdiction of   
 Incorporation or Organization   

Cue Resources Ltd. 
     British Columbia, Canada  

Piedra Rica Mining S.A. (1)  
     Paraguay  

South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P.  (2)  
     Texas  

Transandes Paraguay S.A. (3)  
     Paraguay  

UEC Concentric Merge Corp. 
     Nevada  

UEC Paraguay Corp. 
     Nevada  

UEC Resources Ltd. 
     British Columbia, Canada  

URN South Texas Project, Ltd. (4)  
     Texas  

URN Texas GP, LLC 
     Texas  

JDL Resources Inc. 
     Cayman Islands  

Trier S.A. (5)  
     Paraguay  

Notes:  

(1)  Piedra Rica Mining S.A. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of UEC Paraguay Corp. 

(2)  URN South Texas Project, Ltd. holds a 99% interest in South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P., with
the remaining 1% interest held by URN Texas GP, LLC.   

(3)  Transandes Paraguay S.A. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Cue Resources Ltd. 

(4)  The Company directly holds a 99% interest in URN South Texas Project, Ltd., with the remaining
1% interest held by URN Texas GP, LLC.   

(5)  Trier S.A. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JDL Resources Inc.   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v449966_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the following Registration Statements: 

of our reports dated October 13, 2016, with
respect to the consolidated financial statements of Uranium Energy Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting of Uranium Energy Corp. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Uranium Energy Corp. for the year ended July 31,
2016. 

Vancouver, Canada 
       
      /s/ Ernst   Young LLP   
 
     October 13, 2016 

Chartered Professional Accountants   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v449966_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Amir Adnani, certify that: 

1.             I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Uranium Energy Corp.; 

2.             Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.             Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and   

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 13, 2016 

By: 
      /s/ Amir Adnani  

Amir Adnani 

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director  

__________ 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v449966_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Pat Obara, certify that: 

1.             I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Uranium Energy Corp.; 

2.             Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.             Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and   

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 13, 2016 

By: 
     /s/  Pat Obara  

Pat Obara 

Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

__________ 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v449966_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

The undersigned, Amir Adnani, the Chief Executive
Officer of Uranium Energy Corp. (the  Company ), and Pat Obara, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his
or her knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Annual Report on Form
10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 13, 2016 

/s/ Amir Adnani  

Amir Adnani 

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director  

/s/  Pat Obara  

Pat Obara 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

__________ 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 uec-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 uec-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 uec-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 uec-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 uec-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 uec-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

