<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-K_edgar_data_1472468_0001062993-16-011913_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3831456</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264600</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>312473</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>533253</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1673841</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947876</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011913.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028181308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011913
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XIANGTIAN (USA) AIR POWER CO., LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001472468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORS & GENERATORS [3621]
		IRS NUMBER:				980632932
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54520
		FILM NUMBER:		161959700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 6 LONGDA RD YANJIAO DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			SANHE CITY, HEBEI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			000000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		001 240-252-1578

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 6 LONGDA RD YANJIAO DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			SANHE CITY, HEBEI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			000000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Goa Sweet Tours Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090917

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011913.txt : 20161031

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., LTD: Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES    AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C. 20549   
   FORM 10-K    
  ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the year ended July 31th, 2016   
 Commission File No.   000-52735      
    XIANGTIAN (USA) AIR POWER   CO.,
LTD.       (Exact Name of Small Business Issuer as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware    
       98-0632932     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of  
     (I.R.S. employer identification no.)   
   
     incorporation or organization)  
          
  No. 6 Longda Road    Yanjiao Development Zone
    Sanhe City, Hebei Province, China 065201   
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
   +86 (316) 575-5518      (Registrant's
telephone number including area code) 
 Securities Registered Under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
 None  
 Securities Registered Under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
 Common   Stock, $0.001 par value  (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes
 [  ]  No  [ X ] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Rule 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  [
 ]  No  [ X ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the
reporting requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  [ X ] 
No  [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  [  ]  No  [ X ] 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in
response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ X ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  [  ]  
     Accelerated filer [ X ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer  [  ] 
     (Do Smaller reporting company  [  ]

not check if a smaller reporting  

company)  
          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes  [
 ]  No  [ X ] 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $450,023,849, based on
111,668,449 common shares at $4.03on January 31, 2016, which is the quotation
posted on the OTCQB Market ( OTCQB  under the symbol  XTNY ) 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October
24, 2016 was 591,042,000. 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
 None 
 2  

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   
  FORM 10-K   
  For the Year Ended July 31, 2015   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I   

ITEM
      1.   
      Business
        
      5   
   
      ITEM
      1A.   
      Risk
      Factors   
      29   
   
      ITEM
      1B.   
      Unresolved
      Staff Comments   
      42   
   
      ITEM
      2.   
      Properties
        
      42   
   
      ITEM
      3.   
      Legal
      Proceedings   
      42   
   
      ITEM
      4.   
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures   
      42   

PART II   

ITEM
      5.   
      Market
      for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
      Purchases of Equity Securities   
      43   
   
      ITEM
      6.   
      Selected
      Financial Data   
      45   
   
      ITEM
      7.   
      Management's
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        
      46   
   
      ITEM
      7A.   
      Quantitative
      and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      54   
   
      ITEM
      8.   
      Financial
      Statements   
      54   
   
      ITEM
      9.   
      Changes
      In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
      Disclosure   
      55   

ITEM
      9A   
      Controls
      and Procedures   
      55   
   
      ITEM
      9B.   
      Other
      Information   
      56   

PART III   

ITEM
      10.   
      Directors
      and Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance   
      57   
   
      ITEM
      11.   
      Executive
      Compensation   
      62   
   
      ITEM
      12.   
      Security
      Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
      Stockholder Matters   
      68

ITEM
      13.   
      Certain
      Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      69   
   
      ITEM
      14.   
      Principal
      Accountant Fees and Services   
      72   

PART IV   

ITEM
      15   
      Exhibits,
      Financial Statement   
      74   

SIGNATURES

78    
 3  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements that
relate to future events or our future financial performance. Some discussions in
this report may contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and
uncertainty. 
 A number of important factors could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in
this report. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like:
 believe ,  expect ,  estimate ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  project  and similar
expressions or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. 
 In some cases, you can also identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as  may ,  will ,  should ,  plans ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 7, that may cause our or our industry's actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity or achievements. Except as required by applicable law,
including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update
any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual
results. 
 The cautions outlined made in this statement and elsewhere in
this document should not be construed as complete or exhaustive. In many cases,
we cannot predict factors which could cause results to differ materially from
those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Additionally, many items or
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control. The Company will
not undertake an obligation to further update or change any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or
otherwise. 
 Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars
(US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. References to common shares refer to common shares in our
capital stock. 
  In this annual report,  Goa Tours ,  the Company,   we, 
 us,  and  our,  refer to Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd., unless the
context otherwise requires. Unless otherwise indicated, the term  fiscal year 
refers to our fiscal year ending July 31. Unless otherwise indicated, the term
 common stock  refers to shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001
per share.  
 4  

USE OF DEFINED TERMS   
 Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in
this Report to: 

Xiangtian US,   Goa Tours,   Company,   we,   us  or
       our  are references to the combined business of Xiangtian (USA) Air Power
      Co., Ltd. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.    

fiscal year  refers to our fiscal year ending July 31.

U.S. Dollar,   $  and  US$  means the legal currency of
      the United States of America.    

RMB  means Renminbi, the legal currency of China.

common stock  refers to shares of the Company s common
      stock, par value $0.001 per share.    

China  or the  PRC  are references to the People s
      Republic of China.     
   PART I      
  Item 1 - Business Business Overview   
 We utilize a proprietary compressed air energy storage power
generation technology that can store energy for other alternative energy sources
(for example, using solar, wind, geothermal, and tidal as raw power to
regenerate electricity power without the use of fossil fuels or other chemical
methods.) The power produced by compressed air energy storage and power release
can enhance the power production capabilities of alternative energy sources. If
alternative energy sources cannot be fully utilized, there will be waste
sources. We believe that we utilize compressed air energy storage installations
in conjunction with the power generation system of alternative energy sources
that could ensure the stable power supply of alternative energy generation
system and provide customers with an advanced power generation capability with
no carbon or toxic emissions. Thus, our compressed air energy storage power
generation technology provides a distinct and novel method for alternative
energy sources.  
 The power generated from our system can either be used for the
operation of our customers or be sold to the State Grid Corporation of China
(the  National Grid ). We also utilize proprietary technology to enhance the
power production capabilities of the photovoltaic solar panels ( PV panels )
that have been used in conjunction with our current projects, including projects
that involve only the installation of PV panels without the installation of
equipment for compressed air energy technology.  
 Our initial focus is on industrial users. Our first two
projects include an installation of PV panels in conjunction with our compressed
air energy storage technology and consist of an installation at a factory in
Shandong Province with a capacity of nine megawatts and a power plant in Hubei
Province with a capacity of six megawatts. The installation in Shandong Province
commenced production of electricity from the solar panel installation in June
2014, and is currently in the testing stage. The installation in Shandong
Province has been completed and is awaiting approval from the National Grid to
connect to the National Grid. The installation in Hubei Province is expected to
be completed by October 31 2015 after the National Grid constructs a converter
to connect the project to the National Grid. We developed two smaller projects
in Shandong Province using PV panels without air compression technology, a two
megawatt project completed in July 2015, that is awaiting certification for
connection to the National Grid, and a one megawatt project completed in
February 2015 and has generated revenue. We are also developing smaller
compressed air energy storage power generation equipment for use with PV that
will be appropriate for smaller commercial buildings and private homes.  
 5 

We produce our systems in China primarily for Chinese customers
and are also exploring foreign markets. We benefit from the Chinese government s
incentives for the production of green energy. We operate a factory in Hebei
province to produce components for the compressed air energy storage power
generation systems, but also purchase certain components, such as PV panels and
diesel engines from third party suppliers, which we modify to operate with
compressed air. We have a distribution network of third-party distributors and
sales agencies in 24 provinces in China  
  Recent Developments   
 In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we gained valuable
experience through analyzing market data and performing in-depth market
research. 
 (1) First, we achieved significant improvement through research
and testing on the air compression power generation system. We developed
enhanced air compression (liquid power) generation system based on the original
models. The primary mechanism is to utilize the compressed air as a power source
and the green biodegradable medium of oil as a power transmitter to support the
engine running and generating power. The tested output comprehensive conversion
efficiency reached 46%-65%. The research improved the conversion efficiency of
our air power generation system, laying the foundation for mass
industrialization and commercial marketization.  
 6 

In order to obtain government approval of the commercialization
of our air compression energy storage products, we have submitted three
enterprise standards, namely, air compression (liquid power) power generation
system, air compression (liquid power) power generation unit and air compression
radial engine. We are establishing an enterprise standard because these products
have no ISO or other qualifying standard for the industry. The certification is
therefore based on our design specifications.  
 We hope that future air power compressed products in this field
will follow and adhere to our standards which we anticipate will become the
industrial standard and national standard. We expect that if we become the
industry and national standard, our market competitiveness will be enhanced. The
declaration we submitted for these three standards is being reviewed by the
Provincial Industrial and Information Department of the Sanhe Technical Service
Bureau. 
 (2) Second, to improve sales and marketing, we intensified our
efforts to promote the air power products. We also seek to benefit from the
national government s  Helping-the-Poor  Project established in 2016. The
Chinese government has announced plans to release over three to five years
US$14.7 billion (100 billion RMB) worth of future electricity generating
capacity to support poverty alleviation and development through low cost loans
and power subsidies with more than 60% of which will be for Photovoltaic (PV)
technology. Accordingly, we established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Xianning
Xiangtian Air Energy Electric Co., Ltd., in Hubei Xianning for this market, and
invested US$1,776,000 (12 million RMB) to install an advanced automatic PV Panel
production lines in China. When this production line is operating at full
capacity, the annual production will be 200 megawatt (MW). 
 As of October 10, 2016, we signed a contract for 2 MW PV
project in Dezhou with a prior customer with expected revenue for US$1,044,000
(7.1 million RMB). In addition, we will also supply a total of US$901,000 (6.13
million RMB) of products such as PV panels, inverters and brackets. 
 Through 2017, the Company will concentrate its efforts to build
and market our patented products, and take advantage of the government sponsored
policy of  Helping-the-Poor Project. 
  Our Business History and Background   
 Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. was originally incorporated
as Goa Sweet Tours Ltd. in the State of Delaware on September 2, 2008. We were
originally formed to provide personalized concierge tour packages to tourists
who visit the State of Goa, India. On April 17, 2012, Goa Sweet Tours, Ltd.
entered into Share Purchase Agreements (the  Purchase Agreements ), with Luck
Sky International Investment Holdings Limited, an entity owned and controlled by
Zhou Deng Rong, and certain of our former stockholders who owned, in the
aggregate, 7,200,000 shares of our common stock (90% of the then outstanding
shares). Luck Sky International Investment Holdings Limited purchased such shares for an aggregate consideration of $235,000. The
sale of such shares closed on May 15, 2012.  
 7 

On May 25, 2012, Goa Sweet Tours, Ltd. formed a corporation
under the laws of the State of Delaware called Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co.,
Ltd. ("Merger Sub") for the purpose of changing its name. On the same day, we
acquired one hundred percent of the total outstanding shares of Merger Sub's
common stock for cash. As such, Merger Sub became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
Effective as of May 29, 2012, Merger Sub was merged with and into the Company.
As a result of the merger, the Company s corporate name was changed to
 Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.  Prior to the merger, Merger Sub had no
liabilities and nominal assets and, as a result of the merger, the separate
existence of the Merger Sub ceased. The Company was the surviving corporation in
the merger and, except for the name change provided for in the Agreement and
Plan of Merger, there was no change in the directors, officers, capital
structure or business of the Company.  
 Lucksky Holding (Group) Co. Ltd ( LuckSky Group ), formerly
named Xiangtian Kelitai Air Powered Machinery Co., Ltd., ( Xiangtian Kelitai )
was established in 2000 by Zhou Deng Rong after he obtained a series of patents
and developed the compressed air energy storage and related technology. Zhou
Deng Rong served as our CEO through July 31, 2014, when he was replaced by Zhiqi
Zhang. Upon the merger of Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Shares Limited ( Luck Sky HK )
into the Company on September 3024, 2013, the Company acquired all of the shares
of LuckSky HK, received 148,158,864 shares of common stock of the Company and
the remaining shareholder of LuckSky HK received 101,831,136 shares of common
stock of the Company in exchange for their shares of LuckSky HK. LuckSky HK had
no operations but the Company succeeded to the $250,000 in registered capital of
LuckSky HK  
 On May 30, 2014, the Company entered into the Stock Purchase
Agreement with Zhou Jian, the sole shareholder of Luck Sky (Hong Kong)
Aerodynamic Electricity Limited ( LuckSky Aerodynamic ). Effective May 30, 2014
the Company purchased 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
of Luck Sky Aerodynamic, and the Company paid Zhou Jian a purchase price in the
amount of HKD $10,000.00 (approximately USD$1,290) in cash. Luck Sky Aerodynamic
and Luck Sky Shen Zhen, its subsidiary organized in the PRC, had no operating
business, no liabilities and nominal assets as of the date of the acquisition.
LuckSky Aerodynamic was organized to enter into the variable interest agreements
(the  VIE Agreements ) with Sanhe. As a result of the acquisition, Luck Sky
Aerodynamic became our wholly owned subsidiary and Luck Sky Shen Zhen became our
indirect subsidiary through Luck Sky Aerodynamic.  
 Sanhe was established in July 2013 and was under common control
with LuckSky Group. Sanhe had no operating business and no liabilities. On July
18, 2013, Sanhe borrowed RMB7,722,000, pursuant to a loan agreement with
Xiangtian Kelitai, a division of LuckSky Group.  
 During the three months ended July 31, 2014, LuckSky Group
provided Sanhe with additional working capital and transferred to Sanhe its
assets and liabilities related to the compressed air energy storage power
generation technology and PV panel installations, but retained its other assets. On April 1, 2014, LuckSky Group loaned Sanhe
RMB3,000,000. In April and May 2014, Sanhe purchased the inventory, the
equipment, including machinery, and office equipment from Xiangtian Kelitai at
their book or historical values. Sanhe entered into leases with Lucksky Group
for a portion of the factory, office space and dormitory located in Sanhe City
and a lease with Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited, which is owned by Zhou
Deng Rong, for a second factory and office space, on May 1, 2014 and April 1,
2014, respectively. Also, 48 employees have transferred from LuckSky Group to
Sanhe, including all personnel related to the projects under construction and
development and administrative and finance personnel. See  Business-Properties 
and  Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.   
 8 

In May, 2016, we established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Xianning Xiangtian Air Energy Electric Co., Ltd., in Hubei Xianning to
manufacture PV products. The Company also owns all of the outstanding stock of
LuckSky Holdings Limited, a corporation organized in the British West Indies,
which is dormant.  
  Acquisition of Sanhe   
 On July 25, 2014, prior to the Acquisition, Sanhe and Luck Sky
Shen Zhen and Sanhe s current shareholders entered into a series of agreements
known as VIE Agreements pursuant to which Sanhe became Luck Sky Shen Zhen s
contractually controlled affiliate. The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements
is to provide Luck Sky Shen Zhen (our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary) with all
of the management, control and net profits of Sanhe. While Luck Sky Shen Zhen
does not actually own any of the equity and shares in Sanhe, the purpose and
effect of the VIE Agreements is to instill in Luck Sky Shen Zhen, the Company s
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, total management and voting control of Sanhe
for all material purposes. The use of VIE agreements is a common structure used
to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries in which foreign
investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC government.  
 The VIE Agreements include:  

(1)k  
     
       Framework Agreement on Business Cooperation, entered
      between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe, pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen
      and Sanhe have agreed to enter into a series of VIE agreements and to
      cooperate in all prospective of Sanhe s business operation and management;

(2)  
     
       Exclusive Management, Consulting and Training and
      Technical Service Agreement, entered between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe,
      pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen has agreed to provide Sanhe with
      complete business support and technical support and related management,
      training and consulting services. In consideration for such services, Luck
      Sky Shen Zhen is entitled to receive an amount equal to 100% of Sanhe s
      net income.     
 9 

(3)  
     
       Exclusive Option Agreement, entered among Luck Sky HK,
      Luck Sky Shen Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and Sanhe, pursuant to which
      Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jian, the owners of Sanhe, have granted to Luck
      Sky Shen Zhen and Luck Sky HK the irrevocable right and option to acquire
      all of their equity interests in Sanhe;    

(4)  
     
       Equity Pledge Agreement, entered among Luck Sky Shen
      Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian, and Sanhe, pursuant to which Zhou Deng
      Rong and Zhou Jian, the owners of Sanhe, have pledged all of their rights,
      titles and interests in Sanhe to Luck Sky Shen Zhen to guarantee Sanhe s
      performance of its obligations under all the other VIE Agreements;

(5)  
     
       Know-How Sub-License Agreement, entered between Luck Sky
      Shen Zhen and Sanhe, pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen has granted
      Sanhe an exclusive right to use and develop in China a series of
      aerodynamics related patents and technologies with respect to electrical
      generation for commercial and residential structures, not including
      automobile and wind towers. Luck Sky Shen Zhen possesses the rights
      licensed under this agreement through two license agreements dated July
      25, 2014 with Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and LuckSky Group, the owners of
      the aforesaid patents and technologies. For the sublicense agreement,
      Sanhe will pay Luck Sky Shen Zhen an annual royalty of five percent of
      revenue; and      

(6) 
     
       Power of Attorney. Pursuant to a power of attorney, each
      of the Sanhe stockholders agreed to irrevocably entrust LuckSkyShenZhen
      with his stockholder voting rights and other stockholder rights for
      representing him to exercise such rights at the stockholders  meeting of
      Sanhe in accordance with applicable laws and its Article of Association,
      including, but not limited to, the right to sell or transfer all or any of
      his equity interest in Sanhe, and appointand vote for thedirectors and
      Chairman of Sanhe as the authorized representative of the Sanhe
      stockholders. The term of each proxy and voting agreementis as long as
      each of the Sanhe stockholders is a shareholder of Sanhe and is binding on
      any transferee.     
 The Framework Agreement and the Exclusive Management Agreement
have initial terms of ten years but each contain a renewal provision that allows
Luck Sky Shen Zhen to extend the term of such agreements at its sole option by
written notice with no limitation as to such extensions. The other agreements
are of unlimited duration.  
 10 

The foregoing description of the terms of the Framework
Agreement on Business Cooperation, the Exclusive Management Agreement,
Consulting and Training and Technical Service Agreement, the Exclusive Option
Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Know-How Sub-License Agreement and
the Power-of- Attorney is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
provisions of the agreements previously filed with the SEC in August 2014, which
are incorporated by reference herein.  
 On July 25, 2014, we agreed to issue 264,850,740 shares and
8,191,260 shares of our common stock to Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong,
respectively, the sole shareholders of Sanhe, in consideration for the execution
of the VIE Agreements and the Acquisition of Sanhe.  
 See  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  for
further information on our contractual arrangements with these parties.  
 Because of the common control between us, LuckSky Shen Zhen and
Sanhe, for accounting purposes, the acquisition of these entities has been
treated as a combination between entities under common control with no
adjustment to the historical basis of their assets and liabilities. Since there
is a change of reporting entity after the acquisition takes place, the Company
accounts for business combinations pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification
( ASC ) 805-50 which generally requires the entity that receives net assets or
equity interests to recognize the carrying amounts of the net assets transferred
in its accounting for the combination and to combine the financial statements of
the entities under common control for all periods presented and to eliminate any
intercompany balances and transactions. 
  Our Corporate Structure   
 All of our business operations are conducted through our Hong
Kong and Chinese subsidiaries and controlled affiliate. The chart below presents
our corporate structure:  
    
  Industry Background   
 Consumption of electricity in China has grown from 5.32
trillion kWh in 2013 to 5.52 trillion kWh in 2014. Thermal power amounted to
67.3% power generation capacity at the end of 2014, down from 69.1% at the end of previous year. The electricity generated by
grid-connected solar was 26.52 GW with an increase of 67% from 2013.  
 11 

*The data is from the NEA s report of total consumption of
electricity in 2014 (published in 2015)  
 We are a pioneer in the field of Compressed Air Energy Storage
in China. The only other effort in China of which we are aware is a pilot
project established by the Chinese Academy of Science (the  CAS ) of compressed
air storage energy generation in Wuhu city in November 2014.  
 We are producing electricity generation systems that combine
our compressed air storage technology with PV panels to achieve a continuous
supply of power, especially under weather conditions that are unfavorable to the
generation of electricity from PV panels alone. We chose to initially utilize PV
panels to produce the raw power because China has abundant solar energy
resources. Many parts of China have long durations of sunshine; and China has
vast vacant spaces that are available for the installation of solar energy
systems.  
 The installation of PV systems is developing quickly in China.
In 2014, China became the largest manufacturer of the PV in the world and the
country utilizing the second most number of PV modules. According to the 13th
Five Year Plan (published in 2015), the government hopes to add 65 Gigawatts
( GW ) of PV during the 2016   2020 period. In 2015, 35 GW of electricity will
be produced by PV panels in China, an increase from 3 GW in 2012, according to
the U.S. Energy Information Administration
(http://www.eia.gov/countries/country-data.cfm?fips=CH). In its guidance on
promoting the healthy development of the Solar Industry (2013), the State
Council of China raised the target of capacity of solar power to 35 GW in 2015
from the original 2015 target of 21 GW set by the National Energy Administration
of China in 2012. China had only one GW of PV installations in 2010.  
 The Chinese solar market has grown rapidly, driven by a
favorable policy environment intended to meet a greater portion of the country s
growing energy needs from cleaner sources, while also driving demand for
domestic solar panel manufacturers. In July 2013, the State Council of China
published the Opinion on Promoting the Healthy Development of PV Industry (the
 Opinion ) which initiated establishment of the PV systems in the national
level. In addition to setting targets for the increase in installed PV systems,
grid-connection, power acquisition, subsidy, and land policies were further
detailed in the Opinion. The Opinion standardized the tax benefit and feed-in
tariff for the PV industry on a national level and it also set the target of
promoting distributed PV (DPV) system. The feed in tariffs for large-scale
ground mounted power plants are between 0.9 yuan ($0.14) and 1 yuan ($0.16) per
kilowatt-hour (kWh) of energy generated, based on the radiation levels at the
location of the plant. Distribution projects get a payment of between 0.62 yuan
($0.10) to 0.78 yuan ($ 0.12) per kWh. These subsidies will be valid for the
next 20 years and will benefit project developers such as ourselves, since the
subsidies protect the rate of return on PV projects. In October 2013, China
adopted a tax benefit policy which allows a refund of 50% value-added tax for
selling the solar photovoltaic power products. China also provides other incentives, including free grid connectivity for
small and medium-scale distributed PV solar power producers.  
 12 

The promotion of the DPV module is encouraging the manufacture
and installation of PV in China. The government started to promote the
distributed PV (the  DPV ) model in the proposal of the Opinion in 2012. The DPV
systems are smaller PV system installed on the rooftop of building. This system
generally can provide the sufficient energy for the building where it is
located. On the national level, the national government allows the DPV system to
be connected to the national grid. In this case, the DPV owner can either use
the electricity or sell the electricity to the national grid with feed-in tariff
(around 1 CN per kWh).  
 As of the end of March 2015, the total capacity of all the
installed PV systems in China reached 33.12 million KW, of which, 27.79 million
KW were generated by photovoltaic power plants and 5.33 million KW were
generated by distributed solar systems and arrays. In the first quarter of 2015,
the total capacity of all the installed PV systems was increased by 5.04 million
KW, of which, 4.38 million KW was generated by power plants and 660,000 KW was
generated by distributed PV systems.
(http://www.nea.gov.cn/2015-04/20/c_134165328.htm)  
 The solar panel industry in China is highly competitive, with
around 20 to 30 companies providing installation service and 50 manufacturers.
In 2014, six of the 10 largest PV panel manufacture were located in China
However, we believe that we are the only company that offers an electrical
generation system that combines compressed air energy storage power generation
technology.  
  Our Competitive Advantages   
 We believe that we possess the following competitive advantages
that allow us to maintain our strong market position and will aid our profit
growth in the future:  
  Environmental Protection:  We believe that if alternative
energy sources cannot be fully utilized, including instances when the
electricity they produce cannot be economically stored or the source is
unstable, then some productive capacity will be wasted. We utilize compressed
air energy storage equipment in conjunction with the power generation system of
alternative energy sources to produce electricity, which is a novel approach and
provides customers with an advanced power generation capability with no carbon
or toxic emissions. When power generated by the alternate energy sources, such
as solar energy or wind energy, becomes unstable or fluctuates, the compressed
air power generation system can start functioning and ensure a stable power
supply and better utilize the productive capacity of the alternate energy
source. . Our compressed air energy storage power generation technology provides
a new and unique method for alternative energy source power generation.  
  Flexibility:  Our compressed air technology can be used
with any other power sources. We can use solar energy, wind energy, geothermal
energy, tidal energy, water energy and all the available natural energy as a raw
power in conjunction with our compressed air energy storage technology. The
collected mechanical energy from the raw power source is converted into
compressed air and is then converted and released into direct current power. Through our ultra-wide voltage and
high-performance power inverter, we produce an output of stable power in
compliance with the Chinese national interconnection standards.  
 13 

Enhancement of Use of PV Panels and other Energy
Sources : The use of the compressed air energy storage technology helps
overcome structural limitations of the use of PV panels and providing power to
the National Grid. The use of PV panels is limited by the capacity of the
National Grid, which limits the amount of energy that can be purchased from the
PV industry and other sources of alternate energy that lack the capacity to
efficiently store electricity but produce more power that can be used when
generated. The expansion of the capacity of the PV industry could be constrained
by the inability of the power grid to purchase the additional energy and the
compressed air energy storage technology allows the energy to be stored until
the electricity can be sold to the National Grid when PV panels are not
producing electricity, such as when there is insufficient sunshine.  
  Patent Protection:  Zhou Deng Rong, our founder and
former Chief Executive Officer, and Zhou Jian, our Chairman of the Board, and
LuckSky Group are the holders of 48 patents and 13 patent applications in China
with respect to various aspects of the compressed air energy storage power
generation technology, including improvements to the solar power generation
system, the installation of solar energy systems, the inverters, and generators.
Sanhe obtained a Chinese patent in August 2014 for utility module regarding
photovoltaic power generation system. In addition, the patents, patent
applications and related know-how and trade secrets are subject to an exclusive
license for worldwide use to Luck Sky Shen Zhen, our indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary.  
  Government Incentives:  The development of alternative
sources of energy to reduce the amount of pollution in China caused by burning
fossil fuels, particularly the use of coal to generate electric power, is a
priority of the Chinese government. The Chinese government offers tax and rebate
incentives for the construction of PV production facilities and has become
stricter regarding the construction of power plants that rely on coal.  
  Technical Advantage Compared to Conventional Battery
Technologies:  The use of conventional batteries to store excess electricity
produced by solar power or other alternative energy sources is less attractive
than the compressed air energy storage power generation technology. The most
important disadvantages to standard batteries are that industrial batteries lose
their capacity to store electricity over time, and also present environmental
risks with respect to their production and disposal. Tank storage technology is
estimated to have a 30 year lifespan and the steel can be recycled.  
  Technical Advantage Compare to Conventional Solar Panels and
Inverter/Converters:  Our patented technologies increase the efficiency of PV
panels to generate DC current by enhancing their ability to operate at levels of
lower sunlight and also increase the efficiency of the inverter/converter that
converts the DC current to AC current by operating at a wider range of DC
current than conventional inverter/converters. One licensed patent applies to
the array of the PV panels.  
 14 

Technical Advantage Compare to Conventional Grid-connected
Photovoltaic Power Generation:  We adopted smart micro-grid technology which
increases the efficiency of the power generation of the PV systems and
significantly reduced the project costs of power plants. The micro-grid
technology also helps us to improve the flexibility of PV systems, realize real
zero emission of our power plant, improve reliability and help to restore power
more quickly when the macrogrid is down.  
  Reduced Electrical Costs:  Customers who generate
electricity using alternate energy systems that is intermittent or subject to
periods of low production need to be linked to the National Grid to meet their
power requirements. Our compressed air energy storage power generation system
allows consumers to limit or eliminate their reliance on the National Grid; by
producing power during periods of peak pricing by the National Grid and storing
the surplus energy produced by their alternate energy systems when prices
charged by the National Grid are less expensive.  
  Scalability:  The compressed air energy storage power
generation system in conjunction with a PV panel installation is easily expanded
thru the addition of additional solar panels, more storage tanks and/or bigger
generators and engines.  
  Our Growth Strategy   
 Chinese demand for electricity is expected to increase by
nearly 300 % between 2010 and 2040 according to the U.S. Energy Information
Administration (http://www.eia.gov/countries/country-data.cfm?fips=CH). We
believe demand for electricity and solar energy production will continue to grow
domestically and globally, thus affording us opportunity to grow and expand our
business operations  
 We intend to pursue the following strategies:  

1)  
     
       Sell systems to construct large-scale power plants that
      sell power to the National Grid or service zones that are off the grid and
      benefit from government subsidy policies.   

2)  
     
       Sell power system to industrial consumers with large
      electricity demand, in excess of one megawatt, to establish their own
      power generation facilities to benefit from government subsidy polices to
      reduce operating costs by either being off the National Grid, reducing
      their purchased from the grid during peak periods or being able to store
      energy when the grid is not purchasing power.   

3)  
     
       Sell systems to industrial and mining companies operating
      in remote locations which lack connections to the National Grid to create
      self- sufficient systems.   

4)  
     
       Complete development of prototypes and commercialize
      smaller air compression power generation systems designed for standalone
      homes and smaller factories and commercial structures.
    
 15 

5)  
     Produce, sell and install PV products without
      air ression technology.    
  Products   
 Our principal product is a system that combines our air
compression power generation systems with a PV installation that is custom
designed for industrial users such as factories and power plants. We also offer
PV systems without the air compression generation technology based on certain
technological innovations that we believe increase the efficiency of our PV
systems compared to those of competitors.  
 The air compression power generation systems can be used with
multiple forms of natural energy production, including solar, wind, biomass,
geothermal and tidal and the selection of the appropriate natural source depends
on their relative availability at the customer s location. Although use of any
of these natural energy sources is feasible, we have initially focused on
linking our air compression technology to PV installations The installation of
the solar power systems generally requires the lowest investment and shortest
building time, in part because the area for building the facility is flexible as
solar installations can be used anywhere outdoors and take advantage of a
customer s room. Wind power is not stable as the turbines may be inoperable at
low or high winds. Nuclear and hydropower facilities are only feasible for
producing power for the National Grid and are not feasible for individual
factories and homes  
 1.  Basic PV Installation.  Conventional PV power
generation technology is designed based upon the assumption that the minimum sun
exposure would be 200W and the range of maximum power point tracking (the
 MPPT ) is from DC480v to DC580v. When sun exposure is reduced and voltage drops
below the DC480v, the problem with the conventional system is that it stops
working; and the residual power in the photovoltaic panels that are generated
under the lower light exposure cannot be utilized. The Company s new intelligent
photovoltaic technology improves power generation and shortens investment
recovery time. The PV system uses a variable PV array technology and wide
voltage intelligent inverter device developed by the Company. Customers can
produce an additional 15% - 30% electricity each year as the system can operate
in lower light environments than conventional PV technology.  
 We sell the PV installation that includes the solar panels
installation and solar energy generation converter equipment with proprietary
technology without the air compression for customers who do not need to store
energy. The conversion advantage provides a higher capacity that allows the
solar array to be used more effectively.  
 2.  Compressed Air Energy Storage Technology.  The power
consumption rate of PV systems interconnected into the National Grid varies
greatly and the active energy cannot be fully consumed, which causes significant
energy waste. Generally, systems interconnected to the National Grid consume
only 70% of the produced power and enterprises not connected to the National Grid consume only 60% - 70% of the produced
power, and the residual power is wasted. Utilizing our compressed air energy
storage system with photovoltaic power generation system improves the efficiency
of power generation and reduces the waste of residual power.  
 16 

Our air compression energy storage generation technology is
also designed for customers whose alternative energy source provides
intermittent or unstable power. The systems are sold in conjunction with a PV
installation. A portion of the electricity produced by the PV panels is used to
compress air into the cylinders, which effectively store the energy until it is
released. The system includes compression equipment, storage tanks and a
modified engine that is linked to a generator. The surplus power generated by
the air compression technology may either be used by the customer it its
operations or sold to the National Grid.  
 The following chart illustrates an air compression power
generation system that is linked with a PV installation, although the
compression system can be linked to other alternative energy sources, such as
wind farms, biomass, tidal or geothermal.  

17 

Electricity Generation Process   

1.  
     Energy collection   photovoltaic power
      generation.    
 Photovoltaic power generation is greatly affected by the amount
of sunlight the PV system receives. The changes in the intensity of sunlight
affect the power generation, which causes direct current to fluctuate.
Therefore, actions to offset the fluctuation are essential. When fluctuation or
disruption in photovoltaic power occurs, or during the night or when power in
the storage system is exhausted, the power supply must be converted to a voltage
transformer. However, based upon the current power supply equipment in power
plants, energy cannot be instantly converted on a per megawatt basis. Therefore,
frequent conversions are needed, which might obstruct system security and power
production. Our design of the AC/DC non-contact converter rectifier can resolve
this issue at a low cost. If DC power is below DC430v, DC offset is
automatically incorporated into the electricity network and the transformer
photovoltaic power will be shared with the power supply. The inverter won t lose
electricity and the entire system will not fluctuate or have the power shut off.
 
 The system offers double power selection by utilizing a backup
switch to ensure that the power supply does not stop. Should the generation of
the solar power become unstable or intermittent, the system switches to operate
using the air compression generation technology or, if available, to rely on the
National Grid.  

2.  
     
       Compression Storage System    
 A. Compressor   fills storage tanks with air.  
 B. Plasma Heater   heats air being stored into tanks to a
temperature of 300 to 400 degrees Fahrenheit to increase the amount of stored
energy.  
 C. Storage Tanks   stores compressed air. Our storage tanks are
built with carbon steel to withstand higher pressures. Each one megawatt of
generated electricity requires 2 tanks, each with an average capacity of 30 m3
of compressed air. The standard tank is 50 meters long and 1.5 meters in
diameter. The energy capacity per tank is dependent on the temperature and
pressure of the air and the capacity of the e cylinder. The quality of the
storage tanks are based on ISO standards.  
 D. Air Engine   we utilize our patented technology to modify
diesel engines purchased from outside vendors to enable the engine to operate on
compressed air. A pressure regulator within the air engine turns the generator.
Unlike a conventional combustion engine that explodes fossil fuel to create
energy, the compressed air engine utilizes the heat and compression of the air
to release energy.  
 E. Generator   Our proprietary generator utilizes patented and
other proprietary technology was developed in 2012 for our air compression
storage generation system. The device affords stability by maintaining a
consistent supply despite changes in the air pressure that may cause
inefficiency in the engine (for example, a piston misfiring). Our tests indicated that the generator is more efficient that the
industry standard in maintaining a stable flow of voltage.  
 18 

The air compression technology is used to produce electricity
primarily at night or at other times when the electricity produced by the PV
panels is intermittent or unstable. At such times, the compressed air is sent
first from the storage tanks to the thermal heater, then to the engine. The
engine then spins a flywheel attached to the generator.  
  Projects   
 As of July 31, 2016, we had thirteen principal projects. Seven
were completed, four are not yet started, one is on construction and one is
being canceled. One of the seven projects in Shandong province commenced
operation in February 2015, two projects commenced operation at the end of June
2015 and July 2015, one project in Fujian province commenced operation in
February 2016, the two projects in Hubei and Zhejiang commenced operation in
March 2016 and one in Hubei commenced in April 2016. The projects in Shanxi
provinces have not started. We are negotiating to terminate the project in
Sichuan province. The project in Heilongjiang was completed in September 2016. 
 Two of the completed projects are awaiting certification from
the National Grid in order to connect to the National Grid. We have no estimate
when the certifications will be obtained since the customers of the projects are
responsible for obtaining these certifications. Two systems include compressed
air energy storage power generation systems in conjunction with a PV panel
installation and four projects, two of which have been completed, only involve
PV systems. The contracts typically provide for payments in installments, with
approximately 35% paid upon the commencement of construction, and the balance in
two equal installments approximately 6 and 18 months later.  
 In Shandong Province, we designed and installed a new power
supply system with a capacity of 8.5megawatts (the  Haide Group Project ) that
includes our air compression technology. Pursuant to an agreement executed by
Sanhe with Binzhou Xintuo Natural Energy Electrical Engineering Limited
( Binzhou Xintuo ) on April 18, 2014, Sanhe will transfer the Haide Group
Project in turn-key condition to Binzhou Xintuo after the completion of the
installation and construction. The project includes the installation of 15 tanks
and eight engines. The project began to produce electricity from the PV panels
in June 2014 and was completed in June 2015. The project is awaiting approval
from the National Grid before complete commercialization. The customer
anticipates utilizing the power produced by the compressed air technology when
production from the solar panels is insufficient and when electricity from the
National Grid is either too expensive during peak hours or not available. The
customer may also generate revenue by selling power to the National Grid. The
sale price for the project is $20,290,835 (RMB126,000,000). As of July 31, 2016,
we have received a total payment of $17,037,860 (RMB 105,800,000). 
 For the Haide Group Project, we have executed a purchase
contract for the PV panels with Shandong TD Solar Company Limited, who also
installs the PV panels and equipment. We also signed a supplemental agreement
with Shandong Thaidai Photovoltaic Technology Co., Ltd., a supplier of the Haide Group Project, in January 2015. The
Company paid a deposit of $2,579,896 (RMB 16,000,000) to Ni Baofeng, an
unaffiliated third party, who is the guarantor of Sanhe s obligations under the
agreement with Shandong Thaidai. In order to help assure Shandong Thaidai s
fulfillment of its supply obligations and to facilitate completion of the
project, Ni Baofeng agreed to not release the money to Shandong Thaidai without
the consent of Sanhe. As of July 31, 2016, the remaining balance of the deposit
is  $301,336 (RMB 2,000,000).  
 19  

In Hubei province, construction of a six megawatt project at a
new power plant using air compression technology and PV panels (the  Hubei
Xianning Project was completed in November 2015 The Company is waiting for the
National Grid to finish the construction of a converter to link the project to
the National Grid. Sanhe executed a contract with Xianning Auspicious Day Air
Energy Power Company Limited on April 25, 2014, pursuant to which Sanhe was
responsible for designing, installing and constructing the project and such
project will be transferred to Xianning Xiangtian Air Energy Electric Limited
Liability Company in turn-key condition. The sale price for the project is
$13,527,224 (RMB84,000,000). As of July 31, 2016, we have received a total payment of
$5,491,409 (RMB34,100,000). For the Hubei Xianning Project, Zhejiang Bowei
Industrial and Trading Co., Ltd., provides the PV panels for the project and its
engaged a third-party contractor to provide the installation service. The
facility has room for expansion should the parties agree to increase the power
plant s capacity and the capacity is expected to be increased to 18 megawatts.
We anticipate three phases of construction of 6, 4 and 8 megawatts. We have
delivered 20 storage tanks and additional PV panels and generators as of June
30, 2016, which are sufficient for production of 10 megawatts once installed.
Equipment for the production of 6 megawatts of electricity has been installed
and is operating. An
additional 10 storage tanks and other equipment remains to be delivered to
increase the projects capacity to 18 megawatts.  
 Three smaller projects in Shandong and one project in each
Zhejiang and Heiliongjiang provinces use PV panels with our proprietary
technology to enhance production from PV panels. Our project in Dezhou, Shandong
province with a capacity of two megawatts was completed in July 2015 and is
awaiting certification from the National Grid to be connected to the National
Grid. Our project in Weihai with a capacity of one megawatt was completed in
February 2015. We generated initial revenue of $1,133,522 as of April 30, 2015
as a result of completion of Weihai project, and as of July 31, 2015, we have
received payments with respect to the project in Dezhou, Shandong province of
$1.98 million (RMB 12.3 million). The projects in Zhejiang and Heiliongjiang provinces, have
capacities of 150 KW and 1000 KW respectively, and the Zhejiang project was
completed during the fiscal year ended July 31 2016 and the Helogjiang project
was completed in September, 2016. 
 As of October 10, 2016, we signed a contract for 2 MW PV
project with the same customer in Dezhou, with expected revenue for US$1,044,000
(RMB 7.1 million) that is expected to be completed in November 2016. In
addition, we will also supply a total of US$901,000 (RMB 6.13 million) of
products, including PV panels, inverters and brackets.  
 20 

Marketing   
 We market our products through third-party distributors in 24
provinces and through employees for direct sales. The distributors exclusively
sell our products and receive commissions based on the value of the contracts
but no salary. We utilize three classes of distributors based on the size of
their territory   provincial, city and town. The distributors target both
factories and power plants, but also local governments which may encourage local
industry to utilize alternate energy sources. Our marketing focus is on:  

1)  
     
       Large scale power plants that sell power to the National
      Grid or service zones that are off the grid and benefit from government
      subsidy policies.   

2)  
     
       Industrial concerns with large electricity demand, in
      excess of one megawatt, to establish their own power generation facilities
      to benefit from government subsidy policy to reduce operating costs by
      either being off the National Grid, reducing their purchased from the grid
      during peak periods or being able to store energy when the grid is not
      purchasing power.   

3)  
     
       Industrial and mining companies operating in remote
      locations which lack connections to the National Grid to create self-
      sufficient systems.   

4) 
     
      In 2016, we intend to commence marketing a smaller air energy
compression generation and PV system to smaller commercial structures and stand-
alone homes using the same distribution network.    
  Manufacturing   
 We produce and assemble our PV installations and air energy
compression generation systems at our factory in Sanhe. We produce many
components, including the brackets and supports for the PV panels, an
ultra-wideband voltage power inverter and converter, parts to modify the engines
to operate using air compression, low-speed aerodynamic generators, and
isothermal air compressor and thermal heaters. Other parts, such as solar
panels, power cords, engines, carbon fiber tanks and generators and compressors
are purchased from third parties and used to assemble our systems.  
 Our factory is based in Hebei Province Sanhe City, Yanjiao
Economic Development Zone, with a production workshop of 7500 square meters for
our core-technology equipment that can supply solar energy systems. We produce
the engine generators and related components, but not the PV panels. The factory
has a total capacity of up to 7 megawatts each month, based on one  eight hour
shift working six days per week. Capacity can readily be expanded by adding
additional shifts or building up to three more production lines at our facility.
 
 We built a production line in Hubei Xianning to produce PV
Pane. The production line, has an annual production capacity of 200 megawatt
(MW) 
 21 

Suppliers   
 We are not dependent on any single supplier for any important
product. We purchase our solar panels from five suppliers, engines from one
supplier, and carbon fiber storage tanks from three suppliers. We have a good
relationship with each supplier. We believe that many suitable alternate
producers of these products are available should we need an alternate supplier.
We also purchase electrical components to the inverter/converters, generators,
compressors and control panels that we manufacture and believe that alternate
suppliers of such components are also readily available.  
  Patents and Technology   
 Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jiang are the inventors for all of our
technologies. On July 25, 2014, Luck Sky Shen Zhen, our Chinese subsidiary,
obtained an exclusive, worldwide, royalty free license from Zhou Deng Rong and
Zhou Jian (his son) and a second exclusive, worldwide royalty free license from
LuckSky Group to 48 Chinese patents and 13 patent applications and trade
secrets, including the technology underlying the patent applications for power
stations, commercial buildings and residences in China, but not for other uses,
including wind towers, vehicles and trains (the  Technology ). The Technology
represents all licensors  patents with respect to PV power generation
installations, the air energy storage power generation technology and trade
secrets. As of July 31, 2015, Beijing XiangTian Huachuang Aerodynamic Force
Technology Research Institute Company ( XiangTian Huachuang ).granted Luck Sky
Shen Zhen an exclusive worldwide license to four foreign patents that it had
recently obtained. XiangTian Huachuang obtained three patents in Japan and one
patent in Australia in March 2015. XiangTian Huachuang is owned 30% by Zhou Jian
and 70% by Zhou Deng Rong.  
 LuckSky Shen Zhen granted an exclusive sub-license to the use
and exploitation of the Technology in China to Sanhe in July 2014, which
sub-license provides for a licensing fee of five percent of Sanhe s revenues. In
addition, Sanhe obtained a patent in August 2014 for utility module regarding
photovoltaic power generation system.  
  Research and Development   
 Our Technology was originally developed principally by Zhou
Deng Rong. Sanhe obtained the legal right to use and develop the Technology
through the Agreement on Know-How Sub-Licensing executed on July 25, 2014 with
Luck Sky Shen Zhen, and Luck Sky Shen Zhen was granted a license to use and
sublease the Technology through licensing agreements with Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou
Jian, and LuckSky Group, owners of the Technology. We rely on LuckSky Group for
research and technology but intend to develop our own research and development
capabilities.  
  Warranty   
 We provide a five year limited warranty on all models of
compressed air energy generators produced by us, and on the parts we
manufacture, such as the inverter/converter and plasma heater. Components that we
purchase from third party suppliers, such as the PV panels, storage tanks and
the unmodified portions of the engines, are governed by the suppliers 
warranties.  
 22  

Competition   
 We compete against larger, better capitalized and better known
competitors that have become, or are becoming, vertically integrated in the PV
industry value chain, from module manufacturing to PV system sales and
installation, such as Yingli Green Energy, one of the largest vertically
integrated PV module suppliers in the world. China has about 20 to 30 companies
providing PV installation service and 50 PV manufacturers. In 2014, six of the
10 largest PV panel manufacturers were located in China The ability of the
vertically integrated competitors to produce modules and sometimes also be
polysilicon manufacturers gives them a cost advantage with respect to the price
of PV modules, which we purchase, and which could erode our competitive
advantage resulting from our PV installation and air compression technologies.
Furthermore, we face competition from conventional energy and non-solar
renewable energy providers.  
 With respect to large integrated PV system projects, we compete
primarily in terms of price, design and construction experience, aesthetics and
conversion efficiency. We face competition from other providers of renewable
energy solutions, including developers of PV, solar thermal and concentrated
solar power systems, and developers of other forms of renewable energy projects,
including wind, hydropower, geothermal, biomass, and tidal. We also face
competition from other EPC companies and joint venture type arrangements between
EPC companies and solar companies. While the decline in PV modules prices over
the last several years has increased demand in solar electricity worldwide,
competition at the systems level can be intense, thereby exerting downward
pressure on systems level profit margins industry-wide, to the extent
competitors are willing and able to bid aggressively low prices for new projects
and power purchase agreements, or PPAs, using low cost assumptions for modules,
components, installation, maintenance and other costs. We face intense
competition in the PV system markets and our PV and compressed air energy
generation systems compete with different solar energy systems as well as other
renewable energy sources in the alternative energy market.   
 Also, air power technologies are being developed in Italy,
Germany, the United Stated, and France.  
  Environmental Matters   
 We have installed various types of anti-pollution equipment in
our facilities to reduce, treat, and where feasible, recycle the wastes
generated in our manufacturing process. We contain and treat waste water
generated in our production process. The other major environmental contaminant
we generate is gaseous waste. We treat such gas in our special facilities to
reduce the contaminant level to below the applicable environmental protection
standard before discharging the gas into the atmosphere. Our operations are
subject to regulation and periodic monitoring by local environmental protection
authorities. The Chinese national and local environmental laws and regulations impose fees for the
discharge of waste substances above prescribed levels, impose fines for serious
violations and provide that the Chinese national and local governments may at
their own discretion close or suspend the operation of any facility that fails
to comply with orders requiring it to cease or remedy operations causing
environmental damage.  
 23 

In May 2014, as required by PRC law, we obtained the
Environmental Assessment Report on Construction Projects for the manufacturing
space that we lease from Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited, which is used as
our second factory and offices. This report was issued by an independent
qualified evaluation company with a conclusion that the operations conducted by
Sanhe comply with relevant environmental laws in China, which will not cause
detrimental environmental impacts. However, since our primary manufacturing and
office space leased from LuckSky Group in Sanhe City has a zoning restriction
that only permits agricultural use, we are still in the process of obtaining the
approval for the manufacturing use.  
 No penalties have been imposed on us or our subsidiaries, and
we believe we are currently in compliance with present environmental protection
requirements in all material respects, and have obtained or been in the process
of obtaining all necessary environmental permits for our production facility. We
are not aware of any pending or threatened environmental investigation
proceeding or action by any governmental agency or third party.  
  Insurance   
 We do not maintain property and casualty insurance, product
liability insurance or insurance covering injury to our employees.  
  PRC Governmental Regulations   
 This section sets forth a summary of the most significant
regulations or requirements that affect our business activities in China. Other
regulations and requirements, such as those relating to foreign currency
exchange, dividend distribution, regulation of foreign exchange in certain
onshore and offshore transactions, and regulations of overseas listings, may
affect our shareholders  right to receive dividends and other distributions from
us.  
   Renewable Energy Law and Other Government
Directives    
 In February 2005, China enacted its Renewable Energy Law, which
became effective on January 1, 2006, or the 2006 Renewable Energy Law. The 2006
Renewable Energy Law sets forth the national policy to encourage and support the
use of solar and other renewable energy and the use of on-grid generation. On
December 26, 2009, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress
adopted an amendment to the 2006 Renewable Energy Law, or the Amended Renewable
Energy Law, which became effective on April 1, 2010. While the 2006 Renewable
Energy Law has laid the legal foundation for developing renewable energy in
China, the Amended Renewable Energy Law has introduced practical implementing
measures to enhance such development.  
 24 

The Amended Renewable Energy Law details the principles, main
content and key issues of the renewable energy development and utilization
plans, further elaborates the requirements for grid companies to purchase the
full amount of electricity generated from renewable energy by setting out the
responsibilities and obligations of the government, the power companies and the
grid companies, respectively, and also clarifies that the state will set up a
special fund, referred to as the renewable energy development fund, to
compensate the difference between the tariff for electricity generated from
renewable energy and that generated from conventional energy sources. The
proceeds of the renewable energy development fund may also be used to support
renewable energy scientific research, finance rural clean energy projects, build
independent power systems in remote areas and islands, and build information
networks to exploit renewable energy. It is anticipated that China will publish
more detailed implementing rules for the Amended Renewable Energy Law and make
corresponding changes to those existing implementing rules relating to renewable
energy.  
 The current rebates available for our customers include a
rebate of 0.42 RMB per kilowatt for 20 years for factories and 1 RMB per
kilowatt for 20 years for power plants.  
 China s Ministry of Construction issued a directive in June of
2005, which seeks to expand the use of solar energy in residential and
commercial buildings and encourages the increased application of solar energy in
townships. In addition, China s State Council promulgated a directive in June of
2005, which sets forth specific measures to conserve energy resources and
encourage exploration, development and use of solar energy in China s western
areas, which are not fully connected to electricity transmission grids, and
other rural areas. In July 2007, the PRC State Electricity Regulatory Commission
issued the Supervision Regulations on the Purchase of All Renewable Energy by
Power Grid Enterprises which became effective on September 1, 2007. To promote
the use of renewable energy for power generation, the regulations require that
electricity grid enterprises must in a timely manner set up connections between
the grids and renewable power generation systems and purchase all the
electricity generated by renewable power generation systems. The regulations
also provide that power dispatch institutions shall give priority to renewable
power generation companies in respect of power dispatch services provision.  
 On August 31, 2007, the NDRC implemented the National Medium-
and Long-Term Programs for Renewable Energy, or MLPRE, which highlights the
government s long-term commitment to the development of renewable energy.  
 On April 1, 2008, the PRC Energy Conservation Law came into
effect. Among other objectives, this law encourages the utilization and
installation of solar power facilities in buildings for energy-efficiency
purposes.  
 On March 23, 2009, the MOF, issued the Provisional Measures for
Administration of Government Subsidy Funds for Application of Solar Photovoltaic
Technology in Building Construction, which outline a subsidy program dedicated to rooftop PV systems with a minimum
capacity of 50 kilowatt-peak.  
 25 

In July 2010, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
Development issued the  City Illumination Administration Provisions  or the
Illumination Provision. The Illumination Provisions encourage the installation
and use of renewable energy system such as PV systems in the process of
construction and re- construction of city illumination projects.  
 On July 24, 2011, the NDRC issued the Notice on Improving the
On-grid Tariff Policy for Photovoltaic Generation. Under this Notice, it is
required that a uniform national benchmark on-grid tariff for solar energy
photovoltaic generation be formulated. Furthermore, for PV projects that had
been approved before July 1, 2011 and would be completed by December 31, 2011,
the feed-in tariff would be RMB1.15/kWh, including value-added tax, or VAT.
Except for PV projects that are constructed in Tibet, for PV projects that are
approved after July 1, 2011 and PV projects that had been approved before July
1, 2011 but would not be completed by December 31, 2011, the feed-in tariff
including VAT would be RMB1/kWh.  
 On March 14, 2012, the MOF, the NDRC and the National Energy
Administration, or the NEA, jointly issued interim measures for the management
of additional subsidies for renewable-energy power prices, according to which
relevant renewable-energy power generation enterprises are entitled to apply for
subsidies for their renewable power generation projects that satisfy relevant
requirements set forth in the measures.  
 On January 1, 2013, the State Council adopted a Circular on the
Twelfth Five-Year Plan for the Energy Development, which sets out key
development objectives for the industry during the 12th Five-Year Plan. In
accordance with this plan, to optimize the structure of energy consumption, the
proportion of non- fossil energy consumption shall be increased to 11.4 percent
of total energy consumption by 2015.  
 In March 2013, NDRC issued the Notice on Improving the Pricing
Scheme for Photovoltaic Power Generation. According to this notice, the NDRC
proposed to reduce the feed-in tariff for utility scale PV projects from RMB
1/kWh to RMB 0.75/kWh, RMB 0.85/kWh and RMB 0.95/kWh, depending on the project s
location of construction. The feed-in tariff for PV projects constructed in
specific regions would remain at RMB 1/kWh. In addition, the NDRC proposed a
subsidy of RMB 0.35/kWh for distributed PV generation projects and the purchase
price of electricity generated to be in line with the coal-electricity tariffs.
 
 In March 2013, NDRC, the NEA and the MOF, jointly issued
measures to standardize settlement of feed-in tariffs, which are believed to
help address the delay in payment of solar subsidies and settlement of accounts
payable experienced by solar project developers. In addition, pursuant to a July
2013 MOF notice, starting from August 2013, subsidies for distributed PV power
generation stations (excluding distributed PV power generation projects) are
required to be paid directly from the MOF to the State Grid Corporation of China
and the China Southern Power Grid Co., Ltd., rather than through the MOF s
provincial counterparts. As a result of such measures, the collection
period for feed-in-tariffs is expected to be significantly shortened.  
 26  

The MOF has proposed to almost double the renewable energy
surcharge for end-users of electricity from RMB0.008 per kWh to RMB0.015 per
kWh, effective since September 25, 2013.  
 On August 26, 2013, the Department of Price of the NDRC
released subsidy details for PV projects. Transmission-grid-connected projects
will receive a feed-in-tariff of RMB0.90 to RMB1.00 per kWh, and
distribution-grid-connected projects will receive a premium of RMB0.42 per kWh
in addition to the desulphurized coal benchmark price.
Distribution-grid-connected projects are expected to represent the majority of
China s new PV installation in the next few years. Unlike the rest of the world,
capital expenditures for distribution-grid-connected projects are higher than
transmission-grid-connected projects, since labor costs for scaffolding and work
on rooftops are low in China and rooftop space is currently free. Meanwhile, the
NDRC announced that the feed-in tariff will be valid, in principle, for 20
years.  
 On September 23, 2013, the MOF and the State Administration of
Taxation jointly issued a notice that ordered a 50% refund of value-added tax on
sales by PV manufacturers of their PV products. This VAT refund will be
effective from October 1, 2013 through December 31, 2015.  
 On November 26, 2013, the MOF announced that the electricity
generated by the distributed PV system for its own use is exempted from paying
four governmental charges. On the same date, the NEA promulgated the  Interim
Measures for the Administration of PV Power Generation. , which clarify that the
state department in charge of energy and its local counterparts are responsible
for the supervision of PV projects.  
 On February 12, 2014, the NEA circulated the target of national
solar installations for 2014 to be 14GW, 6GW of which would be targeted for
utility scale, 8GW for distributed generation.  
 On the same day, the NEA released a list of 81  New Energy
Demonstration Cities  and eight  industrial demonstration parks  in 28 and 8
provinces respectively. These cities and zones are required to achieve their
respective mandatory targets in terms of solar PV installations and the
percentage of installed renewable energy power generation capacities by the end
of 2015, or the end of the 12th Five-Year-Plan.  
 In February 2014, the Certification and Accreditation
Administration and the NEA jointly issued the  Implementation Opinions on
Strengthening the Testing and Certification of PV Products.  The implementation
opinions provide that only certified PV products may be connected to the public
grid or receive government subsidies. The institutions that certify PV products
must be approved by the Certification and Accreditation Administration.
According to the implementation opinions, PV products that are subject to
certification include PV battery parts, inverters, control devices, confluence
devices, energy storage devices and independent PV systems.  
 27 

In 2016, the government enacted the  Helping the Poor  Project.
The National Poverty Alleviation Office has set an objective for the provinces
and cities to alleviate poverty in the next three years through government
investment to construct household power stations for poor families and to
subsidize electricity charges for poor families to alleviate poverty. 
   Environmental Regulations    
 We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related
to the storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials. The major environmental
regulations applicable to us include the Environmental Protection Law of the
PRC, the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and its
implementation rules, the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Air
Pollution and its implementation rules, the Law of PRC on the Prevention and
Control of Solid Waste Pollution and the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and
Control of Noise Pollution and the PRC Law on Appraising Environment Impacts.
 
 In addition, under the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC,
the Ministry of Environmental Protection sets national pollutant emission
standards. However, provincial governments may set stricter local standards,
which are required to be registered at the State Administration for
Environmental Protection. Enterprises are required to comply with the stricter
of the two standards.  
 The relevant laws and regulations generally impose discharge
fees based on the level of emission of pollutants. These laws and regulations
also impose fines for violations of laws, regulations or decrees and provide for
possible closure by the central or local government of any enterprise which
fails to comply with orders requiring it to rectify the activities causing
environmental damage.  
 We have received the environmental certification from the
government related to our manufacturing process.  
   Product Quality Certification    
 Our air energy storage power generation products require
certification by the National Quality Supervision Department. As our air
compression products are nonstandard, there is no ISO or other qualifying
standard for the industry. The certification is therefore based on our design
specifications. We have provided the government with our design specifications
and begun discussions with the standard. We believe that there is no material
risk that the government will not accept our product as the government is
encouraging new technology in power generation.  
  Employees   
 We set out below the total number of our employees and the
various functions which they serve as at July 31, 2016.  
 28 

Functions 

Sales, Purchasing and Marketing  
       
     5  

Finance and Administration  
       
     9  

Production and Quality Control  
       
     68  

TOTAL   
       
      82   
         
 All of our employees are based in the PRC. Our PRC permanent
employees are not unionized. We have not experienced any strikes, labor disputes
or work stoppages by our employees and believe our relationship with our
employees is good.  
  Seasonality   
 Our business is not seasonal, except to the extent that
construction projects in northern China are more likely to be delayed by
weather.  
  Website Access to our SEC Reports   
 You may obtain a copy of the following reports, free of charge
through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after
electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our previous
Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current
Reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act").  
 The public may also read and copy any materials filed with the
SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549. The Public Reference Room may be contact at (800) SEC-0330. You may also
access our other reports via that link to the SEC website.  
  Item 1A   Risk Factors   
  You should carefully consider
the risks described below, which constitute all of the material risks facing us.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. You
should also refer to the other information about us contained in this Report
including our financial statements and released notes.  
 Our business operations are conducted entirely in the PRC.
Because China s economy and its laws, regulations and policies are different
from those typically found in the west and are continually changing, we face
certain risks, including but not limited to those summarized below.  
    Risks Related to our Business     
   We Have a Limited Operating History   .   
 The Company has a limited history with respect to the
manufacture, sale and distribution of compressed air energy storage systems and
PV power generation systems. To date, we have completed one project and are
constructing three additional projects. Our ability to achieve profitability
and positive cash flow over time will be dependent upon, among
other things, its ability to manufacture and market our products and maintain
our technological competitiveness despite limited prior experience.  
 29  

We Have only Generated Limited Revenue from the Sale of
our Products.    
 While we have four projects, only one project in Shandong
Province has been completed and generated revenues. Construction of two projects
in Shandong Province has been completed and we are awaiting interconnection
approval from the National Grid. The project in Hubei province is under
construction. There can be no assurance that that we will complete additional
projects in the future and generate significant revenues or that there will not
be unexpected difficulties which will require additional resources to solve and
delay our growth.  
   Our Business may be Affected by the Economic Growth of
China   .   
 Demand for our products is affected by the general economic
conditions in China. Our projects generally require significant upfront capital
expenditures, and our customers may rely on internally generated funds or on
financing for the purchase of our systems. As a result of weakened macroeconomic
conditions and in particular the adverse credit market conditions, our customers
may experience difficulty in generating capital or in obtaining financing on
attractive terms or at all. To the extent that any of the foregoing should
occur, our revenues and our growth could be adversely affected.  
   We may be Unable to Maintain Internal Funds or Obtain
Financing in the Future   .   
 Adequate financing is one of the major factors that can affect
our ability to execute our business plan. We intend to finance our business
mainly through internal funds, bank loans or raising equity funds. There is no
guarantee that we will always have internal funds available for future
developments or we will not experience difficulties in obtaining financing and
obtaining credit facilities granted by financial institutions in the future. In
addition, there may be a delay in equity fundraising activities. We may not be
able to secure additional sources of financing on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. If we cannot raise additional capital on acceptable terms, we may not
be able to develop or enhance our products, take advantage of future
opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements.
To fully realize our business objectives and potential, we may require
additional financing. Additional financing may be debt, equity or a combination
of debt and equity. If equity is used, it could result in significant dilution
to our shareholders.  
 30 

A Substantial Increase in the Cost of Solar Panels Could
Adversely Affect our Growth   .   
 We rely on third parties to supply our solar panels. Some of
our competitors are vertically integrated and produce their own, giving them a
cost advantage which limits the advantage of our solar installation and air
energy storage power generation technologies. In addition, solar panels are in
ample supply due to increased capacity, particularly in China, in recent years.
A shortage of supply could result in increased costs and increase the cost
advantage of our vertically integrated competitors.  
   There is Concern about our Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern due To Recurring Losses from Operations, All of Which Means That We may not be Able to
Continue Operations.    
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company
incurred a loss of $608,184 in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and has
incurred losses since its inception resulting in an accumulated deficit of $812,935 at
July 31, 2016. Further losses are anticipated in the development of its business
raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the
Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the
necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising
from normal business operations when they become due. The Company expects to
finance operations primarily through cash flow from revenue and capital
contributions from principal shareholders. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be successful in its plans described above or in attracting equity
or alternative financing on acceptable terms, or if at all.  
   We are Dependent on our Executive Officers. Any Loss in
their Services without Suitable Replacement may Adversely Affect our
Operations.    
 Zhou Deng Hua   has served as our Chief Executive Officer
and our Acting Chief Financial Officer since April 30, 2016 and has been a
member of our Board of Directors since June 2, 2012. Zhiqi Zhang, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer remains as our general counsel. Zhou Jian, became
Chairman in July 2014. Our continued success is dependent, to a large extent, on
our ability to retain their services.  
 The continued success of our business is also dependent on our
key management and operational personnel. We rely on their experience in the
alternate energy industry, product development, sales and marketing and on their
relationships with our customers and suppliers.  
 The loss of the services of any of our executive directors or
executive officers without suitable replacement or the inability to attract and
retain qualified personnel will adversely affect our operations and hence, our
revenue and profits.  
 31 

If We Do not Manage our Growth, We may not be Able to
Operate our Business Effectively.    
 We expect significant expansion will be required to address
potential growth in our customer base, the breadth of our service offerings, and
other opportunities. This expansion could strain our management, operations,
systems and financial resources. To manage any future growth of our operations
and personnel, we must improve and effectively utilize operational, management,
marketing and financial systems and successfully recruit, hire, train and manage
personnel and maintain close coordination among our technical, finance,
marketing, sales and recruitment staffs. We also will need to manage an
increasing number of complex relationships with customers, strategic partners,
advertisers and other third parties. Our failure to manage growth could disrupt
our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenue we expect.
 
 32  

Risks Related to Protection and Infringement of
Intellectual Property Rights.    
 Our ability to compete depends, in part, on our ability to
obtain and enforce intellectual property protection for our technology in China
and internationally. We currently rely primarily on a combination of trade
secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks and licenses to protect our
intellectually property. If we fail to enforce our intellectual property rights,
our businesses may suffer. We, or our suppliers, may be subject to third-party
claims of infringement on intellectual property rights. These claims, if
successful, may require us to redesign affected products, enter into costly
settlement or license agreements, pay damage awards, or face a temporary or
permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our
products.  
   Risks Related to Lack of Property and Casualty and
Employee Injury Insurance.    
 We may be held liable if any product we or our suppliers
develop causes injury or property damage to employees or others. We do not have
property and casualty insurance and injury insurance for employees. If we choose
to obtain property and casualty insurance and injury insurance for employees but
cannot obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise
protect against potential claims, the commercialization of products that we
develop may be prevented or inhibited. If we are sued for any property damage or
injury caused by our products or the construction of our power systems, our
liability could deplete our total assets. 
   If We are Unable to Continue to Operate in our
Facilitates, our Operations could be Adversely Affected.    
 The land on which our factory, office and dormitory in Sanhe
City are located is designated for agricultural use, and not for office, factory
and dormitory space. However, the area has also been designated a development
zone where other factories are located and additional non-agricultural
development is expected upon completion of government planning. We are in the
process of applying for the land use approval. If we are not able to obtain the
land use approval to use the land as our manufacturing facility, we will not be
able to obtain the environmental assessment report and permits that are
necessary for our operations. In the event that we are unable to use the space
due to the failure of obtaining the land use approval and the environmental
report and permits, we intend to move our operations to the facility currently
leased from Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited. In the event we are
unable to use our principal factory and office space as a result of this usage
issue, the lease provides that LuckSky Group will use every effort to complete
and perfect the ownership and usage rights, or provide Sanhe with equivalent
space. However, such a move would be potentially costly and disruptive.  
   Risks Related to our Securities    
   Our Common Stock is a "Penny Stock" which may Restrict
the Ability of Stockholders to Sell our Common Stock in the Secondary
Market.    
 33  

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations
which generally define "penny stock" to be an equity security that has a market
price, as defined, of less than $5.00 per share, or an exercise price of less
than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions, including an exception of
an equity security that is quoted on a national securities exchange. Our Common
Stock is not now quoted on a national exchange but is traded on the OTCQB of the
OTC Markets ( OTCQB ). Thus, they are subject to rules that impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell these securities. For
example, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the
purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser's written consent
to the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally, the rules require the
delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC
relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter,
and current quotations for the securities, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's
presumed control over the market. Finally, among other requirements, monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock
held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The
"penny stock" rules, may restrict the ability of our stockholders to sell our
Common Stock and warrants in the secondary market.  
   Our Common Stock has been Very Thinly Traded, Liquidity
Is Limited, and We may be Unable to Obtain Listing of our Common Stock on a more
Liquid Market.    
 Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB, which provides
significantly less liquidity than a securities exchange (such as the NYSE MKT,
New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ). There is uncertainty that we will ever
be accepted for a listing on a national securities exchange.  
 Often there is currently a very limited volume of trading in
our Common Stock, and on many days there has been no trading activity at all.
The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may find it difficult to resell
their shares at prices quoted in the market or at all.  
   Two Persons have Significant Voting Power and may Take
Actions that may not be in the Best Interests of Other Stockholders.  
 
 Zhou Jian, our Chairman, and Zhou Deng Hua, our Vice General
Manager, who also constitute our Board of Directors, control 62.9% of our voting
securities. If Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Hua act together, they will be able to
exert significant control over the Company's management and affairs requiring
stockholder approval, including approval of significant corporate transactions.
This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change in control and might adversely affect the market price of the Common
Stock. This concentration of ownership may not be in the best interests of all
of the Company's stockholders.  
   Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC    
 34  

We may be Affected by Environmental Changes in China and
Global Climate Change or by Legal, Regulatory or Market Responses to such
Changes.    
 The growing political and scientific sentiment is that
increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the
atmosphere are influencing global weather patterns. Concern over climate change,
including global warming, and environmental degradation in China has led to
legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions and subsidizing alternate energy production, which have been
beneficial to our business. Laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect
electricity generation or our production, distribution, and cost of raw
materials could all impact our business and financial results. Reductions in the
subsidies provided by the government of the PRC for the use of our products
would adversely affect our operations, revenue and growth.  
   We Face the Risk that Changes in the Policies of the PRC
Government could have a Significant Impact upon the Business We may be Able to
Conduct in the PRC and the Profitability of such Business.    
 The PRC s economy is in a transition from a planned economy to
a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted by the
central government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the
PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the
PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the
model of a market economy. Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will
continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign
countries and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While
we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that this will be
the case. A change in policies by the PRC government could adversely affect our
interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the
interpretation thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency
conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or
nationalization of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has been
pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure
you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such
policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change
in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting
the PRC's political, economic and social environment.  
   Introduction of New Laws or Changes to Existing Laws by
the PRC Government may Adversely Affect our Business.    
 The PRC legal system is a codified legal system made up of
written laws, regulations, circulars, administrative directives and internal
guidelines. Unlike common law jurisdictions like the U.S., decided cases (which
may be taken as reference) do not form part of the legal structure of the PRC
and thus have no binding effect on subsequent cases with similar issues and fact
patterns. Furthermore, in line with its transformation from a centrally-planned
economy to a more free market-oriented economy, the PRC government is still in
the process of developing a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. As the
legal system in the PRC is still evolving, laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same may be
subject to further changes. Also, the PRC central and municipal governments may
impose more stringent environmental regulations which would affect our ability
to comply with, or our costs to comply with, such regulations. Such changes, if
implemented, may adversely affect our business operations and may reduce our
profitability.  
 35 

Inflation in the PRC could Negatively Affect our
Profitability and Growth.    
 While the PRC economy has experienced rapid growth, such growth
has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different
geographical areas of the country. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in
the money supply and rising inflation. In order to control inflation in the
past, the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credits, limits on loans
for fixed assets and restrictions on state bank lending. Such an austere policy
can lead to a slowing of economic growth, which may have an adverse effect on
our business operations and financial condition.  
   Governmental Control of Currency Conversion may Affect
the Value of your Investment.    
 The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of
Renminbi, or RMB, into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance
of currency out of the PRC. We receive all of our revenues in RMB, which is
currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of
foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency
to pay expenses and dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency dominated
obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of
current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and
expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without
prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE,
by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from
appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted
into foreign currency and remitted out of PRC to pay capital expenses such as
the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies.  
 The PRC government also may at its discretion restrict access
in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the
foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign
currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of
our expenses as they come due.  
   The Fluctuation of RMB may Materially and Adversely
Affect your Investment.    
 The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other
currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the
PRC's political and economic conditions. As we rely entirely on revenues earned
in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely
affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the
extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our
securities into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S.
dollar could cause the RMB equivalent of U.S. dollars to be reduced and therefore could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for
the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other
business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S.
dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the
depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a
change to our operations and a reduction in the value of these assets.  
 36 

Because our Principal Assets are Located outside of the
United States and all of our Directors and all our Officers Reside outside of
the United States, It may be Difficult for you to Enforce your Rights Based on
U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and our Officers and Directors or to
Enforce a Judgment of a United States Court against us or our Officers and
Directors in the PRC.    
 All of our directors and officers reside outside of the United
States. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the
United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States
to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the
U.S. Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or the
PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such
judgments in PRC courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in
effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement
against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties, under the U.S.
Federal securities laws or otherwise.  
   Adverse Changes in Economic and Political Policies of the
PRC Government could have a Material Adverse Effect on the overall Economic
Growth of China, which could Adversely Affect our Business.    
 Substantially all of our business operations are conducted in
China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects
are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal
developments in China. China s economy differs from the economies of most
developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of
government involvement, level of development, growth rate, and control of
foreign exchange and allocation of resources.  
 Since the adoption of the  open door policy  in 1978 and the
 socialist market economy  in 1993, the PRC government has been reforming and is
expected to continue to reform its economic and political systems. Any changes
in the political or economic policy of the PRC government may lead to changes in
the laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same, as well as changes
in the foreign exchange regulations, taxation and import and export
restrictions, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance.
While the current policy of the PRC government seems to be one of imposing
economic reform policies to encourage foreign investments and greater economic
decentralization, there is no assurance that such a policy will continue to
prevail in the future.  
 While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the
past 30 years, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various
economic sectors of China. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development
and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the
overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by
government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that
are applicable to us. Since early 2004, the PRC government has implemented
certain measures to control the pace of economic growth. Such measures may cause
a decrease in the level of economic activity in China, including the
manufacturing output of our customers, which, in turn, could adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects.  
 37  

Failure to Comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act and Chinese anti-corruption Laws could subject us to Penalties and other
Adverse Consequences.    
 We are required to comply with China s anti-corruption laws and
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S.
companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign
officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, we
are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our
transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls.
Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these
prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other
fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in mainland China. If our
competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment
from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in
securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in
obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform
our personnel that such practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our
employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be
held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in
such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation, our sales activities or
the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the
target of any negative publicity as a result of actions taken by our employees
or other agents.  
   We Do not have Liability Business Interruption,
Litigation or Natural Disaster Insurance.    
 The insurance industry in China is still at an early stage of
development. In particular PRC insurance companies offer limited business
products. As a result, we do not have any product liability, business liability,
disruption insurance or any other forms of insurance coverage for our operations
in China. Any potential liability, business interruption, litigation or natural
disaster may result in our business incurring substantial costs and the
diversion of resources.  
   Restrictions under PRC Law on our PRC Subsidiary s
Ability to Make Dividends and other Distributions could Materially and Adversely
Affect our Ability to Grow, Make Investments or Complete Acquisitions
    that could Benefit our Business, Pay Dividends to you,
and otherwise Fund and Conduct our Businesses.   
 38 

Substantially all of our revenues are earned by our PRC
subsidiary. However, PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary
to make dividend and other payments to its offshore parent company. PRC legal
restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiary only out of its
accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary is also required under
PRC s laws and regulations to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits to
fund certain statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of its registered
capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for
specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances
or cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to
transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow,
make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay
dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business.  
   Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Audit
Documentation related to their Audit Report included in this Registration
Statement may include Audit Documentation Located in the People s Republic of
China. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Currently cannot Inspect
Audit Documentation Located in China and, as such, you may be Deprived of the
Benefits of such Inspection.    
 Our independent registered public accounting firm that issues
the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in
the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board ( PCAOB ), is required by the laws of the United States to
undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws
of the United States and professional standards. Our operations are conducted in
China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections
without the approval of the Chinese authorities. Accordingly, no audit
documentation located in China related to our independent registered public
accounting firm s reports included in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission is currently inspected by the PCAOB.  
 Inspections conducted by the PCAOB outside of China have
identified deficiencies in those firms  audit procedures and quality control
procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve
future audit quality. This lack of PCAOB inspections in China prevents the PCAOB
from regularly evaluating audit documentation located in China and its related
quality control procedures. As a result, investors may be deprived of the
benefits of PCAOB inspections.  
 The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections in China
makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor s audit
procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of
China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. Investors may lose confidence in
our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our
financial statements.  
 39 

Risks Related to the VIE Agreements    
   The PRC Government may Determine that the VIE Agreements
are not in Compliance with Applicable PRC Laws, Rules and Regulations.  
 
 Details of the VIE Agreements are set out in the under
 Description of Business   Acquisition of Sanhe . There are risks involved with
the operation of our business in reliance on the VIE Agreements, including the
risk that the VIE Agreements may be determined by PRC regulators or courts to be
unenforceable. Our PRC counsel has provided a legal opinion that the VIE
Agreements are binding and enforceable under PRC law, but has further advised
that if the VIE Agreements were for any reason determined to be in breach of any
existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities
would have broad discretion in dealing with such breach, including:  

imposing economic penalties;    

discontinuing or restricting the operations of
      Sanhe;     

imposing conditions or requirements in respect of the VIE
      Agreements with which Sanhe may not be able to comply;    

requiring our Company to restructure the relevant
      ownership structure or operations;    

taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could
      adversely affect our Company s business; and    

revoking the business licenses and/or the licenses or
      certificates of Sanhe, and/or voiding the VIE Agreements.
      
 Any of these actions could adversely affect our ability to
manage, operate and gain the financial benefits of Sanhe, which would have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.  
   Our Ability to Control Sanhe under the VIE Agreements may
not be as Effective as Direct Ownership.    
 We conduct our business in the PRC and currently generate
virtually all of our revenues through the VIE Agreements. Our plans for future
growth are based substantially on growing the operations of Sanhe. However, the
VIE Agreements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Sanhe
as direct ownership. The VIE Agreements provide us with day-to-day control over
the operations of Sanhe as we provide Sanhe with complete business support and
technical support and related management, training and consulting services.
Under the current VIE arrangements, as a legal matter, if Sanhe fails to perform
its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to (i) incur substantial
costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and (ii) rely on legal
remedies under PRC law, which we cannot be sure would be effective. Therefore,
if we are unable to effectively control Sanhe, it may have an adverse effect on
our ability to achieve our business objectives and grow our revenues.  
 40 

As the VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law, we would be
required to rely on PRC law to enforce our rights and remedies under them; PRC
law may not provide us with the same rights and remedies as are available in
contractual disputes governed by the law of other jurisdictions.  
 The VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law and provide for the
resolution of disputes through the jurisdiction of the courts in the PRC. If
Sanhe or its shareholders fail to perform the obligations under the VIE
Agreements, we would be required to resort to legal remedies available under PRC
law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, or claiming
damages. We cannot be sure that such remedies would provide us with effective
means of causing Sanhe or its shareholders to meet their obligations, or
recovering any losses or damages as a result of non-performance. Further, the
legal environment in China is not as developed as in other jurisdictions.
Uncertainties in the application of various laws, rules, regulations or policies
in PRC legal system could limit our liability to enforce the VIE Agreements and
protect our interests.  
   The Payment Arrangement under the VIE Agreements may be
Challenged by the PRC Tax Authorities.    
 We generate our revenues through the payments we receive
pursuant to the VIE Agreements. Currently, all of our operations reside in the
VIE which is required to pay our wholly owned subsidiary, Luck Sky Shen Zhen,
100% of the total annual net profit, as defined. We could face adverse tax
consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the VIE Agreements were
not entered into based on arm s length negotiations. For example, PRC tax
authorities may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes which could
result in our being subject to higher taxes liability, or cause other adverse
financial consequences.  
 41 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   
 None 
  Item 2. Properties   
 We lease our principal office,
factory and dormitory from LuckSky Group in Sanhe City, Hebei Province. LuckSky
Group is owned by Zhou Deng Rong, our former CEO and a Director and Zhou Jian,
our Chairman of the Board and General Manager. The space in the office, factory
and dormitory being leased are 1296, 5160 and 1200 square meters. The office and
factory space are leased for a rent of RMB 697,248 per year and the dormitory is
leased for a rent of RMB 129,600 per year. The leases expire in April 30, 2024
and are subject to renewal with a prior two-month written notice. LuckSky Group
is in the process of obtaining the ownership certificate of the leased
buildings.  
 On April 28, 2012, Zhou Jian
obtained the right of usage of 44.3 acres agricultural land where our principal
office, factory and dormitory are located for 18 years and 8 months, starting
May 1, 2012. The annual price paid for such usage right is RMB 34,510. On May 1,
2012, Zhou Jian signed a commitment letter that allowed Xiangtian Kelitai,
Yanjiao Branch, a division of LuckSky Group, to use this agricultural land.
LuckSky Group constructed the buildings on such agricultural land. Since the
land is zoned for agricultural use, and not for office and factory space, the
lease provides that if Sanhe is not able to use the space because of the
building s ownership issue (as LuckSky Group has not obtained the ownership
certificate of the building and the land use certificate), then LuckSky Group
agrees to use every effort to complete and perfect the ownership and usage
rights, or provide Sanhe with equivalent space. 
 We lease a factory in Hubei
province with 4,628 square meters. The lease lasts for three years and expires on
July 31, 2018 and requires
a total lease payment of $251,025 (RMB 1,666,080).  
 We believe that the facilities,
which have land available for expansion, are sufficient for our expected needs
should adding additional work shifts be insufficient. 
  Item 3. Legal Proceedings   
 There are no material pending
legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is
subject and to the best of our knowledge, no such actions against us are
contemplated or threatened. 
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
 Not applicable. 
 42 

PART II      
  ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
  Market Information   
 Our common stock, $0.0001 par
value per share, began trading on the OCT Market on June 28, 2012, where its
prices are quoted under the symbol  XTNY.  
 The following table sets forth the reported high and low sales
prices of our common stock for the indicated periods, as regularly quoted on the
OCT Market: The price range per share of common stock presented below represents
the highest and lowest intra-day sales prices for the Company's common stock on
the OTCQB. Since our common stock is traded infrequently, such over-the-counter
market quotations may reflect inter-dealer prices, without markup, markdown or
commissions and do not represent a liquid trading market.  

Empire Stock Transfer Co., Inc. of Henderson, Nevada is our
stock transfer agent. They can be contacted by telephone at (702) 818-5898 and
by facsimile at (702) 974-1444. 
  Holders   
 As of October 24, 2016, 591,042,000. shares of common stock
were issued and outstanding and there were 362 shareholders of record our common
stock, including 262,092,740 shares beneficially owned by Zhou Jian, the
Chairman of the Board, and 101,831,136 owned by Zhou Deng Hua, our Vice General
Manager and Director. The shares owned by Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Hua may only
be resold in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933.  
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities- None   
 43  

Dividends   
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common
stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance
the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends on its common stock. Any future determination to pay
dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be
dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and
results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business
prospects, and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant.
 
 The payment of dividends is contingent on the ability of our
PRC based operating subsidiary to obtain approval to send monies out of the PRC.
The PRC's national currency, the Yuan or renminbi, is not a freely convertible
currency. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of renminbi
into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of
the PRC. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our
ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends.  
  Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans   
 We do not have any stock option, bonus, profit sharing, pension
or similar plan. However, we may adopt such a plan in the future to attract and
retain members of management, directors or key employees.  
  Stock Price Performance Graph   
  This performance graph shall
not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or
incorporated by reference into any filing of Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.
under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set
forth by specific reference in such filing.   
 This performance chart compares
the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the NASDAQ
Composite Index and the NASDAQ Clean Edge U.S. Liquid Series Index, or NASDAQ
CELS Index. The chart assumes $100 was invested on June 28, 2012 in the common
stock of Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd., the NASDAQ Composite Index and the
NASDAQ CELS Index, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock
price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future
stock price performance. 

44 

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA  
 This item is not applicable for a
company with  small reporting company  status with respect to financial
disclosures. 
 45 

Item 7   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   
  Overview   
 Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co.,
Ltd. was originally incorporated as Goa Sweet Tours Ltd. in the State of
Delaware on September 2, 2008. We were originally formed to provide personalized
concierge tour packages to tourists who visit the State of Goa, India.  
 On April 17, 2012, Goa Sweet
Tours, Ltd. entered into Share Purchase Agreements (the  Purchase Agreements ),
with Luck Sky International Investment Holdings Limited, an entity owned and
controlled by Zhou Deng Rong, and certain of our former stockholders who owned,
in the aggregate, 7,200,000 shares of our common stock (90% of the then
outstanding shares). Luck Sky International Investment Holdings Limited
purchased such shares for an aggregate consideration of $235,000. The sale of
such shares closed on May 15, 2012.  
 On May 25, 2012, Goa Sweet Tours,
Ltd. formed a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware called
Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. ("Merger Sub") for the purpose of changing
its name. On the same day, we acquired one hundred percent of the total
outstanding shares of Merger Sub's common stock for cash. As such, Merger Sub
became our wholly-owned subsidiary.  
 Effective as of May 29, 2012,
Merger Sub was merged with and into the Company. As a result of the merger, the
Company s corporate name was changed to  Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. 
Prior to the merger, Merger Sub had no liabilities and nominal assets and, as a
result of the merger, the separate existence of the Merger Sub ceased. The
Company was the surviving corporation in the merger and, except for the name
change provided for in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, there was no change in
the directors, officers, capital structure or business of the Company.  
 On September 24, 2013, the
Company acquired all of the shares of common stock of Lucksky (Hong Kong) Shares
Limited, a Hong Kong corporation, for 250,000,000 shares of common stock of the
Company, and agreed to acquire 100% of the shares of Sanhe City LuckSky
Electrical Engineering Limited ( Sanhe ) common stock for the Company s common
stock. As of the acquisition merger, Lucksky (Hong Kong) Shares Limited and
Sanhe had no liabilities and nominal assets. Effective as of September 24, 2013,
Lucksky (Hong Kong) Shares Limited was merged with and into the Company and the
Company was the surviving entity. The Company acquired Sanhe in July 2014.  
 On May 30, 2014, the Company
entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement with Zhou Jian, the sole shareholder
of Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Aerodynamic Electricity Limited (LuckSky Aerodynamic ).
Effective May 30, 2014 the Company purchased 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Luck Sky Aerodynamic , and the Company paid Zhou Jian
a purchase price in the amount of HKD $10,000.00 (approximately USD$1,289.98) in
cash (the  Acquisition ). Neither Luck Sky Shen Zhen nor Luck Sky Aerodynamic had any
operating business and nominal or liabilities and nominal assets as of the date
of the Acquisition. As a result of the Acquisition, Luck Sky Aerodynamic became
our wholly owned subsidiary and Luck Sky Shen Zhen became our indirect
subsidiary through Luck Sky Aerodynamic.  
 46 

LuckSky Group was established in
2000 by Zhou Deng Rong after he obtained a series of patents and developed the
air compression and related technology. Sanhe was established in July 2013 and
was under common control with LuckSky Group. Since inception, Sanhe served as a
distributor of products of the LuckSky Group and its subsidiaries.  
 During the three months ended
June 30, 2014, LuckSky Group provided Sanhe with additional working capital and
transferred to Sanhe its assets and liabilities related to the compressed air
energy storage power generation technology and PV panel installations, but
retained its other assets. On April 1, 2014, LuckSky Group loaned Sanhe
RMB3,000,000. The equipment, including machinery, was sold to Sanhe for
RMB7,681,000, its book value, Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a division of
LuckSky Group on May 26, 2014. On April 30, 2014, the inventory was sold to
Sanhe by Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a division of LuckSky Group for RMB
130,918.80, its historical value. On May 19, 2014, Sanhe entered into an office
equipment transfer (purchase) agreement with Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a
division of LuckSky Group for a purchase price of RMB162, 900. Sanhe entered
into leases with LuckSky Group for a portion of the factory, office space and
dormitory located in Sanhe City and a lease with Dong Yi Glass Machine Company
Limited, which is owned by Deng Zhou Rong, our former CEO, for a second factory
and office space. In addition, 48 employees transferred from LuckSky Group to
Sanhe, including all personnel related to the projects under construction and
development and administrative and fianc  personnel.  
  Acquisition of Sanhe   
 On July 25, 2014, Sanhe and Luck
Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe s shareholders entered into a series of agreements known
as variable interest agreements (the  VIE Agreements ) pursuant to which Sanhe
became LuckSky Shen Zhen s contractually controlled affiliate. The VIE
Agreements include the Framework Agreement on Business Cooperation, the
Exclusive Management Consulting and Training and Technical Services Agreement,
the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Know-How
Sub-License Agreement and the Power-of-Attorney. The purpose and effect of the
VIE Agreements is to provide LuckSky Shen Zhen (our indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary) with all of the management and control of Sanhe and all of its net
income. While LuckSky Shen Zhen does not actually own at present any of the
equity and shares in Sanhe, the purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to
instill in Luck Sky Shen Zhen total management and voting control of Sanhe for
all material purposes. The use of VIE agreements is a common structure used to
acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries in which foreign
investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC government.  
 47 

Results of Operations   
 The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated Financial
Statement of the Company for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 and related
notes thereto.  
 Revenue  
 We have recognized $10,839,955
and $20,772,028 revenue for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. The project in Xianning, Hubei Province and
some small projects were completed for the year
July 31, 2016. The project in Weihai was completed in February 2015, project in
Binzhou was completed in June 2015 and project in Dezhou was completed in July
2015. The decrease in 2016 was because projects with bigger capacity were
completed during the year ended July 31, 2015.  
 For the year ended July 31, 2016, percentage-of completion
method is used for one contract which was not completed as of July 31, 2016. We recognized the related revenue and cost of the
other projects completed during the current period according to our revenue
recognition policy by completed contract method.  
 Cost of Sales  
 We have recognized $9,642,803 and
$17,781,011 cost of revenue for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. As with
revenue, percentage-of completion method is used for one contract and the other
completed projects in
accordance to the completed contract method.  
 Gross Profit  
 Gross profit was $1,197,152
and $2,991,017 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. Percentage-of
completion method is used for one contract. We recognized the
completed  projects based on the completed contract method.  
 Operating Expenses  
 For the year ended July 31, 2016,
we incurred total operating expenses in the amount of $1,723,863, which was
mainly comprised of selling expenses of $24,184, professional fees of $657,045,
salary expenses of $501,294, rental fees of $133,835, accounts receivable
impairment loss of $60,242 and general and administrative expenses of $347,263.
For the year ended July 31, 2015, we incurred total operating expenses in the
amount of $1,237,953, which was mainly comprised of selling expenses of $21,912,
professional fees of $318,848, salary expenses of $477,696, rental fees of
$144,361 and general and administrative expenses of $275,136. The substantial
increase of $485,910, or 39% in 2016 was primarily due to increased amounts of
professional expense for listing consultancy and accrued accounts receivable
impairment loss.  
 48 

We have not incurred any expenses
for research and development from inception through July 31, 2016. As a result
of operating losses, there has been no provision for the payment of income taxes
from the date of inception. The Company has a certain deferred tax asset that is
available to offset against future taxable income.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of July 31, 2016, we had a
cash balance of $1,226,220. During the year ended July 31, 2016, net cash
generated from operating activities totaled $375,668. Net cash used in investing
activities totaled $246,139. Net cash generated from financing activities during
the period totaled $918,644. The resulting change in cash for the period was an
increase of $724,191, which was primarily due to cash inflows from related
parties, decrease in accounts receivable and inventory and increase in accounts
payable, albeit the cash outflow from decrease in advance form customers and
loan made to third parties.  
 As of July 31, 2015, we had a
cash balance of $502,029. During the year ended July 31, 2015, net cash
generated from operating activities totaled $2,249,636. Net cash used in
investing activities totaled $95,553. Net cash used in financing activities
during the period totaled $2,035,829. The resulting change in cash for the
period was a decrease of $54,759, which was primarily due to cash outflows for
money repaid to related parties, purchasing property and equipment, albeit the
cash inflow from decrease in prepayments and increase in accounts payable.  
 As of July 31, 2016, we had
current liabilities of $8,275,631, which was mainly comprised of accounts
payable and accrued liabilities of $4,851,630, amount due to directors of
$414,876, amount due to related parties of $1,716,734, advance from customers of
$620,814, deferred tax liabilities of $107,609, other payables of$234,791 and
income tax payable of $329,177. As of July 31, 2015, we had current liabilities
of $9,086,256, which was mainly comprised of accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of $3,074,079, amount due to shareholders of $18,954, current
capital lease obligations of $33,152, amount due to directors of $417,770,
amount due to related parties of $1,056,568, advance from customers of $451,962,
deferred tax liabilities of $83,101, other payables of $459,337 and income tax
payable of $1,557 and net advance billings of $3,489,776.  
 We had a non-current liabilities
balance of $0 and $2,687,887 as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 We had net assets of $8,502,334
and $9,549,482 as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 In October 2015, we received
$250,000 in satisfaction of subscription receivables from 24 shareholders, who
had been shareholders of HK shares.  
 We expect to finance operations
primarily through non-interest bearing loans from the Company s directors and
progress billings on the ongoing projects. We estimate that our cash and cash
equivalents and projected cash receipts from operations are sufficient to fund
operations for the next six months. When additional funds become required, the
additional funding may come from equity financing from the sale of our common
stock, but there can be no assurance that such financing will be available on
acceptable terms. If we are successful in completing an equity financing,
existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our company. 
 49 

As of July 31, 2016, we had
thirteen principal projects. Seven were completed, four are not yet started, one
is on construction and one is being canceled. One of the seven projects in
Shandong province commenced operation in February 2015, two projects commenced
operation at the end of June 2015 and July 2015, one project in Fujian province
commenced operation in February 2016, the two projects in Hubei and Zhejiang
commenced operation in March 2016 and one in Hubei commenced in April 2016. The
projects in Shanxi provinces have not started. We are negotiating to terminate
the project in Sichuan province. The project in Heilongjiang is about to
completed in September 2016. We are dependent on these projects for all our
projected revenue until we obtain additional customers and any material delay or
reduction in the projected cash receipts will adversely affect our operations.
While we expect to generate revenue on the completion of our projects to meet
the liquidity and capital resources of our operations, delayed receipts may
cause going concern issues.  
 Sanhe signed a supplemental
agreement with Shandong Thaidai Photovoltaic Technology Co., Ltd., the supplier
of Shandong Binzhou project in January 2015. The Company paid a deposit of
$2,410,691 (RMB 16,000,000) to third party Ni Baofeng, who is the guarantor of
Sanhe s obligations under the agreement with Shandong Thaidai. In order to help
assure Sandong Thaidai s fulfillment of its supply obligations and to facilitate
completion of the project, Ni Baofeng agreed to not release the money to
Shandong Thaidai without the consent of Sanhe. As of July 31, 2016, the
remaining balance of the deposit is $301,336 (RMB 2,000,000).  
 The Company has incurred losses
since its inception resulting in an accumulated deficit of $812,935 as of July
31, 2016 and further profits are anticipated in the development of its business
despite raising doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Our future financial results are also uncertain due to a number of
factors, some of which are outside our control. These risk factors include, but
are not limited to:  

our ability to raise additional funding;   

the results of our proposed operations.
     
 50 

Going Concern Consideration   
 Our operations and financial results are subject to numerous
various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including
arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk
support and credit risk support or other benefits.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
   Use of Estimates and Assumptions    
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   Fair Value Measurements    
 The Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,
 Fair Value Measurements , for fair value measurements of financial assets and
financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that
are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements. ASC 820
also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements.  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value
measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at
fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in
which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants
would use when pricing the asset or liability.  
 ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an
entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to
measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are
      quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
      markets   
 51 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include
      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
      inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or
      indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
      instruments.   

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are
      unobservable and significant to the fair value.     
 There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of July 31,
2016 and 2015.  
  Billings in Excess of Costs  
 Billings in excess of costs is comprised of cash collected from
customers and billings to customers on contracts in advance of work performed,
including advance payments negotiated as a contract condition. Generally,
unearned project-related costs will be earned over the next twelve months.  
  Revenue Recognition   
 Sales of power generation system in conjunction of system
installation are recognized under accounting for construction-type contracts,
based on the nature of the contract using the 
 
Completed-Contract Method 
 
The reason for selecting completed-contract method is (a) The Company s contract
is duration is less than one year and financial position and results of
operations would not vary materially from those resulting from use of the
percentage-of completion method. (b) Reasonably dependable estimate cannot be
made due to nature of contracts. Accordingly, revenue is recognized upon the
completion of the construction, provided persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, title and risk of loss has transferred, the fee is fixed and
determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We provide for any loss that
we expect to incur on these contracts when that loss is probable.  
 
Percentage-of Completion Method  
 
For contracts with long duration and it is practical to make reasonable
estimate, percentage-of completion method is used. Revenue is recognized based
on the percentage of total income. The percentage is based on incurred costs to
date bearing to estimate total cost after giving effect to estimates of cost to
complete based on most recent information. We provide for any loss that we
expect to incur on these contracts when that loss is probable. 
  Warranty and Returns   
 The Company generally provides limited warranties for work
performed under its contracts. The warranty periods typically extend for a
limited duration following substantial completion of the Company's work on a
project. At the time a sale is recognized, we record estimated future warranty
costs. Such estimated costs for warranties are included in the individual
project cost estimates for purposes of accounting for long-term contracts. The
warranty cost is estimated based on our experience with the type of work and any
known risks relative to the project and was not material during the periods
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 No right of return exists on sales of equipment. Replacement
part returns are estimable and accrued at the time a sale is recognized.  
 52 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which modifies
existing requirements regarding measuring inventory at the lower of cost or
market. Under existing standards, the market amount requires consideration of
replacement cost, net realizable value (NRV), and NRV less an approximately
normal profit margin. The new ASU replaces market with NRV, defined as estimated
selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable
costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This eliminates the need to
determine and consider replacement cost or NRV less an approximately normal
profit margin when measuring inventory. The amendments are effective for the
annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing
this ASU s impacts on the Company s consolidated results of operations and
financial condition.  
 In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,
Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. The new
consolidation standard changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether
(a) they should consolidate limited partnerships and similar entities, (b) fees
paid to a decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a VIE,
and (c) variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting
enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. The guidance
is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed,
including early adoption in an interim period. A reporting entity may apply a
modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to
equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption or may apply the
amendments retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the
adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation
of Financial Statements  Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). This standard is
intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is
substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and
to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments contained in this ASU
apply to all companies and not-for-profit organizations. The amendments are
effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual
and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is
currently assessing this ASU s impact on the Company s consolidated results of
operations and financial condition.  
 The Company believes that there were no other accounting
standards recently issued that had or are expected to have a material impact on
our financial position or results of operations.  
 53 

Item 7A   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk      
   Foreign Exchange Risk      
 While our reporting currency is the US dollar, almost all of
our consolidated revenues and consolidated costs and expenses are denominated in
RMB. All of our assets are denominated in RMB except for some cash and cash
equivalents and accounts receivables. As a result, we are exposed to foreign
exchange risk as our revenues and results of operations may be affected by
fluctuations in the exchange rate between US dollar and RMB. If the RMB
depreciates against the US dollar, the value of our RMB revenues, earnings and
assets as expressed in our US dollar financial statements will decline. We have
not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to
foreign exchange risk. 
   Inflation      
 Inflationary factors such as increases in the costs of our
products and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results.
Inflation in China has recently increased substantially. The inflation rate in
China was reported at approximately 1.8% percent for 2016 and 1.4% for 2015
(see  http://www.statista.com/statistics/270338/inflation-rate-in-china/ ). 
 These factors have led to the adoption by the Chinese
government, of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability
of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. Price inflation can affect
our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling and
distribution, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net
revenues if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to
customers. Accordingly, inflation in China may weaken our competitiveness
domestically or in international markets. 
  Item 8. - Financial Statements   
 Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars
(US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. 
 Our audited financial statements are included following the
signature page to this Form 10-K, beginning at page F-1. 
 54 

Item 9- Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
 There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or
practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope
or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods, including the
interim period up through the date the relationship ended. 
  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial
Officer, Zhiqi Zhang, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") as of
July 31, 2015.  
 Under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), the term  disclosure
controls and procedures  means controls and other procedures of an issuer that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et
seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the
issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Acting Principal Financial Officer identified material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, which is an integral component of our
disclosure controls and procedures. and concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures as of July 31, 2015 were not effective such that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and
communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A
controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives
of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within a company have been detected. 
  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July
31, 2016.  
 55 

Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed by or under the supervision of our principal executive and acting
principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could
have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 In connection with the preparation and filing of this annual
report on Form 10-K, the Company s management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and our current Chief Financial Officer (who was also our Chief
Executive Officer) has re-evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016 and concluded that, because of the
material weaknesses described below, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of July 31, 2016. A  material weakness  is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. In connection with our management s re-evaluation
of our internal control over financial reporting described above, our management
has identified the following deficiencies that it believes constituted
individually, and in the aggregate, material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016  
 We are currently in the process of remediating the weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting referred to above by designing and
implementing new procedures and controls throughout the Company and its
subsidiaries. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of
the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. The Company s registered public accounting firm was unable
to provide an attestation. 
 Other than as described above, there were no changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended July 31, 2016
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our
internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Acting Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of
controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. 
  ITEM 9B. Other Information   
 None 
 56 

PART III   
  ITEM 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant,
and Corporate Governance   
  Directors and officers   
 The following are our officers and directors as of the date
hereof. Some of our officers and directors are residents of the PRC and,
therefore, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the U.S. upon them or to enforce judgments against them obtained from the U.S.
courts.  
  Directors and Executive Officers of Xiangtian:   

Name 

Age   
       
      Position    
   
     Zhou Deng Hua  
       
     55  
       
     Chief Executive Officer, Acting
      Chief Financial Officer   
   
     Zhou Jian  
       
     39  
       
     Chairman of the Board General Manager and
      Director of the Company, Executive Director of Sanhe   
   
     Zhiqi Zhang  
       
     51  
       
     General Counsel   
   
     Xiping Zheng  
       
     52  
       
     Manager of Sanhe Manufacturing Department

Tianyu Ma  
       
     45  
       
     Engineer at Sanhe Technology
      Department   
   
     Xiaoqin Zhou  
       
     47  
       
     Manager of Sanhe Sales Department   
   
     Chunyin Shi  
       
     46  
       
     Manager of Sanhe Accounting
      Department   
   
     Xudong Wang  
       
     33  
       
     Manager of Sanhe Procurement Department   
   
     Xiangdong Liu  
       
     46  
       
     Project Manager
   
  Business Experience   
 The following is a brief account of the education and business
experience during at least the past five years of our director, executive
officer and key employee of our company, indicating his principal occupation
during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in
which such occupation and employment were carried out.  
  Zhou Deng Hua  has served as our Chief Executive Officer
and our Acting Chief Financial Officer since April 30, 2016 and he is a member
of our Board of Directors since June 2, 2012. Before that, he served as Vice
General Manager of the company. Mr. Zhou has been a General Manager of Hong Kong
Xiangtian International Investment Group Co., Ltd. since October 2005 and Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Liaoning Xiangtian Vehicle Air Hybrid Co., Ltd., a company doing research on
air power research, since April 2009. Mr. Zhou is qualified to be a member of
our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in the field of air power
generation.  
 57 

Zhou Jian  has served as our Chairman of the Board since
July 29, 2014, our General Manager since May 15, 2012 and a member of our Board
of Directors since June 2, 2012 and the Executive Director of Sanhe since April
12, 2014. Since January 2005, Mr. Zhou has been the Chief Financial Officer of
Hong Kong Xiangtian International Investment Group Co., Ltd. In addition, he has
been the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Xiangtian Kelitai Air Power
Machinery since December 2011 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Beijing Xiangtian Hua-Chuang Air Power Science and Technology Institute Co.,
Ltd., each of which is involved in air power research and development. Mr. Zhou
received a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Southwest Finance University
(China). Mr. Zhou has extensive experience in finance and accounting, which we
believe makes him well qualified to sit on our Board of Directors. 
  Zhiqi Zhang  has served as our General Counsel since
April 30, 2016. Before that, he served as the Chief Executive Officer since July
29, 2014 and our Acting Chief Financial Officer since April 7, 2015. Mr. Zhang
has approximately 22 years  experience in the legal industry. Mr. Zhang worked
as an attorney at Heibei Jianan Law Firm from 2008 through July 31, 2014, when
he ceased all operational activities at the firm, but has kept his attorney
position at the firm while he works full time for the Company. Heibei Jianan Law
Firm has served as the Company s outside general counsel since May 2013 and the
outside general counsel for Sanhe City Lucksky Electrical Engineering Co., Ltd.
since January 2014. Between 2000 and 2008, Mr. Zhang was an attorney at Hebei
Landao Law Firm. From 1992 to 2000, Mr. Zhang was an attorney at Heibei Chengde
Second Law Firm.  
  Xiangdong Liu  has served as the project manager since
June 5, 2014. Mr. Liu worked as the Vice Manager of Liaoning Xiangtian Pneumatic
hybrid car Co., Ltd, where he was responsible for the management of the company
and implementing various company regulations and documentary requirements.
Between 2011 and 2013, Mr. Liu was employed at Xiangtian Kelitai Air Power
Mechanical Co., Ltd. (now renamed to Luck Sky Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd.). From
2013 to April 12, 2014, Mr. Liu worked at served as the project manager with
Xiangtian Kelitai Air Power Mechanical Co., Ltd.  
  Xiping Zheng  has served as the manager of the
manufacturing department of Sanhe since June 5, 2014. Mr. Zheng has over 20
years  working experience in vehicle and large equipment repair and maintenance.
Between 1980 and 2010, Mr. Zheng worked at Hubei Xianning Hengguoqiao Loading
and Unloading Transportation Company where he was responsible for the repair and
maintenance of all kinds of vehicles, and also provides technical guidance and
supervision. Mr. Zheng jointed Luck Sky Holdings (Group) Co., in 2011 and he was
responsible the assembly of the engine workshop. In 2012, Mr. Zheng was promoted
to the manager of the workshop.  
 58 

Tianyu Ma  has served as an Engineer at Sanhe s
technology department since June 5, 2014. From 2010 through June 5, Mr. Ma
worked at LuckSky as the vice director of the technology department. Mr. Ma has
over 10 years  experience in machine designing and manufacturing, with a
particular focus on aerodynamic research and development. Mr. Ma is a
mechatronics assistant engineer and senior electrician.  
  Xiaoqing Zhou  has served as the manager of Sanhe s sales
department since joining Sanhe on June 5, 2014. Mr. Zhou has over 25-year
experience in sales and marketing. In 1990, Mr. Zhou started working for Fuyang
City Chamber of Commerce Office and also served as the sales manager of a
materials company that is a subsidiary of Fuyang City Chamber of Commerce
Office. 2009-2013 worked as business manager in Fuyang City Zhongying Equity
Investment Management Co., Ltd)  
  Chunying Shi  has served as the manager of Sanhe s
accounting department since joining Sanhe on June 5, 2014. Between January 2009
and May 2013, she served as the general manager of the accounting department of
Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Limited Liability Company, where she managed the
company s overall financial activities. Ms. Shi has over 15 years  experience in
accounting area with a particular focus on industrial accounting area and 10
years  experience in managing accounting department. Ms. Shi graduated from
Inner Mongolia Finance and Economics College. She is a certified accountant and
assets appraiser.  
  Xudong Wang  has served as the manager of the procurement
department of Sanhe since June 5, 2014. Mr. Wang has served as the marketing
manager with Beijing Kanghengde Technology Co., Ltd. from 2013 until he joined
Sanhe. Between 2011 and 2013, Mr. Wang served as the manager of the marketing
department of Beijing Kang Heng De Technology Co., Ltd., where he was
responsible for the business negotiation of the procurement projects and he was
also responsible for the establishment for the company s local store in Beijing.
Between 2008 and 2011, Mr. Wang served as the manager of the North China area at
Beijing Zhi Ming De Biological Co., Ltd., where he was responsible for market
developing and managing, establishing sales channel, drafting relevant company
policies related to the sale channels, strategizing the marketing plan and also
recruiting, training and managing distributors. Mr. Wang graduated from Hebei
Baoding Teachers College and obtained a bachelor degree in mathematics
education. 
 No agreements or arrangements were entered into by us in
connection with the appointment of the foregoing persons as our officers and
directors. None of such persons has previously entered into any transaction with
us.  
 59 

Family relationships   
 Zhou Deng Hua is Zhou Jian s uncle.  
  Involvement in certain legal proceedings   
 None of our directors, executive officers, or control persons
has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business
      of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
      the time of bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;    

Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
      to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
      minor offenses);    

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not
      subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
      jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or
      otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
      banking activities; or    

Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a
      civil violation), the SEC or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to
      have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the
      judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.
    
  Board comments   
 We are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol  GOAS. 
The OTCQB does not have any requirements for establishing any committees. For
this reason, we have not established any committees. All functions of an audit
committee, nominating committee and compensation committee are and have been
performed by our Board of Directors. 
 Our Board of Directors believes that, considering our size,
decisions relating to director nominations can be made on a case-by-case basis
by all members of the Board of Directors without the formality of a nominating
committee or a nominating committee charter. To date, we have not engaged third
parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees,
although we reserve the right to do so in the future. 
 The Board of Directors does not have an express policy with
regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by
shareholders since the Board of Directors believes that it can adequately
evaluate any such nominees on a case-by-case basis; however, the Board of
Directors will evaluate shareholder-recommended candidates under the same
criteria as internally generated candidates. Although the Board of Directors
does not currently have any formal minimum criteria for nominees, substantial relevant business and industry experience
would generally be considered important, as would the ability to attend and
prepare for board, committee and shareholder meetings. Any candidate must state
in advance his or her willingness and interest in serving on the board of
directors. 
 60 

Compliance with section 16(A) of the SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934  
 Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10%
of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial
statements of beneficial ownership on Form 3, reports of changes in ownership on
Form 4 and annual reports concerning their ownership on Form 5. Executive
officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the SEC
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. 
  Code of ethics   
 We adopted a Code of Ethics pursuant to Section 406 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our Standards of Business Conduct and Finance Code
of Professional Conduct apply to our officers, directors and all employees. Our
Standard of Business Conduct provides guidelines to employees to report any
suspected or known violations of the Finance Code of Professional Conduct, the
Standards of Business Conduct, or other Company policies. Under the Code of
Ethics and Standards of Business Conduct, all employees will: 

Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or
      apparent conflicts of interest in their personal and professional
      relationships.    

Provide shareholders with information that is accurate,
      complete, objective, fair, relevant, timely, and understandable, including
      information in our filings with and other submissions to the U.S.
      Securities and Exchange Commission and other public bodies.    

Comply with rules and regulations of federal, state,
      provincial and local governments, and of other appropriate private and
      public regulatory agencies.    

Action in good faith, responsibly, with due care,
      competence, and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts or
      allowing one s independent judgment to be subordinated.    

Respect the confidentiality of information acquired in
      the course of one s work except when authorized or otherwise legally
      obligated to disclose.    

Not use confidential information acquired in the course
      of one s work for personal advantage.     
 61 

Share knowledge and maintain professional skills
      importance and relevancy to shareholders  needs.    

Proactively promote and be an example of ethical behavior
      as a responsible individual among peers, in the working environment and
      the community.    

Exercise responsible use, control, and stewardship over
      all Company assets and resources that are employed by or entrusted to us.

Not coerce, manipulate, mislead, or unduly influence any
      authorized audit or interfere with any auditor engaged in the performance
      of an internal or independent audit of Company s system of internal
      controls, financial statements, or accounting books and records.
      
 This Finance Code of Professional Conduct embodies principles
which we are expected to adhere to and advocate. These principles of ethical
business conduct encompass rules regarding both individual and peer
responsibilities, as well as responsibilities to the Company s shareholders and
the public. The CEO, CFO, and all employees are expected to abide by this Code.
Any violations of the Finance Code of Professional Conduct may result in
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 
  ITEM 11. Executive Compensation  
  COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   
   Background and Compensation Philosophy    
 Our Compensation Committee consists of Zhou Jian. The
Compensation Committee does not have any independent directors as our Board of
Directors has no independent directors. Mr. Zhou is our largest shareholder.
 
 The Compensation Committee determines the compensation to be
paid to our executive officers and the compensation payable to the key employees
of Sanhe, our operating subsidiary based on our financial and operating
performance and prospects. Each of the named officers will be measured by a
series of performance criteria by the Board of Directors, or the compensation
committee, on a yearly basis. Such criteria will be set forth based on certain
objective parameters such as job characteristics, required professionalism,
management skills, interpersonal skills, related experience, personal
performance and overall corporate performance.  
 Our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee have not
adopted or established a formal policy or procedure for determining the amount
of compensation paid to our executive officers. The Compensation Committee makes
an independent evaluation of appropriate compensation to key employees, with input from management. The
Compensation Committee has oversight of executive compensation plans, policies
and programs.  
 62 

Elements of Compensation    
 The Board of Directors' goal in determining compensation levels
is to adequately reward the efforts and achievements of executive officers for
the management of the Company. The Company has no pension plan, stock option
plan, non-equity incentive plan or deferred compensation arrangement. The
Company has not used a compensation consultant in any capacity  
 Our compensation program for our executive officers and all
other employees is designed such that it will not incentivize unnecessary
risk-taking. The base salary component of our compensation program is a fixed
amount and does not depend on performance. The Compensation Committee also has
authority to grant bonuses in the form of cash or equity. 
  Employment Agreements  
 None of the executive officers has an employment agreement with
the Company. In the absence of such employment agreements, the PRC Labor Laws
provide for employment related terms such as the term of employment, the
provision of labor-related insurance, termination for cause, termination on 30
days' notice and termination without notice and the labor-related benefits.  
  Elements of Compensation   
   Base Salary    
 We provide certain of our executive officers with a base
salary. To date, we have relied upon Zhou Deng Hua, our Chief Executive Officer,
also being a principal shareholder to align his interest in managing the Company
with the interest of shareholders. 
 The Board of Directors awarded Mr. Zhang, our General Counsel.,
compensation at the rate of 20,000 RMB per month commencing May 1, 2015.  
 Sanhe, our operating affiliate, does maintain employment
contracts with certain key employees. On June 5, 2014, Sanhe, entered into
one-year employment agreements with certain significant employees 1) Sha Yu, the
manager of the administration department, 2) Xiping Zheng, the manager of the
manufacturing, 3) Tianyu Ma, an engineer at the technology department, 4)
Xiaoqin Zhou, the manager of the sales department, 5) Chunyin Shi, the manager
of the accounting department 6) Xudong Wang, the manager of the procurement
department, and 7) Xiangdong Liu, the project manager. None of such key
employees earn base salaries of more than RMB 72,000 per year.  
 Under these agreements, either party may terminate the
employment agreement in accordance with the China Employment Law. Upon termination, the executive officer is generally entitled to
severance pay if allowed by the China Employment Law. Other than the salary and
necessary social benefits required by the government, which are defined in the
employment agreement, Sanhe does not provide other benefits to the officers and
employees at this time.  
 63 

Each major employee has also entered into a confidentiality and
non-compete agreement with Sanhe, pursuant to which each effective officer has
agreed to hold, both during and subsequent to the terms of his or her agreement,
in confidence and not to use, except in pursuance of his or her duties in
connection with employment, any of Sanhe s confidential information,
technological secrets, commercial secrets and know-how, to disclose to Sanhe all
inventions, designs and techniques resulting from work performed by them, to
assign Sanhe all right, title and interest in such inventions, designs and
techniques, not to perform services within two years after the termination of
the employment for any person or entity that engages in any business activity in
or similar to which Sanhe is then engaged or proposes to engage, and not to
solicit or encourage any employees of Sanhe to terminate employment with Sanhe
in order to engages in any business activity in or similar which Sanhe is then
engaged or proposes to engage.  
   Equity Incentives    
 In the future, we may adopt and establish more equity incentive
plans pursuant to which awards may be granted if our Committee determines that
it is in the best interests of our stockholders and the Company to do so.  
   Long Term Incentive Plans and Awards    
 We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide
compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual
grants or agreements regarding future payouts under non-stock price-based plans
have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or
consultant since our inception; accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock
price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered into or exercised
by any of the officers or directors or employees or consultants since we were
founded.  
   Option Grants in the Last Fiscal Year    
 We did not grant any options or stock appreciation rights to
our named executive officers or directors in the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016.  
   Retirement Benefits    
 Our executive officers are not presently entitled to
company-sponsored retirement benefits.  
   Perquisites    
 64 

We have not provided our executive officers with any material
perquisites and other personal benefits and, therefore, we do not view
perquisites as a significant or necessary element of our executive s
compensation.  
   Deferred Compensation    
 We do not provide our executives the opportunity to defer
receipt of annual compensation.  
  Compensation Committee Report   
 The Compensation Committee of the Company has reviewed and
discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by
Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K and, based on such review and discussions, the
Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016.    
 The Compensation Committee    
 Zhou Jian  
  Summary Compensation Table   
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us for
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2014, July 31, 2015 and July 31, 2016.for our
principal executive officers and directors. This information includes the dollar
value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and
certain other compensation, if any. The compensation discussed addresses all
compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers.

65 

(1)    
     
       Prior to April 30, 2016, Zhou Deng Hua was Vice General
      Manager.    
   
      (2)    
     
       Prior to April 30, 2016, Zhiqi Zhang was CEO and Acting
      CFO.    
   
      (3)    
     
       Mr. Phillips received no compensation for his duties as
      Acting Chief Financial Officer or Chief Operating Officer during the
      fiscal year ended July 31 2014. He was appointed Acting Chief Financial
      Officer on July 29, 2014 and resigned from all positions on March 29,
      2015. Fiduciary Consultants, an entity in which Mr. Thomas is a principal,
      received $546,859 through June 22, 2014 from Bezalel International LLC
      (USA), a consulting firm that is not affiliated with the Company, for
      advisory services to LuckySky Group, an affiliate of the Company.
      
  Director Compensation   
 66 

The members of our board of directors are not compensated for
their services as directors. The board has not implemented a plan to award
options to any director. There are no contractual arrangements with any member
of the board of directors. We have no director's service contracts. 
  INDEBTEDNESS OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR OFFICERS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND OTHER MANAGEMENT   
 Our directors and executive officers or any associate or
affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is not or has been
indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit
or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 
  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS   
 Our bylaws provide for the indemnification of our present and
prior directors and officers or any person who may have served at our request as
a director or officer of another corporation in which we own shares of capital
stock or of which we are a creditor, against expenses actually and necessarily
incurred by them in connection with the defense of any actions, suits or
proceedings in which they, or any of them, are made parties, or a party, by
reason of being or having been director(s) or officer(s) of us or of such other
corporation, in the absence of negligence or misconduct in the performance of
their duties. This indemnification policy could result in substantial
expenditure by us, which we may be unable to recoup. 
 Insofar as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may be permitted to our directors, officers
and controlling persons pursuant to provisions of the Amended Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion
of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director,
officer or controlling person of us is in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person
in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion
of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by
us is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. 
 At the present time, there is no pending litigation or
proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of ours in
which indemnification would be required or permitted. We are not aware of any
threatened litigation or proceeding which may result in a claim for such
indemnification. 
 67 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 The following tables set forth information regarding beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of October 24, 2016 (i) by each person who is
known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each
of our officers and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as
a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and does not necessarily bear on the
economic incidents of ownership or the rights to transfer the shares described
below. Unless otherwise indicated each stockholder has sole voting power and
dispositive power with respect to the indicated shares.  

(1)  
     
       Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director
      and officer is c/o Lucky Sky International Investment Holdings Limited,
      Unit 602, Causeway Bay Common Bldg 1, Sugar Street, Causeway Bay, Hong
      Kong.   

(2)  
     
       Mr. Zhou disclaims beneficial ownership of 15,191,260
      shares owned by Zhou Deng Rong, his father.   

(3)  
     
       On September 23, 2013, the Company issued 60,000,000
      shares of restricted common stock at $0.001 per share to Mr.
  Roy Thomas Phillips, who was a consultant to the Company and then
served as the acting CFO of the Company beginning July 29, 2014. The shares were
subsequently transferred to Global Select Advisors Ltd., a company controlled by
Mr. Phillips. The shares were issued in contemplation of a secondary offering.
The Company s position is that these shares should be cancelled since no
secondary offering was consummated. Mr. Phillips advised the Company that he
would return 55,000,000 shares for cancellation and that he is evaluating the
5,000,000 shares to make an accommodation with respect to such shares, but has
made no specific request. The Company intends to take all steps necessary to
have the 60,000,000 shares cancelled.     
 68 

Change of control   
 There are currently no arrangements which would result in a
change in control of us. 
  ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence   
 On September 15, 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to
acquire HK Shares, a Hong Kong corporation, for 250,000,000 shares of common
stock of the Company. Prior to the acquisition, HK Shares was majority owned
(approximately 41%) by Mr. Zhou Deng Hua who is the brother of the former CEO of
the Company and a director of the Company. On September 23, 2013, the Company
issued 250,000,000 shares of common stock to the shareholders of HK Shares in
exchange for 250,000,000 shares of HK Shares subscribed at $0.001 per share for
a total amount of $250,000.At the completion of the acquisition, HK Shares was
merged into the Company.  
 HK Shares was formed in September 24, 2013 and issued
250,000,000 shares at $0.001 to 24 shareholders for a total of $250,000. On the
date of the merger acquisition HK Shares had no operations other than the
subscription receivable; and accordingly, the transaction was accounted for as
an acquisition from related party. The 24 shareholders paid the $250,000 to the
Company in October 2015.  
 69 

On May 30, 2014, the Company entered into the Stock Purchase
Agreement with Zhou Jian, the sole shareholder of Luck Sky HK, a Hong Kong
corporation, pursuant to which it purchased 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Luck Sky HK. The Company paid Zhou Jian a purchase
price in the amount of HKD $10,000.00 (approximately USD$1,289.98) in cash which
is equal to amount of its registered capital. Zhou Jian, a director of the
Company, is also the son of the former CEO of the Company, and a nephew of Mr.
Zhou Deng Hua (a director and shareholder of the Company), as a result, the
acquisition was accounted for as an acquisition from an entity under common
control and the asset was recorded at Luck Sky HK s historical cost.  
 On July 25, 2014, Luck Sky Shen Zhen obtained an exclusive,
worldwide, royalty free license from Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jian (his son) and
a second exclusive, worldwide royalty free license from LuckSky Group to an
aggregate of 48 Chinese patents and related know how and trade secrets,
including the technology underlying 13 patent applications (the  Technology ).
The Technology represents all of the patents, patent applications and related
know how and trade secrets owned by the licensors with respect to PV
installations and the air energy storage power generation technology as applied
to commercial and residential buildings, but not wind towers. On July 25, 2014,
Luck Sky Shen Zhen granted Sanhe an exclusive sublicense with respect to the use
of the Technology in China for commercial and residential buildings, but not for
other uses, including wind towers, vehicles and trains, which sublicense also
provides for a royalty payment to Luck Sky Shen Zhen equal of five percent of
Sanhe s revenues. As of July 31, 2015, Beijing XiangTian Huachuang Aerodynamic
Force Technology Research Institute Company ( XiangTian Huachuang ), which is
owned by Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong, .granted Luck Sky Shen Zhen an exclusive
worldwide license to four foreign patents that it had recently obtained.
XiangTian Huachuang obtained three patents in Japan and one patent in Australia
in March 2015.  
 Sanhe leases its principal office, factory and dormitory from
LuckSky Group in Sanhe City, Hebei Province. Zhou Jian, our General Manager and
Chairman of the Board. and Zhou Deng Rong own 70% and 30% of Lucksky Group,
respectively. The space in the office, factory and dormitory being leased are
1296, 5160 and 1200 square meters, respectively. The office and factory space
are leased for a rent of $113,492 (RMB 697,248) per year and the dormitory is
leased for a rent of $21,095 (RMB 129,600) per year. The leases expire in April
30, 2024 and are subject to renewal with a prior two-month written notice.
LuckSky Group is in the process of obtaining the land use approval and ownership
certificate of the leased building.  
 70 

On April 28, 2012, Zhou Jian obtained the right of usage of
44.3 acres agricultural land where our principal office, factory and dormitory
are located for 18 years and 8 months, starting May 1, 2012. The annual price
paid for such usage rights is $5,617 (RMB 34,510). On May 1, 2012, Zhou Jian
signed a commitment letter that allowed Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a
division of LuckSky Group to use this agricultural land. LuckSky Group
constructed the buildings on such agricultural land. In the event we are unable
to use our principal factory and office space as a result of this usage issue,
the lease provides that LuckSky Group will use every effort to complete and
perfect the ownership and usage rights, or provide Sanhe with equivalent space.
However, since the factory is in a development zone with other factories in the
area, we believe that the government planning may result in change in the
zoning.  
 Until August 1, 2015, Sanhe also leased a second factory and
office in Sanhe City from Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited, which is
owned by Zhou Deng Rong. A portion of this facility is currently used by Sanhe
to demonstrate its products but the facility is primarily intended as a backup
to the first facility in Sanhe City and/or for expansion. The factory and office
are 4,748.96 square meters. The rent paid by Sanhe for the factory and the
office is RMB1,306,500 per year. The lease provides that after 30 years, Sanhe
will obtain ownership of the property for no additional payment. . As of July
31, 2016 and 2015, the lease payables to Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Company
Limited were $246,060 and $262,996, respectively. On August 1, 2015, the two
parties terminated the finance lease. As the Company no longer needs the factory
and office, the assets were returned to the lessor effective August 1, 2015. 
 On July 25, 2014, prior to the Acquisition, Sanhe and LuckSky
Shen Zhen and Sanhe s shareholders entered into a series of VIE Agreements,
pursuant to which Sanhe became LuckSky Shen Zhen s contractually controlled
affiliate. The VIE Agreements include the Framework Agreement on Business
Cooperation, the Exclusive Management, Consulting and Training and Technical
Services Agreement, the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement,
the KnowHow Sub-License Agreement and the Power-of-Attorney. The purpose and
effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide LuckSky Shen Zhen (the Company s
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary) with all of the management and control of
Sanhe and all of its net income. While LuckSky Shen Zhen does not actually own
at present any of the equity and shares in Sanhe, the purpose and effect of the
VIE Agreements is to instill in LuckSky Shen Zhen total management and voting
control of Sanhe for all material purposes. The use of VIE agreements is a
common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain
industries in which foreign investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC
government.  
 On July 25, 2014, the Company entered into the Stock Purchase
Agreement with Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong, the owners of 97% and 3%,
respectively, of Sanhe. The Company agreed to issue to Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng
Rong 264,850,740 and 8,191,260 shares, respectively, of the Company s common
stock, representing 45.7% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
 
 On April 25, 2015, Sanhe entered into a loan agreement with
Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a division of LuckSky Group, which is owned
by Zhou Deng Rong, former CEO and Sanhe s former general manager and former
majority shareholder of the Company, with a total amount of $507,917 (RMB3,150,000). The loan is unsecured and matures on
December 31, 2015. If the loan is not fully repaid on the maturity date, Sanhe
will be entitled to receive an interest at 5% per annum. As of July 31, 2016 and
July 31, 2015, the outstanding principal on the loan was $0 and $32,208. On
November 27, 2015, the Company lent another short-term capital loan for $15,209
to Xiangtian Kelitai without a contract. The loan is unsecured and bears no
interest. This loan was repaid on March 8, 2016.  
 71 

Sanhe has been working on a construction project for Xiangtian
Kelitai Air Powered Machinery Co. Ltd. Yanojiao Branch office, where Sanhe was
promised to be reimbursed for the cost of the project. The accumulated cost on
the construction project was $579,671 as of July 31, 2015. As of July 31, 2016,
the project was completed and $811,197 of revenue and $730,141 of cost of sales
were recognized. 
 As of the
end of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, Zhou Jian has prepaid expenses for
Xiangtian HK in the total amount of $410,196, and Zhou Deng Rong has prepaid
expenses for the Company in the total amount of $627,129. There are no
agreements for such prepayments. As of the end of the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016, Zhou Jian has prepaid expenses for Xiangtian HK in the total amount of
$411,493. 
  Potential conflicts of interests   
 Save as disclosed below and under the section  Interested
Person Transactions , during the past three financial years: 

a)  
     
       None of our directors, executive officers or controlling
      shareholder or their affiliates has had any interest, direct or indirect,
      in any material transaction to which we are a party.   

b)  
     
       None of our directors, executive officers or controlling
      shareholder or their affiliates has had any interest, direct or indirect,
      in any company that carries the same business or similar trade which
      competes materially and directly with our existing business.   

c)  
     
       None of our directors, executive officers or controlling
      shareholder or their affiliates has had any interest, direct or indirect,
      in any enterprise or company that is our major customer or supplier of
      goods or services.   

d)  
     
       None of our directors, executive officers or controlling
      shareholder or their affiliates has had any interest, direct or indirect,
      in any material transaction we have undertaken within the last three
      years.    
  ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
 
 72 

In the above table, in accordance with the SEC s definitions
and rules, audit fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, the reviews of the financial
statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that are
normally provided by our independent auditors in connection with our statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 Audit related fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for
professional services rendered for assurance and related services that
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements that were not otherwise included in audit fees. 
 Tax fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional
services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These
services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance
and consultation in connection with various transactions and acquisitions. 
 All other fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for
products and services provided by our independent auditors and not otherwise
included in audit fees, audit related fees or tax fees. 
 73 

PART IV.   
  ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement   

(a)  
     
       Financial Statements    
 The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted
since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is
otherwise included. 

(b)  
     
       Exhibits     

Exhibit No.   
      Description    

2.1  
     
       Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 25, 2012 by and
      between Goa Sweet Tours Ltd. and Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.
      (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

2.2  
     
       Certificate of Ownership and Merger dated May 29, 2012
      (previously filed with Current Report on 8- K on May 29, 2012)    

2.3  
     
       Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 30, 2014 by and
      among the Registrant, Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Aerodynamic Electricity Limited
      and Zhou Jian (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on June 9,
      2014)    

2.4  
     
       Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by
      and among the Registrant, Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jian (previously filed
      with Current Report on 8-K on May 29, 2012)    

3.1  
     
       Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (previously
      filed with Form S-1 Registration Statement on September 18, 2009)

3.2  
     
       By-laws of the Registrant (previously filed with Form S-1
      Registration Statement on September 18, 2009)    

3.3  
     
       Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
      of the Registrant dated August 14, 2013 (previously filed with Current
      Report on 8-K on August 20, 2013)    

10.1  
     
       Framework Agreement on Business Cooperation dated July
      25, 2014 by and between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe (translated to
      English) (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)

10.2  
     
       Exclusive Option Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and
      among Luck Sky HK, Luck Sky Shen Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and Sanhe
      (translated to English) (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on
      August 4, 2014)     
 74 

10.3  
     
       Exclusive Management, Consulting and Training and
      Technical Service Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and between Luck Sky
      Shen Zhen and Sanhe (translated to English) (previously filed with Current
      Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.4  
     
       Equity Pledge Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and among
      Luck Sky Shen Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian, and Sanhe (translated to
      English) (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)

10.5  
     
       Know-How Sub-License Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and
      between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe (translated to English) (previously
      filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.6  
     
       Power-of-Attorney dated July 25, 2014 issued by Zhou Deng
      Rong and Zhou Jian to Luck Sky Shen Zhen (translated to English)
      (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.7  
     
       Licensing Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and among Zhou
      Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and Luck Sky Shen Zhen (translated to English)
      (previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.8  
     
       Licensing Agreement dated July 25, 2014 by and between
      LuckSky Group and Luck Sky Shen Zhen (translated to English) (previously
      filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.9  
     
       Project Transfer Agreement dated February 28, 2014 by and
      between Sanhe and Deyang Zhenlin Technology Co., Ltd. (translated to
      English) (previously filed with Current Report on 8- K on August 4, 2014)

10.10  
     
       Project Transfer Agreement dated April 18, 2014 by and
      between Sanhe and Bing Zhou Xin Tuo Natural Energy Electrical Engineering
      Limited (translated to English) (previously filed with Current Report on
      8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.11  
     
       Project Transfer Agreement dated April 25, 2014 by and
      between Sanhe and Xianning LuckSky Aerodynamic Electricity Ltd (translated
      to English) (previously filed with Current Report on 8- K on August 4,
      2014)    

10.12  
     
       Lease Agreements dated May 1, 2014 by and between Sanhe
      and LuckSky Group (translated to English) (previously filed with Current
      Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.13  
     
       Lease Agreement dated April 1, 2014 by and between Sanhe
      and Sanhe DongYi (translated to English) (previously filed with Current
      Report on 8-K on August 4, 2014)    

10.14  
     
       Consulting Agreement between Beijing Luck Sky Oriental
      Power Engineering LLC and Beize Finance Consultant International (USA) LLC
      dated May 2013(previously filed with Current Report on 8-K on August 4,
      2014)     
 75 

76 

XBRL Exhibit  101.INS  XBRL Instance
Document. 101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL  XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document.  101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document. 
 77 

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

XIANGTIAN (USA) AIR POWER   

CO., LTD.   

Date: October 29 , 2016  
     By: /s/  Zhiqi Deng Hua    

Name: Zhou Deng Hua   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

Acting Chief Financial Officer
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
  XIANGTIAN (USA) AIR POWER CO., LTD.  (Registrant) 

78 

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015  
 Table of Contents  
 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  Xiangtian
(USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and its Subsidiaries  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and its Subsidiaries as of July 31, 2016 and
2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income (loss), stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended July 31, 2016. Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. s
management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Xiangtian
(USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and Subsidiaries as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended July 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 We also have audited, inaccordance with the standards of the
Public Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co.,
Ltd and Subsidiaries  internal control over financial reporting as of July 31,
2016, based on criteria establish in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO), and our report dated October 24, 2016, expressed a disclaimer of
opinion.     
 Oakland Gardens, NY October 24, 2016 
 F-2  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  Xiangtian
(USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and its Subsidiaries  
 We were engaged to audit Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and
Subsidiaries  internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
 
 The management of Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. is unable
to provide a complete set of documentation of the company s internal control
designs and implementation. This scope limitation prevented us from performing
sufficient audit procedures to form an opinion on management's assessment of
internal control over financial reporting and an opinion on the effectiveness of
the company's internal control over financial reporting.  
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 Since the management of the Company was not able to provide a
complete set of documentation of the company s internal control policies and
procedures designed for implementation and we were unable to apply other
procedures to obtain sufficient evidence about the effectiveness of the
company s internal control over financial reporting, the scope of our work was
not sufficient to enable us to express, and we do not express, an opinion on
Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and Subsidiaries  internal control over
financial reporting.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity, and cash flows of Xiangtian
(USA) Air Power Co., Ltd and its Subsidiaries, and our report dated October 24,
2016, expressed an unqualified opinion.  
   
 Oakland Gardens, NY October 24, 2016  
 F-3

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   (Stated in US Dollars)   
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  
 F-4  

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)    (Stated in US
Dollars)   
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  
 F-5  

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   For the Period from
September 2, 2008 (Inception) through July 31, 2016   (Stated in US
Dollars)   
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  
 F-6  

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   (Stated in US Dollars)   
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  
 F-7  

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements   
  NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS   
 Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. (the  Company ) was
incorporated in the State of Delaware on September 2, 2008 as Goa Sweet Tours
Ltd. The Company was originally formed to provide personalized concierge tour
packages to tourists who visit the State of Goa, India. On April 17, 2012, the
Company entered into Share Purchase Agreements, by and among, Luck Sky
International Investment Holdings Limited ( Lucky Sky ), an entity owned and
controlled by Zhou Deng Rong, and certain of our former stockholders who owned,
in the aggregate, 7,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock (90% of the at
then outstanding shares). Luck Sky purchased all 7,200,000 shares for an
aggregate of $235,000. The sale was completed on May 15, 2012.  
 On May 1, 2012, the Company sold its Indian subsidiary, Goa
Excursion Private Limited ( Goa Excursion ), to IqbalBoga for a total value of
$10. Both the purchaser and the seller fully release, discharge, waive, and hold
harmless the subsidiary s debts and liabilities, including related party s
debts.  
 On May 25, 2012, the Company formed a corporation under the
laws of the State of Delaware called Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.
("Merger Sub") and on the same day, acquired one hundred shares of Merger Sub's
common stock for cash. As such, Merger Sub became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company.  

 Effective as of May 29, 2012, Merger Sub was merged with and
into the Company. As a result of the merger, the Company s name was changed to
 Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., Ltd. . Prior to the merger, Merger Sub had no
liabilities and nominal assets and, as a result of the merger, the separate
existence of the Merger Sub ceased. The Company was the surviving corporation in
the merger and, except for the name change provided for in the Agreement and
Plan of Merger, there was no change in the directors, officers, capital
structure or business of the Company.  
 On September 5, 2013, the Company entered into a business
combination by means of merger of LuckSky (Hong Kong) Shares Limited ( HK
Shares ), a Hong Kong corporation, for 250,000,000 shares of common stock of the
Company. As a result of the acquisition, HK Shares was merged into the Company.
 
 On May 30, 2014, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement and acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
of Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Aerodynamic Electricity Limited ( Luck Sky HK ), a Hong
Kong corporation. Luck Sky (Shen Zhen) Aerodynamic Electricity Limited ( Luck
Sky Shen Zhen ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the People
Republic of China ( PRC ), is a wholly owned subsidiary of Luck Sky HK. As a
result of the acquisition, Luck Sky HK became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company and Luck Sky Shen Zhen became an indirect subsidiary of the Company
through Luck Sky HK.  
 On July 25, 2014, Luck Sky (Shen Zhen) Aerodynamic Electricity
Limited ( Luck Sky Shen Zhen ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
People Republic of China ( PRC ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary; Sanhe
City Lucksky Electrical Engineering Co., Ltd. ( Sanhe ), a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the PRC; and Mr. Zhou Jian and Mr. Zhou Deng
Rong, the owners of 97% and 3%, respectively, of Sanhe; entered into a series of
agreements known as variable interest agreements (the  VIE Agreements ) pursuant
to which Sanhe became Luck Sky Shen Zhen s contractually controlled affiliate.
The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide Luck Sky Shen Zhen
(our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary) with all of the management, control and
net profits of Sanhe.  
 Simultaneously, the Company entered into a common stock
purchase agreement with Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong, the owners of 97% and 3%,
respectively, of Sanhe in consideration for the execution of the VIE Agreements
and the acquisition of Sanhe. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the
Company issued Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong 264,850,740 and 8,191,260 shares,
respectively, of our common stock, representing 51.4% of the our issued and
outstanding shares of common stock.  
  NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Basis of Presentation   

 The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America. This basis of accounting involves the application of
accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when
earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when incurred. The Company s
consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars.  
 F-8  

Reclassification   
 Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have
been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These
reclassifications had no effect on reported losses.  
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  Principle of Consolidation   
 The consolidated financial statements include the financial
statements of the Company, its subsidiaries, including the wholly-foreign owned
enterprise ("WOFE"), and VIEs for which the Company is deemed the primary
beneficiary. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.  
 The Company evaluates the need to consolidate its VIE in which
equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial
interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support.  
 The VIE agreement was not consummated until July 25, 2014,
however, the purpose and design of the establishment of VIE, Sanhe, was to be
consolidated under the Company through common control. ASC 810-10-25-38F states
that a reporting entity s involvement in the design of a VIE may indicate that
the reporting entity had the opportunity and the incentive to establish
arrangements that result in the reporting entity being the variable interest
holder with the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact
the VIE s economic performance. As both the Company and the acquired VIE, Sanhe,
are under the common control of Zhou Dengrong and Zhou Jian immediately before
and after the acquisition, this transaction was accounted for as a merger under
common control, using merger accounting as if the merger had been consummated at the beginning of the earliest period presented,
and no gain or loss was recognized. All the assets and liabilities of the VIE,
Sanhe, are recorded at carrying value. Hence, Sanhe was consolidated under the
Company since its inception due to the purpose and design of its establishment. 
 Details of the typical VIE structure of the Company's
significant VIEs, primarily domestic companies associated with the operations of
Sanhe, are set forth below:  

Framework Agreement on Business Cooperation, entered
      between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe, pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen
      and Sanhe have agreed to enter into a series of VIE agreements and to
      cooperate in all prospective of Sanhe s business operation and management.

Exclusive Management, Consulting and Training and
      Technical Service Agreement, entered between Luck Sky Shen Zhen and Sanhe,
      pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen has agreed to provide Sanhe with
      complete business support and technical support and related management,
      training and consulting services. In consideration for such services, Luck
      Sky Shen Zhen is entitled to receive an amount equal to 100% of Sanhe s
      net income.    

Exclusive Option Agreement, entered among Luck Sky HK,
      Luck Sky Shen Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and Sanhe, pursuant to which
      Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jian, the owners of Sanhe, have granted to Luck
      Sky Shen Zhen and Luck Sky HK the irrevocable right and option to acquire
      all of their equity interests in Sanhe.    

Equity Pledge Agreement, entered among Luck Sky Shen
      Zhen, Zhou Deng Rong, Zhou Jian, and Sanhe, pursuant to which Zhou Deng
      Rong and Zhou Jian, the owners of Sanhe, have pledged all of their rights,
      titles and interests in Sanhe to Luck Sky Shen Zhen to guarantee Sanhe s
      performance of its obligations under all the other VIE Agreements.

Know-How Sub-License Agreement, entered between Luck Sky
      Shen Zhen and Sanhe, pursuant to which Luck Sky Shen Zhen has granted
      Sanhe an exclusive right to use and develop a series of aerodynamics
      related patents and technologies with respect to electrical generation for
      commercial and residential structures, not including automobile and wind
      towers. Luck Sky Shen Zhen possesses the rights licensed under this
      agreement through two license agreements dated July 25, 2014 with Zhou
      Deng Rong, Zhou Jian and Lucksky Group, the owners of the aforesaid
      patents and technologies. For the sublicense contemplated under this
      Agreement, Sanhe will pay Luck Sky Shen Zhen an annual royalty fee of five
      percent of revenue; and     
 F-9  

Power of Attorney. Pursuant to a power of attorney, each
      of the Sanhe stockholders agreed to irrevocably entrust Luck Sky Shen Zhen
      with his stockholder voting rights and other stockholder rights for
      representing him to exercise such rights at the stockholders  meeting of
      Sanhe in accordance with applicable laws and its Article of Association,
      including, but not limited to, the right to sell or transfer all or any of
      his equity interest in Sanhe, and appoint and vote for the directors and
      Chairman of Sanhe as the authorized representative of the Sanhe
      stockholders. The term of each proxy and voting agreement is as long as
      each of the Sanhe stockholders is a shareholder of Sanhe and is binding on
      any transferee.     
 Under the contractual arrangements with the VIEs, the Company
has the power to direct activities of the VIEs and can have assets transferred
out of the VIE under its control.  
 Therefore, the Company considers that there is no asset in any
of the consolidated VIE that can be used only to settle obligations of the VIE,
except for registered capital and PRC statutory reserves. As all consolidated
VIEs are incorporated as limited liability companies under the PRC Company Law,
creditors of the VIE do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company
for any of the liabilities of the consolidated VIE.  
 The Company s total assets and liabilities presented in the
consolidated financial statements represent substantially all of total assets
and liabilities of the VIE because the other entities in the consolidation are
non-operating holding entities with nominal assets and liabilities.  
 The following financial statement amounts and balances of the
VIE, which is established on August 6, 2014, were included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2016 and 2015and for the years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively:  

Financial Instrument   
 The carrying amount reported in the balance sheet for cash,
accounts receivable, inventory, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued
liabilities and other payables approximate fair value because of the immediate
or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.  
  Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,
 Fair Value Measurements , for fair value measurements of financial assets and
financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that
are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements. ASC 820
also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements.  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value
measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at
fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in
which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants
would use when pricing the asset or liability.  
 ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an
entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to
measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted
      prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
          
 F-10  

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include
      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
      inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or
      indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are
      unobservable and significant to the fair value.     
 There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of July 31,
2016 and 2015.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
 
  Accounts Receivable   
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amount management expects
to collect from outstanding balances. Management provides for probable
uncollected amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance
for bad debts based on its assessment of the current status of individual
accounts. Balances that are still outstanding after management has used
reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the allowance
for bad debts and a credit to accounts receivable.  
  Inventory   
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
principally determined using the weighted average basis. Construction costs
incurred on contracts are included in inventories which consist of raw
materials, accessory parts, and contracts work in progress.  
  Property and equipment   
 Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses. Gains or losses on dispositions of property
and equipment are included in operating income (loss). Major additions, renewals
and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed as
incurred.  
 Depreciation and amortization are provided over the estimated
useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method from the time the
assets are placed in service. Estimated useful lives are as follows, taking into
account the assets' estimated residual value:  

Classification  
     Estimated useful life   
   
     Machinery equipment  
     5-10 years   
   
     Computer and office equipment  
     3 years   
   
     Vehicle  
     5 years   
   
     Property under capital lease  
     20 years    
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   
 The Company accounts for impairment of plant and equipment and
amortizable intangible assets in accordance with the standard,  Accounting for
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of, 
codified with ASC 360, which requires the Group to evaluate a long-lived asset
for recoverability when there is event or circumstance that indicate the
carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
recognized when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group is not
recoverable (when carrying amount exceeds the gross, undiscounted cash flows
from use and disposition) and is measured as the excess of the carrying amount
over the asset s (or asset group s) fair value.  
  Revenue Recognition   
 Sales of power generation system in conjunction of system
installation are recognized under accounting for construction-type contracts,
based on the nature of the contract using the 
 Completed-Contract Method. 
 The reason for selecting completed-contract method is (a) The
Company s contract is duration is less than one year and financial position and
results of operations would not vary materially from those resulting from use of
the percentage-of completion method. (b) Reasonably dependable estimate cannot
be made due to nature of contracts. Accordingly, revenue is recognized upon the
completion of the construction, provided persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, title and risk of loss has transferred, the fee is fixed and
determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We provide for any loss that
we expect to incur on these contracts when that loss is probable.  
 Percentage-of Completion Method  
 For contracts with long duration and it is practical to
make reasonable estimate, percentage-of completion method is used. Revenue is
recognized based on the percentage of total income. The percentage is based on
incurred costs to date bearing to estimate total cost after giving effect to
estimates of cost to complete based on most recent information. We provide for
any loss that we expect to incur on these contracts when that loss is probable.
 
 For the year ended July 31, 2016, percentage-of completion
method is used for one contract which was not completed as of July 31, 2016. The
gross revenue recognized under percentage-of completion method and
completed-contract method are $874,510 and $9,997,255, respectively for the year
ended July 31, 2016. For the year ended July 31, 2015, completed-contract method
was used for all contracts. The gross revenue recognized under percentage-of
completion method and completed-contract method are $0 and $20,829,309,
respectively for the year ended July 31, 2015.  
 F-11  

Warranty and Returns   
 The Company generally provides limited warranties for work
performed under its contracts. The warranty periods typically extend for a
limited duration following substantial completion of the Company's work on a
project. At the time a sale is recognized, we record estimated future warranty
costs. Such estimated costs for warranties are included in the individual
project cost estimates for purposes of accounting for long-term contracts.
Generally, the estimated claim rates of warranty are based on actual warranty
experience or Company s best estimate.  
 No right of return exists on sales of equipment. Replacement
part returns are estimable and accrued at the time a sale is recognized.  
  Value added taxes   
 The Company is subject to VAT at a rate of 17% on proceeds
received from customers, and are entitled to a refund for VAT already paid or
borne on the goods purchased by it that have generated the gross sales proceeds.
The VAT balance is recorded in other payables on the balance sheets.  
  Income Taxes   
 The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and
liability approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred
tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future
years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A
valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely
than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize
their benefits, or that future deductibility is uncertain.  
 Under ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only
if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a
tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The evaluation
of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is to determine whether
it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon
examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigations
based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a
tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the
amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position
is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously
failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be
recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met.
Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not
criteria should be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting
period in which the threshold is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred
related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in
the year incurred. No significant penalties or interest relating to income taxes
have been incurred during the period from July 8, 2013 (inception) to December
31, 2013. US GAAP also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures and
transition.  
  Segment Information   
 The standard,  Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information,  codified with ASC 280, requires certain financial and
supplementary information to be disclosed on an annual and interim basis for
each reportable segment of an enterprise. The Company believes that it operates
in one business segment (research, development, production, marketing and sales)
and in one geographical segment (China), as all of the Company s current
operations are carried out in China.  
  Comprehensive Loss   
 The Company follows the provisions of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 220
 Reporting Comprehensive Income , and establishes standards for the reporting
and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances in
a full set of general purpose financial statements.  
  Foreign Currency Translation   
 The Company s functional currency is Chinese Renminbi ( RMB )
  as substantially all of the Company s PRC subsidiaries  operations use this
  denomination. The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S.
  dollars. Foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities are translated into
  their United States dollar equivalents using foreign exchange rates which
  prevailed at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are
  translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date. Revenues
  and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange during the year. Gains
  or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in results
of operations.  
 F-12  

For the purpose of presenting these financial statements of
subsidiaries in PRC, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in US$
at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which is 6.6371 and 6.2097 as of
July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively; stockholder s equity accounts are
translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at
the weighted average exchange rate during the period, which is 6.4798
and 6.1884 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The resulting
translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive
income in the stockholder s equity section of the balance sheets.  
 For the purpose of presenting these financial statements of the
subsidiary in Hong Kong, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in
US$ at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which is 7.7588 and 7.7514 as
of July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively; stockholder s equity accounts are
translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at
the weighted average exchange rate during the period, which is 7.7595
and 7.7536 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The resulting
translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive
income in the stockholder s equity section of the balance sheets.  
  Earnings (Loss) per Share   
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period, excluding the effects of any potentially dilutive
securities. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all dilutive potential of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period including stock options or
warrants, using the treasury stock method (by using the average stock price for
the period to determine the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the
exercise of stock options or warrants), and convertible debt or convertible
preferred stock, using the if-converted method. Earnings per share excludes all
potential dilutive shares of common stock if their effect is anti-dilutive.
There were no potential dilutive securities at July 31, 2016 and 2015.  
  Related Parties   
 A party is considered to be related to the Company if the party
directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with the Company. Related parties also
include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the
immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and
other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can
significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an
extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
pursuing its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence
the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or if it has an
ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a
related party.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory, which modifies existing requirements regarding
measuring inventory at the lower of cost or market. Under existing standards,
the market amount requires consideration of replacement cost, net realizable
value (NRV), and NRV less an approximately normal profit margin. The new ASU
replaces market with NRV, defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal
and transportation. This eliminates the need to determine and consider
replacement cost or NRV less an approximately normal profit margin when
measuring inventory. The amendments are effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing this ASU s impacts
on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
 
 In February 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. The new consolidation
standard changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should
consolidate limited partnerships and similar entities, (b) fees paid to a
decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a VIE, and (c)
variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting enterprise
require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. The guidance is
effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed, including
early adoption in an interim period. A reporting entity may apply a modified
retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as
of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption or may apply the amendments
retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption
of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  
 F-13  

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements  Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40). This standard is intended to define management s responsibility to
evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The
amendments contained in this ASU apply to all companies and not-for-profit
organizations. The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after
December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing this ASU s impact
on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
 
 The Company believes that there were no other accounting
standards recently issued that had or are expected to have a material impact on
our financial position or results of operations.  
  NOTE 3   ACQUISITIONS   
  Acquisition of Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Shares Limited ( HK
Shares )   
 On September 15, 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to
acquire HK Shares, a Hong Kong corporation, for 250,000,000 shares of common
stock of the Company. Prior to the acquisition, HK Shares was majority owned
(approximately 41%) by Mr. Zhou Deng Hua who is the brother of the former CEO of
the Company and a director of the Company. On September 23, 2013, the Company
issued 250,000,000 shares of common stock to the shareholders of HK Shares in
exchange for 250,000,000 shares of HK Shares subscribed at $0.001 per share for
a total amount of $250,000. At the completion of the acquisition, HK Shares was
merged into the Company.  
 HK Shares was formed in September 24, 2013 and issued
250,000,000 shares at $0.001 to 24 shareholders for a total of $250,000. The
shares subscribed were paid up on October 23, 2015. On the date of the merger
acquisition HK Shares had no operations other than the subscription receivable;
and accordingly, the transaction was accounted for as an acquisition from
related party.  
 The Company valued the 250,000,000 shares of common stock
issued at $250,000 as there was no market for the Company s common stock and it
has limited or no trading; and there is thought to be minimal value in the
Company at the time, therefore the par value is thought to match the assumed
market price of the Company s common stock which is at $0.001 per share.  
  Acquisition of Luck Sky (Hong Kong) Aerodynamic Electricity
Limited ( Luck Sky   HK )   
 In order to comply with the PRC laws, rules and regulations
that restrict foreign ownership of PRC companies, the management of the Company
has made the following arrangement to go public in the United States of America
(the  Going Public Arrangement ).On May 30, 2014, the Company entered into the
Stock Purchase. 
 Agreement with Zhou Jian, the sole shareholder of Luck Sky HK,
a Hong Kong corporation, pursuant to which it purchased 100% of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of Luck Sky HK. The Company paid Zhou Jian a
purchase price in the amount of HKD $10,000.00 (approximately USD$1,289.98) in
cash which is equal to amount of its registered capital. Zhou Jian, a director
of the Company, is also the son of the former CEO of the Company, and a nephew
of Mr. Zhou Deng Hua (a director and shareholder of the Company), as a result,
the acquisition was accounted for as an acquisition from an entity under common
control and the asset was recorded at Luck Sky HK s historical cost.  
 Luck Sky HK and Luck Sky Shen Zhen, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Luck Sky HK, had no operating business, no liabilities and nominal assets as
of the date of the acquisition. As a result of the acquisition, Luck Sky HK
became our wholly owned subsidiary and Luck Sky Shen Zhen became our indirect
subsidiary through Luck Sky HK.  
 F-14  

Acquisition of Sanhe City Lucksky Electrical Engineering
Co., Ltd. ( Sanhe )   
 As part of the Going Public Arrangement, on July 25, 2014, Luck
Sky Shen Zhen, the Company s indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, Sanhe City
Lucksky Electrical Engineering Co., Ltd. ( Sanhe ), a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the PRC; Mr. Zhou Jian and Mr. Zhou Deng Rong, the owners of
97% and 3%, respectively, of Sanhe; entered into a series of agreements known as
VIE Agreements pursuant to which Sanhe became Luck Sky Shen Zhen s affiliate
through contractual control. The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to
provide Luck Sky Shen Zhen with all of the management, control and net profits
of Sanhe.  
 Simultaneously, the Company entered into a common stock
purchase agreement with Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong, the owners of 97% and 3%,
respectively, of Sanhe, in consideration for the execution of the VIE Agreements
and the acquisition of Sanhe. Pursuant to such common stock purchase agreement,
the Company issued Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong 264,850,740 and 8,191,260
shares, respectively, of our common stock, representing a total of 46.2% of the
our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.  
  NOTE 4   INVENTORIES   
 Inventories consist of the following:  
  
  NOTE 5 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property, plant and equipment consist of the following:  
 
 Total depreciation expenses for the years ended July 31, 2016
and 2015 were $266,773 and $414,623, respectively. Depreciation relating to
Contract work in progress for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 were
$201,666 and $252,473, respectively, and depreciation relating to general and
administrative expenses for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 were $65,107
and $162,150, respectively.  
 On August 1, 2015, the Company terminated the finance leasing
with Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited. The factory and office were
returned to the lessor. The assets were no longer recorded as fixed assets,
which lead to the decrease of Property, plant and equipment. The Company
recognized $128,379 gain due to this termination.  
 F-15  

NOTE 6   BILLINGS IN EXCESS OF COSTS   
 Billings in excess of costs consist of the following:  
 
  NOTE 7 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   
 Since inception, Sanhe rented an office from Sanhe Dong Yi
Glass Machine Company Limited ( Sanhe Dong Yi ), a Company owned by Zhou Deng
Rong, our former general manager and former majority shareholder of the Company.
The rental period was from June 15, 2013 to June 14, 2014, and the full rent
amount of $3,965 (RMB 12,000) was paid in advance. The Company also paid $1,487
(RMB 9,000) to Sanhe Dong Yi to purchase several articles of furniture and
computer equipment for its operation purpose in September 2014.  
 On July 25, 2014, Luck Sky Shen Zhen obtained an exclusive,
worldwide, royalty free license from Zhou Deng Rong and Zhou Jian (his son) and
a second exclusive, worldwide royalty free license from LuckSky Group to an
aggregate of 48 Chinese patents and related know how and trade secrets,
including the technology underlying 13 patent applications (the  Technology ).
The Technology represents all of the patents, patent applications and related
know how and trade secrets owned by the licensors with respect to PV
installations and the air energy storage power generation technology as applied
to commercial and residential buildings, but not wind towers. On July 25, 2014,
Luck Sky Shen Zhen granted Sanhe an exclusive sublicense with respect to the use
of the Technology for commercial and residential buildings, but not for other
uses, including wind towers, vehicles and trains, which sublicense also provides
for a royalty payment to Luck Sky Shen Zhen equal of five percent of Sanhe s
revenues.  
 Sanhe leases its principal office, factory and dormitory from
LuckSky Group in Sanhe City, Hebei Province. LuckSky Group is owned by Zhou Deng
Rong, our former CEO and Zhou Jian, our General Manager and Chairman of the
Board. The space in the office, factory and dormitory being leased are 1296,
5160 and 1200 square meters, respectively. The office and factory space are
leased for a rent of $105,053 (RMB 697,248) per year and the dormitory is leased
for a rent of $19,527 (RMB 129,600) per year. The leases expire in April 30,
2024 and are subject to renewal with a prior two-month written notice. LuckSky
Group is in the process of obtaining the land use approval and ownership
certificate of the leased building.  
 F-16  

On April 28, 2012, Zhou Jian obtained the right of usage of
44.3 acres agricultural land where our principal office, factory and dormitory
are located for 18 years and 8 months, starting May 1, 2012. The annual price
paid for such usage rights is $5,200 (RMB 34,510). On May 1, 2012, Zhou Jian
signed a commitment letter that allowed Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a
division of LuckSky Group to use this agricultural land. LuckSky Group
constructed the buildings on such agricultural land. In the event we are unable
to use our principal factory and office space as a result of this usage issue,
the lease provides that LuckSky Group will use every effort to complete and
perfect the ownership and usage rights, or provide Sanhe with equivalent space.
 
 On July 25, 2014, prior to the Acquisition, Sanhe and LuckSky
Shen Zhen and Sanhe s shareholders entered into a series of VIE Agreements,
pursuant to which Sanhe became LuckSky Shen Zhen s contractually controlled
affiliate. The VIE Agreements include the Framework Agreement on Business
Cooperation, the Exclusive Management, Consulting and Training and Technical
Services Agreement, the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement,
the Know-How Sub-License Agreement and the Power-of-Attorney. The purpose and
effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide LuckSky Shen Zhen (the Company s
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary) with all of the management and control of
Sanhe and all of its net income. While LuckSky Shen Zhen does not actually own
at present any of the equity and shares in Sanhe, the purpose and effect of the
VIE Agreements is to instill in LuckSky Shen Zhen total management and voting
control of Sanhe for all material purposes. The use of VIE agreements is a
common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain
industries in which foreign investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC
government.  
 On July 25, 2014, the Company entered into the Stock Purchase
Agreement with Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong, the owners of 97% and 3%,
respectively, of Sanhe. The Company agreed to issue to Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng
Rong 264,850,740 and 8,191,260 shares, respectively, of the Company s common
stock, representing 51.4% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
 
  Construction Project   
 On April 25, 2014, Sanhe entered into a construction project
agreement with Xianning Lucksky Aerodynamic Electricity Ltd ( Xianning Lucksky ).
Prior to April 10, 2014, Xianning Lucksky was majorly (70%) owned by Zhou Deng
Rong, former majority shareholder and former CEO of the Company, and former
general manager of Sanhe; where he has significant influence over
Xianning Lucksky. As of July 31, 2016, the project was completed and $8,705,527
of revenue and $7,752,526 of cost of sales were recognized.  
  Due from related parties   
 On April 25, 2015, Sanhe entered into a loan agreement with
Xiangtian Kelitai, Yanjiao Branch, a division of LuckSky Group, which is owned by
Zhou Deng Rong, former CEO and Sanhe s former general manager and former
majority shareholder of the Company, with a total amount of $507,917
(RMB3,150,000). The loan is unsecured and matures on December 31, 2015. If the
loan is not fully repaid on the maturity date, Sanhe will be entitled to receive
an interest at 5% per annum. As of July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, the
outstanding principal on the loan was $0 and $32,208. On November 27, 2015, the
Company lent another short-term capital loan for $15,209 to Xiangtian Kelitai
without a contract. The loan is unsecured and bears no interest. This loan was
repaid on March 8, 2016.  
 Sanhe has been working on a construction project for
Xiangtian Kelitai where Sanhe was promised to be reimbursed for the cost of the
project. The accumulated cost on the construction project was $579,671 as of July 31, 2015. As of
July 31, 2016, the project was completed and $811,197 of revenue and $730,141 of
cost of sales were recognized.  
  Due to related parties.   
 Sanhe leases its principal office, factory and dormitory from
LuckSky Group in Sanhe City, Hebei Province. LuckSky Group is owned by Zhou Deng
Rong, our former CEO and Zhou Jian, our General Manager and Chairman of the
Board. The space in the office, factory and dormitory being leased are 1296,
5160 and 1200 square meters, respectively. The office and factory space are
leased for a rent of $105,053 (RMB 697,248) per year and the dormitory is leased
for a rent of $19,527 (RMB 129,600) per year. The leases expire in April 30,
2024 and are subject to renewal with a prior two-month written notice. LuckSky
Group is in the process of obtaining the land use approval and ownership
certificate of the leased building. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the lease
payables to LuckSky Group were $280,304 and $166,443, respectively.  
 Until August 1, 2015, Sanhe leased a second factory and office
in Sanhe City from Sanhe Dong Yi Glass Machine Company Limited, which is owned
by Zhou Deng Rong. A portion of this facility was used by Sanhe to demonstrate
its products but the facility was primarily intended as a backup to the first
facility in Sanhe City and/or for expansion. The factory and office are 4,748.96
square meters. The rent paid by Sanhe for the factory and the office was RMB1,
306,500 per year. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the lease payables to Sanhe Dong
Yi Glass Machine Company Limited were $246,060 and $262,996, respectively. On
August 1, 2015, the two parties terminated the finance lease. As the Company no
longer needs the factory and office, the assets were returned to the lessor
effective August 1, 2015.  
 From time to time, Mr. Zhou Deng Rong prepaid some expenses for
the company. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, amounts due to related parties were
as follows:  
 
  Due to Shareholders   
 F-17  

Since inception to April 2014, the Company s shareholder
has paid several employees  salaries on behalf of the Company. On June 30, 2016
the shareholder announced to abandon his claim. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the
amount due to shareholders was $0 and $18,954, respectively.  
  Due to Directors   
 From time to time, the Company receives advances from its
directors. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company received $414,876
and $417,770, respectively. The Company used the funds for its operations. These
advances are due on demand, unsecured and non-interest bearing.  
  NOTE 8 GOVERNMENT CONTRIBUTION PLAN   
 The Company participates in a government-mandated
multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain retirement,
medical and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor
regulations require the Company to pay to the local labor bureau a monthly
contribution at a stated contribution rate based on the monthly basic
compensation of qualified employees. The relevant local labor bureau is
responsible for meeting all retirement benefit obligations; the Company has no
further commitments beyond its monthly contribution.  
 The outstanding amount was $92,134 and $62,846 for the years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  NOTE 9. STATUTORY RESERVE   
 Pursuant to the laws applicable to the PRC, PRC entities must
make appropriations from after-tax profit to the non-distributable  statutory
surplus reserve fund . Subject to certain cumulative limits, the  statutory
surplus reserve fund  requires annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax profit
until the aggregated appropriations reach 50% of the registered capital (as
determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC ("PRC
GAAP") at each year-end). For foreign invested enterprises and joint ventures in
the PRC, annual appropriations should be made to the  reserve fund . For foreign
invested enterprises, the annual appropriation for the  reserve fund  cannot be
less than 10% of after-tax profits until the aggregated appropriations reach 50%
of the registered capital (as determined under PRC GAAP at each year-end). If
the Company has accumulated loss from prior periods, the Company is able to use
the current period net income after tax to offset against the accumulate loss.
 
 F-18  

NOTE 10 - CAPITAL STOCK AND EQUITY TRANSACTIONS   
  Common Stock   
 The total number of common shares authorized that may be issued
by the Company is 1,000,000,000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.
 
 During the period ended July 31, 2009, the Company issued
5,000,000 shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of $25,000 to the
Company s sole director and officer. During the year ended July 31, 2010, the
Company sold 3,000,000 shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of
$30,000.  
 On September 23, 2013, the Company issued 250,000,000 shares of
common stock to the shareholders of HK shares, in exchange of 250,000,000 shares
of HK shares.  
 On September 23, 2013, the Company issued a total of 67,000,000
shares of restricted common stock at $0.001 per share, such that 60,000,000
shares were issued to Mr. Roy Thomas Phillips, who was then a consultant to the
Company and later served as the acting CFO of the Company beginning July 29,
2014, and 7,000,000 shares were issued to two other non-related parties. The
shares were issued in contemplation of a secondary offering. The Company takes
the position that these shares should be cancelled since no secondary offering
was consummated. The Company is taking steps to have these shares canceled. The
Company valued the 67,000,000 shares of common stock issued at $67,000 as there
was no market for the Company s common stock and it has limited or no trading;
and there is thought to be minimal value in the Company at the time of issuance,
therefore the par value is thought to match the assumed market price of the
Company s common stock which is at $0.001 per share. On July 24, 2015, 7,000,000
shares issued to two other non-related parties were cancelled.  
 On July 25, 2014, we entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement
in connection with the acquisition of Sanhe with Zhou Jian and Zhou Deng Rong,
the owners of 97% and 3%, respectively, of Sanhe. We agreed to issue to Zhou
Jian and Zhou Deng Rong 264,850,740 and 8,191,260 shares, respectively, of our
common stock, representing 51.4% of the our issued and outstanding shares of
common stock.  
  Preferred Stock   
 The total number of preferred shares authorized that may be
issued by the Company is 100,000,000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per
share. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, from time to
time, with each series to have such designation, relative rights, preference or
limitations, as adopted by the Company s Board of Directors. No preferred shares
have been issued.  
  NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES   
  United States   
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The cumulative
tax effect at the expected rate of 34% of significant items comprising the net
deferred tax amount is at July 31, 2016 and 2015 as follows:  
 
 As of July 31, 2016, for U.S. federal income tax reporting
purposes, the Company has approximately $1,403,259 of unused net operating
losses ( NOLs ) available for carry forward to future years. The benefit from
the carry forward of such NOLs will begin expiring during the year ended July
31, 2029. Because United States tax laws limit the time during which NOL carry
forwards may be applied against future taxable income, the Company may be unable
to take full advantage of its NOLs for federal income tax purposes should the
Company generate taxable income. Further, the benefit from utilization of NOL
carry forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes
that could occur in the Company as it continues to raise additional capital.
Based on such limitations, the Company has significant NOLs for which
realization of tax benefits is uncertain.  
 F-19  

Hong Kong   
 The Company s subsidiaries established in HKSAR are subject to
Hong Kong Profits Tax. However, these subsidiaries did not earn any income
derived in Hong Kong from its date of incorporation to July 31, 2016, and
therefore were not subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax.  
  PRC   
 The Company s subsidiaries established in PRC are subject to
income tax rate of 25%.  

1)  
     
       Luck Sky Shenzhen    
 For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, Luck Sky Shenzhen
had $432,088 and $963,727 in net income before tax, respectively. Income tax
expense were$108,022and $239,383 income tax expenses were 2016 and
2015, respectively.  
 
 For the year ended July 31, 2016, Sanhe had $145,136 net loss
before tax. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The cumulative
tax effect at the expected rate of 25% of significant items comprising the net
deferred tax amount is at July 31, 2016 and 2015 as follows:  
 
 Significant components of income tax expense for the years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows  
 
 Reconciliation of Effective Income Tax Rate  
 
 F-20  

Reconciliation of Effective Income Tax Expense  
 
  NOTE 12. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES   
  Capital Commitments   
 The Company purchased property, plant and equipment which the
payment was due within one year. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has a
capital commitment of $9,247,569 and $17,697,627, respectively.  
  Operation Commitments   
 The total future minimum lease payments under the
non-cancellable operating lease with respect to the office and the dormitory as
of July 31, 2016 are payable as follows:  
 
 Rental expense of the Company for the year ended July 31, 2016
and 2015were $127,835 and $344,736, respectively.  
  Credit risk   
 Cash deposits with banks are held in financial institutions in
China, which are not federally insured deposit protection. Accordingly, the
Company has a concentration of credit risk related to these uninsured bank
deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and
believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk in this area.  
  Contingencies   
 On September 23, 2013, the Company issued 60,000,000 shares of
restricted common stock at $0.001 per share to Mr. Roy Thomas Phillips, who was
then a consultant to the Company and later served as the acting CFO of the Company
beginning July 29, 2014, and two other non-related parties, obtained a total of
7,000,000 shares of restricted common stock. The shares were issued in
contemplation of a secondary offering. The Company takes the position that these
shares should be cancelled since no secondary offering was consummated. The
Company is taking steps to have these shares canceled. The Company valued the
67,000,000 shares of common stock issued at $67,000 as there was no market for
the Company s common stock and it has limited or no trading; and there is
thought to be minimal value in the Company at the time of issuance, therefore
the par value is thought to match the assumed market price of the Company s
common stock which is at $0.001 per share. The issuance of these securities
could result in further dilution to the Company s stockholders which effects the
earnings (loss) per share amount of the Company. The Company might incur
additional expenses to have these shares canceled. On July 24, 2015, 7,000,000
shares issued to two other non-related parties were cancelled. For the year
ended July 31, 2016, the dilutive effect of not canceling the 60,000,000 shares
is incorporated in the consolidated financial statements as the Company recorded
such shares as issued and outstanding. The loss per share remained $0.00 with
the dilutive effect of not canceling such shares. If the shares are not
voluntarily returned for cancellation, the Company will need to commence
litigation in Delaware to obtain a judgment to cancel the shares for lack of
consideration. At this time, the Company is unable to estimate the cost such
litigation if it takes place.  
 F-21  

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., LTD: Exhibits 31 - Filed by
   newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2  
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427  
 I, Zhou Deng Hua, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xiangtian
(USA) Air Power Co., Ltd.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual
report; 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 
 a) All deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 
 Date: October 28, 2015 

s/ Zhou Deng Hua

Zhou Deng Hua   
   
     Principal Executive Officer   
   
     Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Xiangtian (USA) Air Power Co., LTD: Exhibit 32- Filed by newsfilecorp.com

Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2   
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   
  In connection with the Annual Report of Xiangtian (USA) Air
Power Co., Ltd. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
"Report"), I, Zhou Deng Hua, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.  
  Date: October 28, 2016  

/s/ Zhou Deng Hua

Zhou Deng Hua   
   
     Principal Executive Officer   
   
     Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 goas-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 goas-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 goas-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 goas-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 goas-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 goas-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

