<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1193311_0001193311-16-000051_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7660610</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151861</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>308067</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2517095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2909209</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1335226</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193311-16-000051.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101161720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193311-16-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001193311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				752967830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-100240
		FILM NUMBER:		161964975

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-486-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TXU ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193311-16-000051.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 c311-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

oed-20160930 Q3_Taxonomy2016

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.  20549 

____________________ 

FORM 10-Q 

[     ]   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 3  0  , 201  6 

OR   

[   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

____________________ 

Commission File Number 333-100240 

Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

____________________ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes                    No                   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes                  No ____  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer ____    Accelerated filer ____    Non-Accelerated filer                 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company___ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes___   No          

As of   November 1  , 201  6  ,    80.03%   of the outstanding membership interests in Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor) were directly held by Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC and indirectly by Energy Future Holdings Corp.,   19.75%   of the outstanding membership interests were held by Texas Transmission Investment LLC and   0.22%   of the outstanding membership interests were indirectly held by certain members of Oncor s management and board of directors.    None   of the membership interests are publicly traded. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

GLOSSARY   

2  

PART I  .     FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

5  

I  tem   1.   Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

5  

Condensed Statements of Con  solidated Income     Three   and   Nine   Months En  ded   September   3  0  , 201  6   and 201  5   

5  

Condensed Statements of Consolidated Comp  rehensive Income     Three     and   Nine   Months Ended   September   3  0  , 201  6   and 201  5   

5  

Condensed Statements   of Consolidated Cash Flows       Nine   Months Ended   September   3  0  , 201  6   and 201  5   

6  

Condensed C  onsolidated Balance Sheets       September   3  0  , 201  6   and December 31, 201  5   

7  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

8  

Item 2.         Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition     and Results of Operations   

28  

Item 3.           Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

41  

Item 4.           Controls and Procedures   

43  

PART II  .      OTHER INFORMATION   

44  

Item 1.           Legal Proceedings   

44  

Item 1A  .       Risk Factors   

44  

Item 2.           Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

44  

Item 3.           Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

44  

Item 4.         MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

44  

Item 5.           Other Information   

44  

Item 6.           Exhibits   

45  

SIGNATURE   

47  

Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC s   (Oncor)   annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are made available to the public, free of charge, on the   O  ncor website at http://www.oncor.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The information on Oncor s website   or available by hyperlink from the website   shall not be deemed a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this   quarterly   report on Form 10-  Q  .    The representations and warranties contained in any agreement that we have filed as an exhibit to this   quarterly   report on Form 10-Q or that we have or may publicly file in the future may contain representations and warranties made by and to the parties thereto as of specific dates.    Such   representation  s and   warrant  ies   may be subject to exceptions and qualifications contained in separate disclosure schedules, may represent the parties  risk allocation in the particular transaction,   or   may be qualified by materiality standards that differ from what may be viewed as material for securities law purposes. 

This Form 10-  Q   and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings of Oncor and its subsidiary occasionally make references to Oncor   (or  we,   our,   us  or  the company )   when describing actions, rights or obligations of its subsidiary.  These references reflect the fact that the subsidiary is consolidated with Oncor for financial reporting purposes.  However, these references should not be interpreted to imply that Oncor is actually undertaking the action or has the rights or obligations of its subsidiary or that the subsidiary company is undertaking an action or has the rights or obligations of its parent company or of any other affiliate. 

1   

GLOSSARY 

When the following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report, they have the meanings indicated below.  

201  5   Form 10-K  

Oncor s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201  5  

AMS  

advanced metering system  

Bondco  

Refers to Oncor Electric Delivery Transition Bond Company LLC, a wholly-owned consolidated bankruptcy-remote financing subsidiary of Oncor that issued securitization (transition) bonds to recover certain regulatory assets and other costs.  

Contributed EFH Debtors  

Certain Debtors that   were subsidiaries of EFH and   became subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH and emerged from Chapter 11 at the time of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  

Deed of Trust  

Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of May 15, 2008, made by Oncor to and for the benefit of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as collateral agent, as amended  

Debtors  

EFH Corp. and the majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries   at the time of the EFH Petition Date  , including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities  .       Prior to the   Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  , also included the TCEH Debtors.   

EECRF  

energy efficiency cost recovery factor  

EFCH  

Refers to Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. and   prior to   the   Reorganized TCEH Spin-  O  ff, the   parent of TCEH, and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context.  

EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings  

Refers to voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy   Code   filed in US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware on April 29, 2014 (EFH Petition Date) by EFH Corp. and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH.  The Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not parties to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  

EFH Corp.  

Refers to Energy Future Holdings Corp., a holding company, and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context.  Its major subsidiaries include Oncor and TCEH.  

EFH Debtors  

EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries that are Debtors in the   EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings  , excluding the TCEH Debtors     

EFH Petition Date  

April 29, 2014.    See EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings above.  

EFH Retirement Plan  

Refers to a defined benefit pension plan sponsored by EFH Corp.  , prior to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, and sponsored by Reorganized TCEH on and after that date  .          

EFIH  

Refers to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. and the direct parent of Oncor Holdings.  

ERCOT  

Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc., the independent system operator and the regional coordinator of various electricity systems within Texas  

ERISA  

Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended  

Fitch  

Fitch Ratings, Ltd. (a credit rating agency)  

GAAP  

generally accepted accounting principles   of the U.S.  

Investment LLC  

Refers to Oncor Management Investment LLC, a limited liability company and minority membership interest owner (approximately 0.22%) of Oncor, whose managing member is Oncor and whose Class B Interests are owned by certain members of the management team and independent directors of Oncor.  

IRS  

US Internal Revenue Service  

2   

LIBOR  

London Interbank Offered Rate, an interest rate at which banks can borrow funds, in marketable size, from other banks in the London interbank market  

Luminant  

Refers to subsidiaries of   Reorganized   TCEH   (which, prior to   the   Reorganized TCEH Spin-  O  ff were subsidiaries of TCEH)   engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation and wholesale energy sales and purchases as well as commodity risk management and trading activities, all largely in Texas.  

Moody s  

Moody s Investors Services, Inc. (a credit rating agency)  

Oncor  

Refers to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, a direct, majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings, and/or its wholly-owned consolidated bankruptcy-remote financing subsidiary, Bondco, depending on context.  

Oncor Holdings  

Refers to Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFIH and the direct majority owner (approximately 80.03%) of Oncor, and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context.  

Oncor   OPEB Plan  

Refers to a   plan sponsored by Oncor     that offers certain   postretirement   health care and life insurance benefits to eligible   Oncor retirees, certain eligible EFH Corp. retirees,   and their eligible dependents.  

Oncor Retirement Plan  

Refers to the defined benefit pension plan sponsored by Oncor.  

Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities  

Refers to Oncor Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Oncor.  

OPEB  

other postretirement employee benefits  

PUCT  

Public Utility Commission of Texas  

PURA  

Texas Public Utility Regulatory Act  

purchase accounting  

The purchase method of accounting for a business combination as prescribed by  GAAP, whereby the cost or  purchase price  of a business combination, including the amount paid for the equity and direct transaction costs, are allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities (including intangible assets) based upon their fair values.  The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.  

Reorganized TCEH  

TCEH Corp., and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context.  On   October 3, 2016  , the TCEH Debtors emerged from Chapter 11 and became subsidiaries of TCEH Corp.  Subsequent to the   Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  , TCEH Corp. continued substantially the same operations as TCEH.   

Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  

Refers to the completion of the TCEH Debtors  reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code and emergence from the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings effective October 3, 2016  

REP  

retail electric provider  

S P  

Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (a credit rating agency)  

SEC  

US Securities and Exchange Commission  

Sponsor Group  

Refers collectively to certain investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. L.P. (KKR), TPG Global, LLC (together with its affiliates, TPG) and GS Capital Partners, an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs   Co., that have an ownership interest in Texas Holdings.  

3   

TCEH  

Refers to Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFCH and, prior to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, the parent company of the TCEH Debtors (other than the Contributed EFH Debtors), depending on the context, that were engaged in electricity generation and wholesale and retail ener  g  y market activities, and whose  major subsidiaries included Luminant and TXU Energy  .  S  ubsequent to the   Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  , TCEH Corp. continued substantially the same operations as TCEH  .        

TCEH Debtors  

Refers to t  he subsidiaries of TCEH that were Debtors in the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings   (including Luminant and TXU Energy)   and the Contributed EFH Debtors  

TCOS  

transmission cost of service  

TCRF  

transmission cost recovery factor  

Texas Holdings  

Refers to Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, a limited partnership controlled by the Sponsor Group that owns substantially all of the common stock of EFH Corp.  

Texas Holdings Group  

Refers to Texas Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries other than the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities.  

Texas margin tax  

A privilege tax imposed on taxable entities chartered/organized or doing business in the State of Texas that, for accounting purposes, is reported as an income tax.    

Texas Transmission  

Refers to Texas Transmission Investment LLC, a limited liability company that owns a 19.75% equity interest in Oncor.    Texas Transmission is an entity indirectly owned by a private investment group led by OMERS Administration Corporation, acting through its infrastructure investment entity, Borealis Infrastructure Management Inc., and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, acting through its private equity and infrastructure arm, GIC Special Investments Pte Ltd.    Texas Transmission is not affiliated with EFH Corp., any of EFH Corp. s subsidiaries or any member of the Sponsor Group.  

TXU Energy  

Refers to TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH (and, prior to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, a direct subsidiary of TCEH) engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers.  TXU Energy is a REP in competitive areas of ERCOT.  

U  .  S  .  

United States of America  

4   

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME 

(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

5   

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

6   

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

7   

ONCOR   ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY   LLC 

NOTES TO   CONDENSED   CONSOLIDATED     FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S 

(Unaudited) 

1.    BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description of Business 

References in this report to  we,   our,   us  and  the company  are to Oncor and/or   Bondco,   its subsidiary as apparent in the context.  See  Glossary  for definition of terms and abbreviations. 

We are a regulated electricity transmission and distribution company principally engaged in providing delivery services to REPs     that   sell power in the north-central, eastern and western parts of Texas  .  T  he services to REPs included subsidiaries of TCEH through the date of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off and subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH after the date of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-  Off  .  Revenues from TCEH represented   24%   and   25%   of our total operating revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  We are a direct, majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings, which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFIH, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp.  EFH Corp. is a subsidiary of Texas Holdings, which is controlled by the Sponsor Group.  Oncor Holdings owns   80.03%   of our membership interests, Texas Transmission owns   19.75%   of our membership interests and certain members of our management team and board of directors indirectly own the remaining membership interests through Investment LLC.  We are managed as an integrated business; consequently, there are no separate reportable business segments. 

Our consolidated financial statements include our wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote financing subsidiary, Bondco, a   variable interest entity  .  This financing subsidiary was organized for the limited purpose of issuing certain transition bonds to recover generation-related regulatory asset stranded costs and other qualified costs under an order issued by   the PUCT in 2002.  Bondco issued an aggregate   $1.3   billion principal amount of transition bonds during 2003 and 2004.  The 2003 Series transition bonds matured and were     paid in full     in 2015   and t  he 2004 Series transition bonds     mature  d     and were paid in full   in May 2016  .  Final true-up proceedings   and refunds of over-collected transition charges   for the   t  ransition   b  onds are   being   conducted by   Oncor and   the PUCT during 2016 and are expected to have minimal or   no   net income impact. 

Various  ring-fencing  measures have been taken to enhance the separateness between the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities and the Texas Holdings Group and our credit quality.  These measures serve to mitigate our and Oncor Holdings  credit exposure to the Texas Holdings Group and to reduce the risk that our assets and liabilities or those of Oncor Holdings would be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Texas Holdings Group in connection with a bankruptcy of   one   or more of those entities, including the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings discussed below.  Such measures include, among other things: our sale of a   19.75%   equity interest to Texas Transmission in November 2008; maintenance of separate books and records for the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities; our board of directors being comprised of a majority of independent directors; and prohibitions on the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities providing credit support to, or receiving credit support from, any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  The assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are separate and distinct from those of the Texas Holdings Group, and none of the assets of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are available to satisfy the debt or contractual obligations of any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  We do not bear any liability for debt or contractual obligations of the Texas Holdings Group, and vice versa.  Accordingly, our operations are conducted, and our cash flows are managed, independently from the Texas Holdings Group. 

EFH Corp. Bankruptcy Proceedings 

On the EFH Petition Date,   the Debtors     commenced proceedings under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code.  The Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not parties to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  We believe the  ring-fencing  measures discussed above mitigate our potential exposure to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  See Note 2 for a discussion of the potential impacts of the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings on our financial statements. 

8   

Basis of Presentation 

These unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included in the 2015 Form 10-K.  In the opinion of Oncor management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and financial position have been   made  .  All intercompany items and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.        The results of operations for an interim period may not give a true indication of results for a full year due to seasonality.  All dollar amounts in the financial statements and tables in the notes are stated in millions of U  .  S  .   dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

Use of Estimates 

Preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reporting of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenue and expense, including fair value measurements.  In the event estimates and/or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. 

Reconcilable Tariffs 

The PUCT has designated certain tariffs (TCRF, EECRF surcharges, AMS surcharges and charges related to transition bonds) as reconcilable, which means the differences between amounts billed under these tariffs and the related incurred costs are deferred as either regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.  Accordingly, at prescribed intervals, future tariffs are adjusted to either repay regulatory liabilities or collect regulatory assets. 

Contingencies 

We evaluate and account for contingencies using the best information available.  A loss contingency is accrued and disclosed when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  If a range of probable loss is established, the minimum amount in the range is accrued, unless some other amount within the range appears to be a better estimate.  If the probable loss cannot be reasonably estimated, no accrual is recorded, but the loss contingency is disclosed to the effect that the probable loss cannot be reasonably estimated.  A loss contingency will be disclosed when it is reasonably possible that an asset has been impaired or a liability incurred.  If the likelihood that an impairment or incurrence is remote, the contingency is neither accrued nor disclosed.  Gain contingencies are recognized upon realization. 

Changes in Accounting Standards    

In February 2016, the F  inancial   A  ccounting   S  tandards   B  oard     (FASB)   issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-2 (ASU 2016-2),   Leases  .        ASU   2016-2   amends previous GAAP to require the   balance sheet   recognition of lease assets and liabilities for operating leases.    Oncor will be required to adopt ASU   2016-2   by January 1, 2019 and does not expect to early adopt.  Retrospective application to the 2017 and 2018 comparative periods presented will be required in the year of adoption.    We   continue to   evaluat  e   the impact of ASU   2016-2   on our financial statements.    

Since   May 2014, the FASB   has   issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers     along with   other supplemental guidance (together, Topic 606)  .    Topic 606   introduces new, increased requirements for disclosure of revenue in financial statements and   guidance that   are   intended to eliminate inconsistencies in   the recognition of   revenue.    O  n  cor will be required to adopt Topic 606     by January 1, 2018     and does not expect to early adopt.  We   continue to evaluate the impact   on   our   financial statements  .    At this time, t  he adoption is not expected to have a material effect on our reported results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

2.   E  FH BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS 

On the EFH Petition Date, EFH Corp. and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries   at the time  , including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH, commenced proceedings under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code.  The Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not parties to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  We believe the  ring-fencing   

9   

measures discussed above mitigate   our   potential exposure to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  See Note 1 and below for further information regarding the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings and the proposed change in control of our indirect majority owner in connection with such proceedings. 

The US Bankruptcy Code automatically enjoined, or stayed, us from judicial or administrative proceedings or filing of other actions against our affiliates or their property to recover, collect or secure our claims arising prior to the EFH Petition Date.  Following the EFH Petition Date, EFH Corp. received approval from the bankruptcy court to pay or otherwise honor certain prepetition obligations generally designed to stabilize its operations.  Included in the approval were the obligations owed to us representing our prepetition electricity delivery fees.  As of the EFH Petition Date, we estimated that   our   receivables from the Texas Holdings Group totaled approximately   $129   million.    As of September 30, 2016,   we   had   collected   $128   million of the prepetition amount.  We estimate any potential pre-tax loss resulting from the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings to   be immaterial.  A provision for uncollectible accounts from affiliates ha  d   not been established as of   September   30, 2016.    As discussed below, the New Plan of Reorganization (defined below) provided for a spin-off of the TCEH Debtors from EFH Corp.    As a result of this    s  pin-  o  ff, Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries, including Luminant and TXU Energy, ceased to be affiliates of ours as of October 3, 2016. 

The EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings continue to be a complex litigation matter and the full extent of potential impacts on us remain unknown.  We will continue to evaluate our affiliate transactions and contingencies throughout the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings to determine any risks and resulting impacts   on our     results of operations, financial statements and cash flows. 

See Note 10 for details of Oncor s related-party transactions with members of the Texas Holdings Group. 

Potential Change in Indirect Ownership of Oncor 

As part of the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings, the bankruptcy court confirmed the Debtors  Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization by order dated December 9, 2015.      In general, among other things, the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization provided for a series of transactions to be effected pursuant to a merger and purchase agreement (  Hunt   Merger and Purchase Agreement) with an investor group consisting of certain unsecured creditors of TCEH and an affiliate of Hunt Consolidated, Inc. (Hunt), as well as certain other investors   designated   by Hunt (collectively, the   Hunt   Investor Group), that would have led to a significant change in the indirect equity ownership of Oncor. 

The Debtors and certain creditors entered into a Plan Support Agreement (as amended, Plan Support Agreement) that provided for, among other things, their respective obligations to act and/or support Plans of Reorganization. On May 1, 2016, certain first lien creditors of TCEH delivered a written notice (Plan Support Termination Notice) to the Debtors and the other parties to the Plan Support Agreement notifying such parties of the occurrence of a Plan Support Termination Event (as defined in the Plan Support Agreement).  The delivery of the Plan Support Agreement Termination Notice caused the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization to become null and void.  

On May 1, 2016, following receipt of the Plan Support Termination Notice, EFH Corp. and EFIH delivered a written notice (Merger and Purchase Agreement Termination Notice) to the   Hunt   Investor Group notifying the   Hunt   Investor Group that EFH Corp. and EFIH terminated the   Hunt   Merger and Purchase Agreement. The termination of the   Hunt   Merger and Purchase Agreement also caused the automatic termination (without the necessity of further action) of (i) certain agreements defining the investment obligations of certain   Hunt   Investor Group members, and (ii)   a   letter agreement between Oncor and the   Hunt   Investor Group. 

Following the occurrence of the Plan Support Termination Event as described above, the Debtors filed a new joint Plan of Reorganization (New Plan of Reorganization) pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and a related disclosure statement with the bankruptcy court on May 1, 2016.  

In connection with the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization, EFH Corp. took the position that, unless the Hunt Investor Group had otherwise acquired, or entered into a definitive agreement with Texas Transmission for the acquisition of the equity interest in Oncor held by Texas Transmission at the consummation of the transactions,  

10   

certain of EFH Corp. s  rights contained in the Investor Rights Agreement (Investor Rights Agreement), dated November 2008 among Oncor and certain of its direct and indirect equity holders, including EFH Corp. and Texas Transmission, would require Texas Transmission to sell its equity interest in Oncor to the Hunt Investor Group. In this regard, in October 2015, EFH Corp. filed a complaint against Texas Transmission alleging breach of Texas Transmission s obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement for failing to agree to sell its equity interest in Oncor and, if found to be a valid drag right and a valid IPO Conversion (as defined in the Investor Rights Agreement), to cooperate with an IPO Conversion.   

The Hunt Investor Group intervened in the pending litigation.  On May 20, 2016, following the Plan Support Termination Notice, the bankruptcy court issued an order dismissing the action and related motions and retaining jurisdiction related to the interpretation and implementation of such order.  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of any subsequent litigation relating to the Investor Rights Agreement and the impact of such litigation, particularly in light of the transactions discussed below. 

The New Plan of Reorganization provides that the confirmation and effective date of the New Plan of Reorganization with respect to the TCEH Debtors may occur (and on October 3, 2016, it did occur) separate from, and independent of, the confirmation and effective date of the New Plan of Reorganization with respect to the EFH Debtors. The New Plan of Reorganization, subject to certain conditions and required regulatory approvals, provides for, among other things: 

with respect to the TCEH Debtors, either (a) a tax-free spin-off from EFH Corp., including a transaction that will result in a partial step-up in the tax basis of certain TCEH assets distributed to a newly formed entity wholly owned by TCEH, or (b) a taxable transaction that results in the assets of the TCEH Debtors being distributed to a newly formed entity wholly owned by Reorganized TCEH (TCEH Transactions), and     

with respect to the EFH Debtors, the reorganization of EFH Corp. and EFIH (Reorganized EFH) either pursuant to (a) an equity investment (which may be from existing creditors or third-party investors) or (b) pursuant to a standalone plan of reorganization, in which creditors receive shares of common stock of Reorganized EFH.     

Solely as it pertains to the TCEH Debtors, the disclosure statement was approved by the bankruptcy court.  The bankruptcy court confirmed the New Plan of Reorganization with respect to the TCEH Debtors on August 26, 2016, and it became effective by its terms, and the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off occurred   effective   October 3, 2016. 

On July 29, 2016, (i) the EFH Debtors entered into a Plan Support Agreement (NEE Plan Support Agreement) with NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)  to effect an agreed upon restructuring of the EFH Debtors pursuant to an amendment to the  New Plan of Reorganization (Amended New Plan) and (ii) EFH Corp. and EFIH entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (NEE Merger Agreement) with NEE and EFH Merger Co., LLC (Merger Sub), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NEE. Pursuant to the NEE Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Amended New Plan with respect to the EFH Debtors, EFH Corp. will merge with and into Merger Sub (NEE Merger) with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE.   

In August 2016, the EFH Debtors filed a motion seeking bankruptcy court approval of entry into the NEE Merger Agreement, a related termination fee and the NEE Plan Support Agreement. The NEE Merger Agreement includes various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including, among others, a condition that certain approvals and rulings be obtained, including from, among others, the PUCT and the IRS and a condition that the TCEH Transactions have occurred. NEE will not be required to consummate the NEE Merger if, among other items, the PUCT approval is obtained but with conditions, commitments or requirements that impose a Burdensome Condition (as defined in the NEE Merger Agreement). NEE s and Merger Sub s obligations under the NEE Merger Agreement are not subject to any financing condition.  The bankruptcy court approved EFH Corp. and EFIH s entry into the NEE Merger Agreement, the related termination fee, and the NEE Plan Support Agreement by order dated September 19, 2016. 

Following approval of the NEE Merger Agreement by the bankruptcy court and until confirmation of the Amended New Plan by the bankruptcy court, EFH and EFIH may continue or have discussions or negotiations with respect to acquisition proposals for Reorganized EFH (x) with persons that were in active negotiation at the time of  

11   

approval of the NEE Merger Agreement by the bankruptcy court and (y) with persons that submit an unsolicited acquisition proposal that is, or is reasonably likely to lead to, a Superior Proposal (as defined in the NEE Merger Agreement).   

The NEE Merger Agreement may be terminated upon certain events, including, among other things:  

by either party, if the NEE Merger is not consummated by March 26, 2017, subject to a   90  -day extension under certain conditions; or      

by EFH Corp. or EFIH, until the entry of the confirmation order of the Amended New Plan with respect to the EFH Debtors, if their respective board of directors or managers determines after consultation with its independent financial advisors and outside legal counsel, and based on advice of such counsel, that the failure to terminate the NEE Merger Agreement is inconsistent with its fiduciary duties; provided that a material breach of EFH Corp. s or EFIH s obligations under certain provisions of the NEE Merger Agreement has not provided the basis for such determination.     

If the NEE Merger Agreement is terminated for certain reasons set forth therein and an alternative transaction is consummated by EFH or EFIH in which neither NEE nor any of its affiliates obtains direct or indirect ownership of approximately   80%   of Oncor, then EFH and EFIH will pay a termination fee of   $275,000,000   to NEE. 

Following the execution and delivery of the NEE Merger Agreement, EFIH requested, pursuant to the NEE Merger Agreement, that Oncor Holdings and Oncor enter into a letter agreement (NEE Letter Agreement) with NEE and Merger Sub. The NEE Letter Agreement was executed on August 4, 2016 and sets forth certain rights and obligations of the Oncor   Ring-Fenced   Entities, NEE and Merger Sub to cooperate in the manner set forth therein with respect to initial steps to be taken in connection with the acquisition of Reorganized EFH (EFH Acquisition) and the other transactions described in the NEE Merger Agreement. 

The NEE Letter Agreement is not intended to give NEE or Merger Sub, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of any   of the   Oncor   Ring-Fenced   Entit  ies   prior to the receipt of all approvals required by the bankruptcy court, the PUCT and other governmental entities and the consummation of the EFH Acquisition and related transactions (if and when such transactions are consummated). In addition, Oncor Holdings and Oncor have not endorsed or approved any restructuring involving Oncor Holdings or Oncor or any other transaction proposed by NEE or Merger Sub involving Oncor Holdings or Oncor.  

On October 29, 2016, we entered into an Interest Purchase Agreement (OMI Agreement) with T   D Equity Acquisition, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NEE (T D Equity Acquisition) and Investment LLC pursuant to which T D Equity Acquisition would purchase the   1,396,008   limited liability company interests of Oncor that Investment LLC owns in exchange for a purchase price of   approximately   $27   million  .        The OMI Agreement contains various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the NEE Merger Agreement. 

On October 30, 2016, an affiliate of NEE entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the TTI Merger Agreement) with Texas Transmission Holdings Corporation (the parent of Texas Transmission) and certain of its affiliates to purchase Texas Transmission's   19.75%   equity interest in Oncor for approximately   $2.4   billion.  The parties have agreed to use their best efforts to have the TTI Merger Agreement close contemporaneously with the NEE Merger. The TTI Merger Agreement also contains various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including a requirement that EFH Corp., subject to bankruptcy court approval, waive its rights of first refusal under the Investor Rights Agreement to purchase Texas Transmission's 19.75% equity interest in Oncor. 

Notwithstanding these pending transactions, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings, including whether the transactions contemplated by any Plan of Reorganization, including the EFH Acquisition, will (or when they will) close.  In this regard, we cannot predict how any reorganization of EFH Corp. and EFIH ultimately will impact Oncor or what form any change in indirect ownership of Oncor may take.  On September 19, 2016, the   b  ankruptcy   c  ourt approved the   d  isclosure   s  tatement as it relates to the EFH Debtors.  The  

12   

confirmation hearing for the   New   Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors is scheduled to commence on December 1, 2016. 

Regulatory Matters Related to EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings 

In September 2015, Oncor and the   Hunt   Investor Group filed in PUCT Docket No. 45188 a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Sixth Amended Plan of   Reorganization.  On March 24, 2016, the PUCT issued an order conditionally approving the joint application.  On April 18, 2016, the   Hunt   Investor Group and certain   interveners   in PUCT Docket No. 45188 filed motions for rehearing     and on May 19, 2016, the PUCT denied such motions and the order became final.  The   Hunt   Investor Group filed a petition with the Travis County District Court on June 17, 2016 seeking review of the order.  We cannot predict the results of the review or the ultimate disposition of PUCT Docket No. 45188, particularly in  light of the termination of the Sixth   Amended Plan of Reorganization and the other pending transactions discussed above.        

In connection with PUCT Docket No. 45188, certain cities that have retained original jurisdiction over electric utility rates passed resolutions directing Oncor to file rate review proceedings.  For more information, see Note 3    City Rate Reviews . 

The NEE Merger Agreement contemplates that Oncor   and   NEE file a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Amended New Plan.  On October 31, 2016, Oncor   and   NEE filed that joint application in PUCT Docket No. 46238. 

Settlement Agreement 

In connection with the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings, the EFH Debtors and various creditor parties entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement) in August 2015 (as amended in September 2015) to compromise and settle, among other things (a) intercompany claims among the EFH Debtors, (b) claims and causes of actions against holders of first lien claims against TCEH and the agents under the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities, (c) claims and causes of action against holders of interests in EFH Corp. and certain related entities and (d) claims and causes of action against each of the EFH Debtors' current and former directors, the Sponsor Group, managers and officers and other related entities. The Settlement Agreement contemplates a release of such claims upon approval of the Settlement Agreement by the   b  ankruptcy   c  ourt, which approval was obtained in December 2015. 

The Settlement Agreement settles substantially all inter-debtor claims through the effective date of the Settlement Agreement.  These settled claims include potentially contentious inter-debtor claims, including various potential avoidance actions and claims arising under numerous debt agreements, tax sharing agreements, and contested property transfers.  The release provisions of the Settlement Agreement took effect immediately upon the entry of the   b  ankruptcy   c  ourt order approving the Settlement Agreement. In this regard, substantially all of the potential affiliate claims, derivative claims and other types of disputes among affiliates (including claims against Oncor) have been resolved by bankruptcy court order.  Accordingly, we believe the Settlement Agreement resolves all affiliate claims against Oncor and its assets existing as of the effective date of the Settlement Agreement  . 

3.    REGULATORY MATTERS 

Change in Control Review  s 

In September 2015, Oncor and the Hunt Investor Group filed in PUCT Docket No. 45188 a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization.  On March 24, 2016, the PUCT issued an order conditionally approving the joint application.  On April 18, 2016, the Hunt Investor Group and certain interveners in PUCT Docket No. 45188 filed motions for rehearing and on May 19, 2016, the PUCT denied such motions and the order became final.  The Hunt Investor Group filed a petition with the Travis County District Court on June 17, 2016 seeking review of the order.  We cannot predict the results of the review or the ultimate disposition of PUCT Docket No. 45188, particularly in light of the termination of the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization and the other pending transactions discussed  

13   

in Note 2 to Financial Statements.        For additional information regarding the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization and application for regulatory approval, see Note 2 to Financial Statements and  City Rate Reviews  below. 

The NEE Merger Agreement contemplates that Oncor   and   NEE file a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Amended New Plan.  On October 31, 2016, Oncor   and   NEE filed that joint application in PUCT Docket No. 46238. For additional information regarding the Amended New Plan and application for regulatory approval, see Note 2 to Financial Statements. 

City Rate Reviews 

Oncor has received resolutions passed by approximately   58   cities with original jurisdiction over electric utility rates directing Oncor to file rate review proceedings.  The resolutions passed required Oncor to file a rate review with each city by September 1, 2016 based on a January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 test year  .    However, Oncor has subsequently been notified by counsel representing these cities that these rate review proceedings have been abated indefinitely, pending resolution of Oncor ownership issues. The notice provides that if     and when the cities desire to proceed with a rate inquiry, cities will notify Oncor in writing and inform Oncor of a precise date of the rate case, which will be at least 120 days from receipt of the communication that lifts the abatement. 

2008 Rate Review 

In August 2009, the PUCT issued a final order with respect to our June 2008 rate review filing with the PUCT and   204   cities based on a test year ended December 31, 2007 (PUCT Docket No. 35717), and new rates were implemented in September 2009.  We and   four   other parties appealed various portions of the rate review final order to a state district court.  In January 2011, the district court signed its judgment reversing the PUCT with respect to   two   issues: the PUCT s disallowance of certain franchise fees and the PUCT s decision that PURA no longer requires imposition of a rate discount for state colleges and universities.  We filed an appeal with the Texas Third Court of Appeals (Austin Court of Appeals) in February 2011 with respect to the issues we appealed to the district court and did not prevail upon, as well as the district court s decision to reverse the PUCT with respect to discounts for state colleges and universities.  In early August 2014, the Austin Court of Appeals reversed the district court and affirmed the PUCT with respect to the PUCT s disallowance of certain franchise fees and the PUCT s decision that PURA no longer requires imposition of a rate discount for state colleges and universities.  The Austin Court of Appeals also reversed the PUCT and district court s rejection of a proposed consolidated tax savings adjustment arising out of EFH Corp. s ability to offset our taxable income against losses from other investments and remanded the issue to the PUCT to determine the amount of the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  In late August 2014, we filed a motion on rehearing with the Austin Court of Appeals with respect to certain appeal issues on which we were not successful, including the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  In December 2014, the Austin Court of Appeals issued its opinion, clarifying that it was rendering judgment on the rate discount for state colleges and universities   issue (affirming that PURA no longer requires imposition of the rate discount) rather than remanding it to the PUCT, and dismissing the motions for rehearing regarding the franchise fee issue and the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  We filed a petition for review with the Texas Supreme Court in February 2015.    T  he Texas Supreme Court granted the petition for review   and   heard   oral arguments   in     September 2016.    There is no deadline for the court to act.  If our appeals efforts are unsuccessful and the proposed consolidated tax savings adjustment is implemented, we estimate that on remand, the impact on earnings of the consolidated tax savings adjustment s value could range from zero, as originally determined by the PUCT in Docket 35717, to a $135 million loss (after tax) including interest  . Interest accrues at the PUCT approved rate for over-collections, which is   0.18%   for 2016. We do not believe that any of the other issues ruled upon by the Austin Court of Appeals would result in a material impact to our results of operations or financial condition. 

See Note 3 to Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K for additional information regarding regulatory matters. 

14   

4.    REGULATORY ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

Recognition of regulatory assets and liabilities and the amortization periods over which they are expected to be recovered or refunded through rate regulation reflect the decisions of the PUCT.  Components of the regulatory assets and liabilities are provided in the table below.  Amounts not earning a return through rate regulation are noted. 

Remaining Rate Recovery/Amortization Period at  

Carrying Amount At  

September 30, 2016  

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

Regulatory assets:  

Generation-related regulatory assets securitized by transition bonds (a)(d)  

-  

$  

-   

$  
				 
				 31 

Employee retirement costs being amortized  

3 years  

27 

38 

Unrecovered employee retirement costs incurred since the last rate review period (b)   

To be determined  

318 

291 

Employee retirement liability (a)(b)(c)   

To be determined  

812 

853 

Self-insurance reserve (primarily storm recovery costs) being amortized   net   

3 years  

72 

95 

Unrecovered self-insurance reserve incurred since the last rate review period   net (b)   

To be determined  

374 

332 

Securities reacquisition costs (pre-industry restructure)   

1 year or less  

6 

14 

Securities reacquisition costs (post-industry restructure)   net   

Lives of related debt  

10 

9 

Recoverable amounts in lieu of deferred income taxes   net   

Life of related asset or liability  

3 

12 

Deferred conventional meter and metering facilities depreciation   

Largely 4 years  

83 

100 

Under-recovered   AMS costs   

To be determined  

194 

164 

Energy efficiency performance bonus (a)   

1 year or less  

12 

10 

Under-recovered wholesale transmission service expense (a)  

1 year or less  

15 

-  

Other regulatory assets   

Various  

8 

9 

Total regulatory assets   

1,934 

1,958 

Regulatory liabilities:  

Estimated net removal costs   

Lives of related assets  

782 

686 

Investment tax credit and protected excess deferred taxes   

Various  

10 

14 

Over-collection of transition bond charges (a)(d)   

1 year or less  

6 

29 

Over-recovered wholesale transmission service expense (a)  

1 year or less  

-   

24 

Energy efficiency programs (a)   

Not applicable  

22 

11 

Total regulatory liabilities   

820 

764 

Net regulatory asset   

$  
				 
				 1,114 

$  
				 
				 1,194 

____________ 

(a) 

Not earning a return   in the regulatory rate-setting process.     

(b) 

Recovery is specifically authorized by statute or by the PUCT, subject to reasonableness review.     

(c) 

Represents unfunded liabilities recorded in accor  dance with pension and OPEB accounting standards.     

(d) 

Bondco net regulatory   liabilities   at   September     3  0  , 201  6     were   zero    (  excludes     $  6   million of over  -collections related to transition bonds assumed by Oncor for final settlement).      Bondco net regulatory assets of   $10   million at December 31,   2015   consisted of   $  31   million included in generation-related regulatory assets net of the regulatory liability for over-collection of transition bond revenues of   $  21   million   (excludes   $8   million of over-collections related to transition bonds assumed by Oncor for final settlement).     

15   

5.        BORROWINGS UNDER CREDIT FACILITIES   

At September 30, 2016, we had a $2.0 billion secured revolving credit facility to be used for working capital   and general corporate purposes, issuances of letters of credit and support for any commercial paper issuances.  In October 2016, we exercised the second of two one-year extensions available to us and extended the term of the revolving credit facility to October 2018.    The terms of the revolving credit facility allow us to   request an increase in our borrowing capacity of $100 million in the aggregate provided certain conditions are met, including lender approval. 

Borrowings under the   revolving   credit facility are classified as short-term on the balance sheet and are secured equally and ratably with all of our other secured indebtedness by a first priority lien on property we acquired or constructed for the transmission and distribution of electricity.  The property is mortgaged under the Deed of Trust. 

At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility totaling $880 million with an interest rate of 1.52% and outstanding letters of credit totaling $7 million.  At December 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility totaling $840 million with an interest rate of 1.48% and outstanding letters of credit totaling $7 million. 

Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at per annum rates equal to, at our option, (i)   LIBOR plus a spread ranging from   1.00% to 1.75% depending on credit ratings assigned to our senior secured non-credit enhanced long-term debt or (ii) an alternate base rate (the highest of (1) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and (3) daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus a spread ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% depending on credit ratings assigned to our senior secured non-credit enhanced long-term debt.    At September 30, 2016, all outstanding borrowings bore interest at LIBOR plus 1.00%.    Amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility, once repaid, can be borrowed again from time to time. 

An unused commitment fee is payable quarterly in arrears and upon termination or commitment reduction at a rate equal to 0.100% to 0.275% (such spread depending on certain credit ratings assigned to our senior secured debt) of the daily unused commitments under the revolving credit facility.  Letter of credit fees on the stated amount of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility are payable to the lenders quarterly in arrears and upon termination at a rate per annum equal to the spread over adjusted LIBOR.  Customary fronting and administrative fees are also payable to letter of credit fronting banks.    At September 30, 2016, letters of credit bore interest at 1.20%, and a commitment fee (at a rate of 0.10% per annum) was payable on the unfunded commitments under the revolving   credit   facility, each based on our current credit ratings. 

Subject to the limitations described below, borrowing capacity available under the revolving credit facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $1.113 billion and $1.153 billion, respectively.  Generally, our indentures and   revolving   credit facility limit the incurrence of other secured indebtedness except for indebtedness secured equally and ratably with the indentures and   revolving   credit facility and certain   permitted exceptions.  As described further in Note 6, the Deed of Trust permits us to secure indeb  tedness (including borrowings under our   revolving   credit facility) with the lien of the Deed of Trust.  At   September 30, 2016  , the available borrowing capacity of the revolving credit facility could be fully drawn. 

The   revolving   credit facility contains customary covenants for facilities of this type, restricting, subject to certain exceptions, us and our subsidiaries from, among other things: incurring additional liens; entering into mergers and consolidations; and sales of substantial assets.  In addition, the   revolving   credit facility requires that we maintain a consolidated senior debt-to-capitalization ratio of no greater than   0.65   to   1.00   and observe certain customary reporting requirements and other affirmative covenants.  For purposes of the ratio, debt is calculated as indebtedness defined in the revolving credit facility (principally, the sum of long-term debt, any capital leases, short-term debt and debt due currently in accordance with GAAP).    The debt calculation excludes any outstanding transition bonds issued by Bondco, but includes any unamortized fair value discount related to Bondco.    Capitalization is calculated as membership interests determined in accordance with GAAP plus indebtedness described above.    At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with this covenant and with all   other covenants  . 

16   

6.    LONG-TERM DEBT 

At   September   30  , 2016   and December 31,   2015  , our long-term debt consisted of the following:    

__________ 

(a)   Secured by first priority lien on certain transmission and distribution assets equally and ratably with all of Oncor s other secured indebtedness.  See  Deed of Trust  below for additional information. 

(b)   The transition bonds   were   nonrecourse to Oncor and were issued to securitize a regulatory asset. 

Debt-Related Activity in 201  6 

Debt Repayments 

Rep  ayments   of long-term debt in the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   totaled   $41   million  ,   representing   the final   transition bond principal payment at the scheduled maturity date. 

Issuance of Senior Secured Notes 

In August 2016, we completed the sale of $175 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes maturing in April 2045 (Additional 2045 Notes).  The Additional 2045 Notes were an additional issuance of our 3.75% senior secured notes maturing in April 2045, $375 million aggregate principal amount of which were previously issued in March 2015 (2045 Notes).  The Additional 2045 Notes were issued as part of the same series as the 2045 Notes.  We used the net proceeds of approximately $185 million from the sale of the Additional 2045 Notes to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.  The Additional  

17   

2045 Notes and 2045 Notes are secured by the first priority lien and are secured equally and ratably with all of our other secured indebtedness as discussed below. 

Interest on the Additional 2045 Notes is payable in cash semiannually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2016.  We may at our option redeem the Additional 2045 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time, at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and, until October 1, 2044, a make-whole premium.  The   Additional 2045 Notes   also contain customary events of default, including failure to pay principal or interest on the notes when due. 

The Additional 2045 Notes were issued in a private placement and were not registered under the Securities Act   of 1933, as amended  .  We have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to register with the SEC notes having substantially identical terms as the Additional 2045 Notes (except for provisions relating to the transfer restriction and payment of additional interest) as part of an offer to exchange freely tradable exchange notes for the Additional 2045 Notes.  We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the exchange offer to be completed within 315 days after the issue date of the Additional 2045 Notes.  If a registration statement for the exchange offer is not declared effective by the SEC within 270 days after the issue date of the Additional 2045 Notes or the exchange offer is not completed within 315 days after the issue date of the Additional 2045 Notes (an exchange default), then the annual interest rate on the Additional 2045 Notes will increase 50 basis points per annum until the earlier of the expiration of the exchange default or the second anniversary of the issue date of the Additional 2045 Notes. 

Deed of Trust 

Our secured indebtedness, including the revolving credit facility described in Note 5, is secured equally and ratably by a first priority lien on property we acquired or constructed for the transmission and distribution of electricity.  The property is mortgaged under the Deed of Trust.  The Deed of Trust permits us to secure indebtedness (including borrowings under our revolving credit facility) with the lien of the Deed of Trust up to the aggregate of (i) the amount of available bond credits, and (ii)   85%   of the lower of the fair value or cost of certain property additions that could be certified to the Deed of Trust collateral agent.  At   September   30  , 2016  , the amount of available bond credits was   $2.  534   billion and the amount of future debt we could secure with property additions, subject to those property additions being certified to the Deed of Trust collateral agent, was   $1.  5  86   billion.  

Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 

At   September     3  0  , 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the estimated fair value of our long-term debt (including current maturities  , if any  ) totaled   $  7  .  112   billion and   $6.  287   billion, respectively, and the carrying amount totaled   $  5.  837   billion and   $5.6  87   billion, respectively.  The fair value is estimated us  ing   observable market data, representing Level 2 valuations under accounting standards   related to the determination of fair value. 

7  .        COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

EFH   Bankruptcy   Proceedings 

On   the   EFH   Petition Date  ,    the   EFH   Debtors     commenced   the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings  .        T  he Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not parties to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.    See Note  s    2     and 10   f  o  r    a    discussion of   the potential impacts on us   as a result of the   EFH   B  ankruptcy   P  roceedings   and   our   related-party   transactions involving members of the Texas Holdings Group  , respectively  . 

Legal/Regulatory Proceedings 

We are   involved in various legal and administrative proceedings in the normal course of business  ,   the ultimate resolution of which, in the opinion of management, should not have a material effect upon   our   financial position, results of operations or cash flows.        See   Note 3 in this report and   Note   8   to Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K for additional information     regarding   our legal and regulatory proceedings  . 

18   

8.    MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS 

Cash Distributions 

Distributions are limited by our required regulatory capital structure to be at or below the assumed debt-to-equity ratio established   periodically   by the PUCT for ratemaking purposes, which is currently set at 60% debt to 40% equity.  At   September     3  0  , 2016  , $  69   million was available for distribution to our members as our regulatory capitalization ratio was 59.  6  % debt   to   40.  4  % equity.  The PUCT has the authority to determine what types of debt and equity are included in a utility s debt-to-equity ratio.  For purposes of this ratio, debt is calculated as long-term debt plus unamortized gains on reacquired debt   less unamortized issuance   expenses, premiums and losses on reacquired debt.  Equity is calculated as membership interests determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding the effects of purchase accounting (which included recording the initial goodwill and fair value adjustments and the subsequent related impairments and amortization).  

On   October   2  6  , 201  6  , our board of directors declared a cash distribution of   $  41   million,   which was   paid to our members   on October 27,     201  6  .    During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, our board of directors declared, and we paid  ,   the following cash distributions to our members: 

19   

Membership Interests 

The following table present  s   the changes to membership interests during the   nine     months ended   September     3  0  , 2016   and   2015  :    

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The following table present  s   the changes to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine   months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015  : 

20   

9.    PENSION AND   OPEB   PLANS  

Pension Plans 

We   sponsor   the Oncor Retirement Plan and   also have liabilities under   the EFH Retirement Plan, both of which are qualified pension plans under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and are subject to the provisions of ERISA.  Employees do not contribute to either plan.    We also have a supplemental pension plan for certain employees whose retirement benefits cannot be fully earned under the qualified retirement plans.    See Note 10 to Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K for additional information regarding pension plans. 

Oncor   OPEB Plan 

The   Oncor     OPEB Plan   covers   our   eligible current and future retirees as well as certain eligible   retirees   of EFH Corp. whose employment included service with both Oncor (or a predecessor regulated electric business) and a non-regulated business of EFH Corp.    At September 30, 2016,   EFH Corp. retain  ed   its portion of the liability for retiree benefits related to those retirees.   As we are not responsible for EFH Corp. s portion of the Oncor OPEB Plan s unfunded liability, that amount is not reported on our balance sheet.    See Note 10 to Financial Statements in our 2015 Form 10-K for additional information.  

Pension and OPEB Costs 

Our net costs related to pension   plans   and   the Oncor   OPEB   P  lan for the three   and   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015   were comprised of the following: 

The discount rates reflected in net pension and OPEB costs in 201  6   are   4  .  28  %  ,    4.  57  %   and   4.  60  %   for the Oncor Retirement Plan, the EFH Retirement Plan and the   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan, respectively.  The expected return on pension and OPEB   p  lan assets reflected in the 201  6   cost amounts are   5  .  53  %  ,    5.  64  %   and   6.  30  %   for the Oncor Retirement Plan, the EFH Retirement Plan and the   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan, respectively. 

21   

Pension and OPEB Plans Cash Contributions 

We made cash contribution  s to the pension plans and   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan of     $  3   million and   $  22   million, respectively, during the   nine     months ended   September     3  0  , 2016  .       W  e expect to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan of   $  1     million and   $  16   million, respectively, during the remainder of 201  6  . Our aggregate pension plans and Oncor OPEB Plan funding is expected to total   approximately   $479   million and   $  1  60   million, respectively, in the 2016 to 2020 period   based on the latest actuarial projections  . 

10.   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The following represent our significant related-party transactions   at September 30, 2016  .  See Note 2 for additional information regarding related-party contingencies resulting from the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings    and information regarding the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off. As a result of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries, including Luminant and TXU Energy, ceased to be related parties as of October 3, 2016. 

. 

W  e record  ed   revenue from TCEH, principally for electricity delivery fees, which totaled   $265   million and   $279   million for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively  , and   $700   million and   $739   million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    The fees are based on rates regulated by the PUCT that apply to all REPs.  These revenues included less than   $1   million for each of the   three- and nine-  month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   pursuant to a transformer maintenance agreement with TCEH.         

Trade accounts and other receivables from EFH Corp. affiliates   net reported on our balance sheet, primarily consisting of trade receivables from TCEH related to these electricity delivery fees, are as follows: 

EFH Corp. subsidiaries charge us for certain administrative services at cost.  Our payments to EFH Corp. subsidiaries for administrative services, which are primarily reported in operation and maintenance expenses, tota  led less than   $1     m  illion and   $5   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively  , an  d less than   $1   million and   $14   million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    We also charge each other for shared facilities at cost.  Our payments to EFH Corp. for shared facilities totaled   $1   mi  llion for each of the three  -  month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 and   $3   million   for   each of   the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .        Payments we received from     EFH Corp. subsidiaries related to shared facilities totaled   $1   million and   less than   $1    m  illion for the three  -  month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015, respectively,     an  d    $1   million for   each of   the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      

We are not a member of EFH Corp. s consolidated tax group, but EFH Corp. s consolidated federal income tax return includes EFH Corp. s portion of our results due to EFH Corp. s equity ownership in us.  Under the terms of a tax sharing agreement among us, Oncor Holdings, Texas Transmission, Investment LLC and EFH Corp., we are generally obligated to make payments to Texas Transmission, Investment LLC and EFH Corp., pro rata in accordance with their respective membership interests, in an aggregate amount that is substantially equal to the amount of federal income taxes that we would have been required to pay if we were filing our own corporate income tax return.  For periods prior to the tax sharing agreement (entered into in October 2007 and amended and restated in November 2008), we are  

22   

responsible for our share, if any, of redetermined tax liability for the EFH Corp. consolidated tax group.  EFH Corp. also includes our results in its consolidated Texas margin tax payments, which are accounted for as income taxes and calculated as if we were filing our own return.  See discussion in Note 1 to Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K under  Income Taxes.   Under the  in lieu of  tax concept, all in lieu of tax assets and tax liabilities represent amounts that will eventually be settled with our members.    In the unlikely event such amounts are not paid under the tax sharing agreement, it is probable that this regulatory liability will continue to be included in Oncor s rate setting processes.     

Amounts payable to (receivable from) members related to income taxes under the tax sharing agreement and reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

Cash payments made to members related to income taxes consisted of the following: 

Our PUCT-approved tariffs include requirements to assure adequate creditworthiness of any REP to support the REP s obligation to collect transition bond-related charges on behalf of Bondco.  Under these tariffs, as a result of TCEH s credit rating being below investment grade, TCEH   was   required to post collateral support in an amount equal to estimated transition charges over specified time periods.  Accordingly, TCEH had posted security in the amount of   zero   and   $6   million for our benefit     at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  ,   respectively.         

At September 30, 2016, Oncor held approximately   $6   million of over-collected transition charges, which are being refunded to REPs.  An estimated   $1   million of the over-collection was refunded to TCEH prior to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, and an estimated   $1   million of the over-collection will be refunded to Reorganized TCEH following the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off.             

Under Texas regulatory provisions, the trust fund for decommissioning TCEH s Comanche Peak nuclear generation facility is funded by a delivery fee surcharge we collect from REPs and remit monthly  , prior to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off  ,     to   TCEH, and after the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, to Reorganized TCEH  .  Delivery fee surcharges totaled   $6   million and   $5   million for the three-month periods ended September 30  , 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $15   million and   $13   million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.        Our sole obligation with regard to nuclear decommissioning is as the collection agent of funds charged to ratepayers for nuclear   decommissioning activities.  If, at the time of decommissioning, actual decommissioning costs exceed available trust funds, we would not be obligated to pay any shortfalls but would be required to collect any rates approved by the PUCT to recover any additional decommissioning costs.  Further, if there were to be a surplus when  

23   

decommissioning is complete, such surplus would be returned to ratepayers under terms prescribed by the PUCT.     

Related parties of the Sponsor Group have (1) sold, acquired or participated in the offerings of our debt or debt securities in open market transactions or through loan syndications, and (2) performed various financial advisory, dealer, commercial banking and investment banking services for us and certain of our affiliates for which they have received or will receive customary fees and expenses, and may from time to time in the future participate in any of the items in (1) and (2) above.  Also, as of September 30, 2016,   16.6%   of the equity in an existing vendor of the company   was   held by a member of the Sponsor Group.  During 2016 and 2015, this vendor performed transmission and distribution system construction and maintenance services for us.  Cash payments were made for such services to this vendor totaling   $138   million dollars for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of which approximately   $131   million was capitalized and   $7   million recor  ded   as an   operation and maintenance expense.  At September 30, 2016  ,   we had outstanding trade payables to this vendor of   $7   million.      

See Note 8 for information regarding distributions to members and Note 9 for information regarding our participation in   the   EFH Corp. pension plan and transactions with EFH Corp. involving employee benefit matters. 

11.   SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Major Customers 

Revenues from TCEH represente  d    25%   and   26%   of our total operating revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively   and   24%   and   25%   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Revenues from REP subsidiaries of a nonaffiliated entity collectively represented   19%   and   18%   of our total operating revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively  , and   17%   of   our total operating revenues for each of the nine  -  month   periods   ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    No other customer represented 10% or more of our total operating revenues. 

Other Income and   (  Deductions  ) 

Interest Expense and Related Charges 

24   

Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash at September 30, 2016 was   zero   as a result of the maturity and payment in full of the 2004 Series transition bonds in May 2016.  Restricted cash reported on our balance sheet at December 31, 2015 relate  d   to the transition bonds.  

Trade Accounts and Other Receivables 

Trade accounts and other receivables reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

At   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , REP subsidiaries of a nonaffiliated entity, collectively represented approximately   17%   and   13%   of the nonaffiliated trade accounts receivable amount, respectively. 

Under a PUCT rule relating to the Certification of Retail Electric Providers, write-offs of uncollectible amounts owed by REPs are deferred as a regulatory asset.  Due to commitments made to the PUCT in 2007, we are not allowed to recover bad debt expense, or certain other costs and expenses, from ratepayers in the event of a default or bankruptcy by   an     affiliate REP. 

Investments and Other Property 

Investments and other property reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

25   

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets (other than goodwill) reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

A  ggregate amortization expense for intangible assets totaled   $14   million and   $16   milli  on for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $46   million and   $48   milli  on for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows:    

At both   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , goodwill totaling $4.1 billion was reported on our balance sheet.  None of this goodwill is being deducted for tax purposes. 

Employee Benefit Obligations   and   Other 

Employee benefit obligations and other   reported on our balance sheet consisted of the following: 

26   

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

_____________ 

(a) 

See Note 10 for income tax related detail.      

(b) 

Represents end-of-period accruals.     

27   

ITEM 2  .       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

The following discussion and analysis of   our   financial condition and results of operations for the three     and   nine     months   ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015   should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements     as well as the Risk Factors contained in our 201  5   Form 10-K  . 

All dollar amounts in the tables in the following discussion and analysis are stated in millions of U  .  S  .   dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

BUSINESS 

We are a regulated electricity transmission and distribution company principally engaged in providing delivery services to REPs     that sell power in the north-central, eastern and western parts of Texas  .  T  he services to REPs included subsidiaries of TCEH through the date of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off and subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH after the date of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-  Off  .        Re  venues from TCEH represented   2  5  %    and 2  6  %    of   our reported   total   operating   revenues for the   three months   ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015  , respectively   and 2  4  % and 2  5  % of our reported total operating revenues for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    We are   a majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings, which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of   EFIH  , a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp.  Oncor Holdings owns     80.03% of   our     outstanding   membership interests, Texas Transmission owns 19.75% of   our outstanding   membership interests and certain members of   our   management   team and board of directors   indirectly own the   remaining   0.22% of the outstanding   membership interests through Investment LLC.    We are   managed as an integrated business; consequently, there are no separate reportable business segments. 

Various  ring-fencing  measures have been taken to enhance the separateness between the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities and the Texas Holdings Group and our credit quality.  These measures serve to mitigate our and Oncor Holdings  credit exposure to the Texas Holdings Group and to reduce the risk that our assets and liabilities or those of Oncor Holdings would be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Texas Holdings Group in connection with a bankruptcy of   one   or more of those entities  , including the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings discussed below  .  Such measures include, among other things: our sale of a   19.75  % equity interest to Texas Transmission in November 2008; maintenance of separate books and records for the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities; our board of directors being comprised of a majority of independent directors; and prohibitions on the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities providing credit support to, or receiving credit support from, any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  The assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are separate and distinct from those of the Texas Holdings Group, and none of the assets of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are available to satisfy the debt or contractual obligations of any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  We do not bear any liability for debt or contractual obligations of the Texas Holdings Group, and vice versa.  Accordingly, our operations are conducted, and our cash flows are managed, independently from the Texas Holdings Group. 

Significant Activities and Events 

EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings     On the EFH Petition Date,   the Debtors   commenced proceedings under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code.  The Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not parties to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  We believe the  ring-fencing  measures discussed above mitigate our potential exposure to the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings.  See Note 2 to Financial Statements for a discussion of the potential impacts of the EFH   Bankruptcy Proceedings on our financial statements  ,    a discussion of the proposed change in control of Oncor s indirect majority owner in connection with such proceedings  , and a discussion of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off. As a result of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries, including Luminant and TXU Energy, ceased to be affiliates of ours as of October 3, 2016. 

The US Bankruptcy Code automatically enjoined, or stayed, us from judicial or administrative proceedings or filing of other actions against our affiliates or their property to recover, collect or secure our claims arising prior to the EFH Petition Date.  Following the EFH Petition Date, EFH Corp. received approval from the bankruptcy court to pay or otherwise honor certain prepetition obligations generally designed to stabilize its operations.  Included in the approval were the obligations owed to us representing our prepetition electricity delivery fees.  As of the EFH  

28   

Petition Date, we estimated that our receivables from the Texas Holdings Group totaled approximately $129 million.    As of September 30, 2016,   we ha  d   collected $12  8   million of the prepetition amount.  We estimate any potential pre-tax loss resulting from the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings to be immaterial.  A provision for uncollectible accounts from affiliates ha  d   not been established as of   September     3  0  , 2016  .    For more information on the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings, see   Note 2 to Financial Statements.    

The EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings are a complex litigation matter and the full extent of potential exposure at this time is unknown.    W  e will continue to evaluate our affiliate transactions and contingencies throughout the EFH Bankruptcy   Proceedings to determine any risks and resulting impacts on our results of operations, financial statements and cash flows. See Notes 2,   3,   7 and 10 to Financial Statements and  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  for additional information. 

For information regarding matters with the PUCT, see discussion below under  Regulation and Rates.  

29   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Operating Data 

________________ 

(a) 

Includes small business, large commercial and industrial and all other non-residential distribution points of delivery.     

(b) 

SAIDI is the average number of minutes electric service is interrupted per consumer in a year.  SAIFI is the average number of electric service interruptions per consumer in a year.  CAIDI is the average duration in minutes per electric service interruption in a year.  The statistics presented are based on twelve months ended   September     3  0  , 2016   and   2015   data.     

(c) 

A portion of transmission base revenues (TCOS) is recovered from Oncor s distribution customers through the TCRF rate. 

30   

Financial Results   Three Months Ended   September     3  0  , 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September    3  0  , 2015       

Total operating revenues     de  creased   $  1   million     to $  1  ,  071   million in 201  6  .  All revenue is billed under tariffs approved by the PUCT.  The change reflected: 

A     Decrease   in Distribution Base Revenues       Distribution b  ase rates are set periodically in a rate review docket initiated by either us or the PUCT.  The present distribution base rates became effective on January 1, 2012.  The $  7   million   decrease   in distribution base rate revenues   includes   a    $  1  5   million   decrease   due to   lower consumption primarily driven by   milder   summer weather conditions, partially offset by   an $8 million increase due to   growth in points of delivery  .           

An Increase in Transmission Base Revenues       Transmission base revenues (or   TCOS revenues  )   are     collected from load serving entities benefitting from our transmission system.  REPs serving customers in our service territory are billed through the TCRF mechanism discussed below  ,   while other load serving entities are billed directly.  In order to reflect changes in our invested transmission capital, PUCT rules allow us to update our TCOS rates by filing up to two interim TCOS rate adjustments in a calendar year.  The $  13   million increase in transmission base revenues primarily reflects interim rate increases to recover ongoing investment, including a return component, in the transmission system.  See TCOS Filings Table below for a listing of Transmission Interim Rate Update Applications impacting revenues for the three months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015  , as well as filings that will impact revenues for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

TCOS Filings Table 

A   Decrease   in Reconcilable Rates     The PUCT has designated certain tariffs (TCRF, EECRF surcharge, AMS surcharge and charges related to transition bonds) as reconcilable, which means the differences between amounts billed under these tariffs and the related incurred costs, including a return component where allowed, are deferred as either regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.  Accordingly, at prescribed intervals, future applicable tariffs are adjusted to either repay regulatory liabilities or collect regulatory assets.  While changes in these tariffs affect revenues and the timing of cash flows, they do not impact operating income, except for the AMS return component.    See Note 1 to Financial Statements for   a discussion of the   accounting treatment of reconcilable tariffs.     

- 

An Increase in TCRF     TCRF is a distribution rate charged to REPs to recover fees we pay to other transmission service providers under their TCOS rates and the retail portion of our own TCOS rate.  PUCT rules allow us to update the TCRF component of our retail delivery rates on March 1 and September 1 each year.  The $  2  8   million     increase in TCRF revenue reflects the pass through of   a    $  2  3   million increase in third-party wholesale transmission expense described below   and a $  5   million   increase in our own TCOS rate to recover ongoing investment in our transmission system including a return component.  At   September   30  ,    2016  ,     $  15   million was deferred as   under  -recovered wholesale   transmission service expense   (see Note 4 to Financial Statements)  .  See TCRF Filings Table below for a listing of TCRF filings impacting cash flows for the three months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015  , as well as filings that will impact cash flows for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

31   

TCRF Filings Table 

- 

A Decrease in Transition Charges        Transition charge revenue is dedicated to paying the principal and interest of transition bonds.  We account for the difference between transition charge revenue recognized and cost related to the transition bonds as a regulatory asset or liability.  The $  3  0   million decrease in charges related to transition bonds corresponds with an offsetting decrease in amortization and interest expense and primarily reflects the maturity of the 2003 Series transition bonds during 2015   and t  he   maturity of the   2004 Series transition bonds in May 2016.      Final true-up proceedings for the   transition bonds   are   being   conducted by   Oncor and   the PUCT during 2016 and are expected to have minimal or   no   net income impact.     

- 

A    Decrease   in AMS Surcharges     The PUCT has authorized monthly per customer advanced meter cost recovery factors designed to recover the cost of our initial AMS deployment over an eleven-year period ending in 2019.  We recognize revenues equal to reconcilable expenses incurred including depreciation net of calculated savings plus a return component on our investment.    The $  2   million decrease in recognized AMS revenues is   primarily   due to   $4 million   lower   reconcilable   depre  ciation   expense and a   lower return due to the   declining   initial   AMS   investment balance  , partially offset by $2 million in higher reconcilable operation and maintenance expense.      

- 

An Increase   in   EECRF   and Rate Case Expense   Surcharges     The EECRF is a reconcilable rate designed to recover current energy efficiency program costs and performance bonuses earned by exceeding PUCT targets in prior years and recover or refund any over/under recovery of our costs in prior years.  We recognize the performance bonuses in other miscellaneous revenues upon approval by the PUCT.  PUCT rules require us to file an annual EECRF tariff update by the first business day in June of each year for implementation on March 1 of the next calendar year.    The $  3   million increase in EECRF surcharges is offset in operation and maintenance expense.    See EECRF Filings Table below for a listing of EECRF filings impacting revenues for the three months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   2015  , as well as filings that will impact revenues for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

EECRF Filings Table 

______________ 

(a)        As of     March 2014,   average   monthly charges are for a residential customer using 1,  2  00 kWh, as the energy efficiency   substantive rules require rates to be on a volumetric basis rather than a fixed monthly charge. 

32   

A    D  ecrease     in   Other Miscellaneous Revenues        Miscellaneous revenues include disconnect/reconnect fees and other discretionary revenues for services requested by REPs, services provided on a time and materials basis, rents, energy efficiency performance bonuses approved by the PUCT and other miscellaneous revenues  .           

Wholesale transmission service expense   increased $  2  3   million, or   1  1  %, to $  2  2  4   million in 201  6   due to higher   fees paid to other transmission entities. 

Operation and maintenance expense     increased   $  4   million, or     2  %  , to $  190   million in 201  6  .        Operation and maintenance expense   increased   due to   higher labor related costs of $4 million,   higher energy efficiency expenses of   $  3   million   and higher advanced meters   expenses   of $2 million  ,    partially offset by   lower contractor costs of   $  4   million   and lower vegetation management   costs   of $1 million.   Operation and maintenance expense reflects fluctuations in expenses that are offset     by corresponding reconcilable rate revenues, including the $  3   million increase related to the energy efficiency program   and   the   $2 million related to advance meters   discussed   above.    Amorti  zation of regulatory assets reported in operation and maintenance expense   totaled $1  2   million for     each of   the three months ended   September     3  0  , 2016   and   2015  . 

Depreciation and amortization     decreased   $  27   million  , or   12  %,   to $  19  0   million in 201  6  .  The   decrease     reflect  s     lower amortization of regulatory assets   of $  29   million   primarily   related to the   maturity of the transition bonds (with an offsetting decrease in revenues)  ,    partially offset by a     $  2   million   increase   attributed to ongoing investments in property, plant and equipment  .      

Taxes other than amounts related to income taxes     in  creased   $  2   million, or   2  %, to $  1  18   million in 201  6  .  The   increase is   primarily   due to   a    $1 million increase in   local franchise fees   and a $1 million increase in property taxes  . 

Other income and (deductions)   net     improved   $  6   million in 2016.  The change primarily   reflects a reduction in non-recoverable pension and OPEB costs   and   lower profession  al   fees  .       See Note 11 to Financial Statements   for more details  . 

Provision in lieu of income taxes   totaled $  98   million (including a $  1   million benefit related to nonoperating income) in 201  6   compared to $  96   million (  including a $  3   million benefit related to non  operating income) in 201  5  .  The effective income tax rate on pretax income was   3  7.5  %   and 3  7  .  1  %    for the years   201  6     and   201  5  , respectively  .  The effective income tax rate on pretax income differs from the U  .  S  .   federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the effect of the Texas margin tax   and the filing of the 2015 partnership income tax return  . 

Interest expense and related charges     was   $85 million and   $  84   million for   201  6   and 2015  , respectively  .       The   current period includes a    $  3   million   increase due to higher   average   borrowings,   partially   offset   by   a $2 million decrease due to l  ower   average   interest rates. 

Net income     was $163   million   for each of the three months ended September 30,   201  6   and 2015  .    R  evenues   for the current period   included increases   due to growth in points of delivery and increases in transmission investment  ,    offset by   decreased revenues due to   lower consumption  ,   primarily driven by   milder   summer weather conditions.    Operating expense     and interest expense were slightly up   but were   offset by lower other deductions.  

33   

Financial Results     Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 201  6   Compared to   Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 201  5 

Total operating revenues   increased $  5   million   to    $  2  ,  962   million in 201  6  .  All revenue is billed under tariffs approved by the PUCT.  The change reflected: 

A    Decrease i  n Distribution Base Revenues     Distribution base rates are set periodically in a rate review docket initiated by either us or the PUCT.  The present distribution base rates became effective on January 1, 2012.  The $  33   million   decrease   in distribution base rate revenues   consisted of an estimated $  52   million impact   due to   lower average consumption primarily driven by milder winter  ,    spring   and summer   weather  ,   partially offset by an effect of growth in points of delivery   of   $1  9   million  .     

An Increase in Transmission Base Revenues     Transmission base revenues (or TCOS revenues) are collected from load serving entities benefitting from our transmission system.  REPs serving customers in our service territory are billed through the TCRF mechanism discussed below while other load serving entities are billed directly.  In order to reflect changes in our invested transmission capital, PUCT rules allow us to update our TCOS rates by filing up to two interim TCOS rate adjustments in a calendar year.  The $  48   million increase in transmission base revenues primarily reflects interim rate increases to recover ongoing investment, including a return component, in the transmission system.  See TCOS Filings Table above for a listing of Transmission Interim Rate Update Applications impacting revenues for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   and 201  5  , as well as filings that will impact revenues for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

An Increase in Reconcilable Rates     The PUCT has designated certain tariffs (TCRF, EECRF surcharge, AMS surcharge and charges related to transition bonds) as reconcilable, which means the differences between amounts billed under these tariffs and the related incurred costs, including a return component where allowed, are deferred as either regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.  Accordingly, at prescribed intervals, future applicable tariffs are adjusted to either repay regulatory liabilities or collect regulatory assets.  While changes in these tariffs affect revenues and the timing of cash flows, they do not impact operating income, except for the AMS return component.    See Note 1 to Financial Statements for accounting treatment of reconcilable tariffs.     

- 

An Increase in TCRF     TCRF is a distribution rate charged to REPs to recover fees we pay to other transmission service providers under their TCOS rates and the retail portion of our own TCOS rate.  PUCT rules allow us to update the TCRF component of our retail delivery rates on March 1 and September 1 each year.  The $  88   million increase in TCRF revenue reflects the pass through of a $  68   million increase in third-party wholesale transmission expense described below and a $  20   million increase in our own TCOS rate to recover ongoing investment in our transmission system including a return component.  At   September   30,   201  6  , $  15   million was deferred as under-recovered wholesale   transmission service expense (see Note 4 to Financial Statements).  See TCRF Filings Table above for a listing of TCRF filings impacting cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   and 201  5  , as well as filings that will impact cash flows for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

- 

A Decrease in Transition Charges     Transition charge revenue is dedicated to paying the principal and interest of transition bonds.  We account for the difference between transition charge revenue recognized and cost related to the transition bonds as a regulatory liability.    The $  77   million decrease in charges related to transition bonds corresponds with an offsetting decrease in amortization and interest expense and primarily reflects the maturity of the 2003 Series transition bonds during 2015 and the maturity of the 2004 Series transition bonds in May 2016.  Final true-up proceedings for the transition bonds are   being   conducted by Oncor and the PUCT during 2016 and are expected to have minimal or no net income impact.           

- 

A Decrease in   AMS Surcharges     The PUCT has authorized monthly per customer advanced meter cost recovery factors designed to recover the cost of our initial AMS deployment over an eleven-year period ending in 2019.  We recognize revenues equal to reconcilable expenses incurred including  

34   

depreciation net of calculated savings plus a return component on our investment.  AMS revenues   decreased   $  8   million   primarily   due to   a    $10 million   decrease attributable to   lower reconcilable depreciation expense and a lower return due to the declining   initial   AMS investment balance, partially offset by $2 million in higher reconcilable operation and maintenance expense.      

- 

A  n Increase   in EECRF Surcharges     The EECRF is a reconcilable rate designed to recover current energy efficiency program costs and performance bonuses earned by exceeding PUCT targets in prior years and recover or refund any over/under recovery of our costs in prior years.  We recognize the performance bonuses in other miscellaneous revenues upon approval by the PUCT.  PUCT rules require us to file an annual EECRF tariff update by the first business day in June of each year for implementation on March 1 of the next calendar year.  The $  5   million   increase   in EECRF surcharges is offset in operation and maintenance expense.  See EECRF Filings Table above for a listing of EECRF filings impacting revenues for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   and 201  5  , as well as filings that will impact revenues for the year ended December 31, 201  6  .     

An   I  ncrease   in Other Miscellaneous Revenues     Miscellaneous revenues include disconnect/reconnect fees and other discretionary revenues for services requested by REPs, services provided on a time and materials basis, rents, energy efficiency performance bonuses approved by the PUCT and other miscellaneous revenues.      The $2 million increase includes higher discretionary services revenue.      

Wholesale transmission service     expense   increased $  68   million, or   1  1  %, to $  663   million in 201  6   due to higher fees paid to other transmission entities. 

Operation and maintenance expense     increased   $  3   million, or   1  %, to $  542   million in 201  6  .  The change included $  7   million in   higher labor related costs,   $  5   million in   higher energy efficiency program cost and $2 million in higher advanced meter expenses, partially offset by lower contractor costs of $8 million,   lower   vegetation     management costs   of $2 million and   $1 million lower regulatory amortization expense.    Operation and maintenance expense reflects fluctuations in expenses that are offset by corresponding reconcilable rate revenues, including   the     $  5   million   increase   related to the energy efficiency program   and the $2 million increase related to advanced meters   discussed   above  .  Amortization   of regulatory assets reported in operation and maintenance expense totaled   $  37   million and   $  38   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   and 201  5  , respectively. 

Depreciation and amortization     decreased   $  60   million, or   9  %, to $  593     million in 201  6  .  The   decrease   reflects $  75     million in lower amortization of regulatory assets   primarily   associated with transition bonds (with an offsetting decrease in revenues)  , partially offset by $  15     million   increase   attributed to ongoing investments in property, plant and equipment  .    

Taxes other than amounts related to income taxes     increased $2 million, or 1%, to   $  338   million in 201  6  .  The   change   in  cludes a $  4   million   increase in property taxes   and a $1 million increase in payroll taxes  , partially offset by a $3 million decrease in   local franchise fees  .   

Other income and (deductions)   net     improved   $  6   million in 201  6  .    The change primarily reflects a reduction in non-recoverable pension and OPEB costs and lower professional fees  , partially offset by lower accretion of the   transition bond   fair value adjustment related to purchase accounting.         See Note 11 to Financial Statements   for   more   details  . 

Provision in lieu of income taxes   totaled $  208   million (including a $  3   million benefit related to nonoperating income) in 201  6   compared to $  208   million (including   a    $  6   million   benefit   related to nonoperating income) in 201  5  .  The effective income tax rate on pretax income was   3  6.  9  % in 201  6   and 3  6  .  7  % in 201  5  .  The 201  6   effective income tax rate on pretax income differs from the US federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the effect of the Texas margin tax   and the filing of the 2015 partnership income tax return. 

Interest expense and related charges     increased   $  2   million, or   1  % to $  252   million in 201  6  .  The change was    d  riven by a $  8   million   increase   attributable to   higher average borrowings reflecting ongoing capital investments, partially offset by   a    $  3   million   decrease attributable   to   lower average interest rates   and a $  3   million decrease   attributable   to higher capitalized interest  . 

35   

Net income   decreased $  4   million, or   1  %, to $  355   million in 201  6  .    Revenues for the current period reflect decreased revenues due to lower consumption, primarily driven by milder winter, spring and summer weather conditions, partially offset by increases due to growth in points of delivery and increases in transmission investment.  Operating expense and interest expense were slightly higher, partially offset by lower other deductions.  

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash Flows     Nine     Months Ended   September   30  , 2016   Compared to   Nine   Months Ended   September   30  , 2015 

Cash provided by operating activities totaled $  960   million and $  1,053   million in   2016 and 2015  , respectively. The $  93   million   decrease   is   primarily   the result of   a $  139   million decrease in transmission and distribution receipts   attributable to under-recovered wholesale transmission service expense,   lower   transition bond revenue and   mild winter, spring and summer weather  ,    a   $25 million increase in prepayments, a $1  7   million increase in ca  sh   purchases of materials and supplies   and $1  3     m  illio  n   of refunds related to over-collected transition bond charges.        These items are   partially offset b  y   a   $53 million decrease in tax payments, a   $3  4   million   decrease in   storm related repairs   and an $18 million   change   in customer deposits   held.  T  he decrease in tax payment  s   is related to the recoupment of tax overpayments   made   in the prior period  .          

Cash   used in fin  ancing activities totaled $  4   million and $  166   million in   2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The $  162   million   change   primarily   reflect  s    a     decrease of   $5  53   million of debt repayments,   a decrease in distributions to our members of $  94   million  ,     an increase in short-term borrowings of $  43   million and a decrease in debt issuance costs of $  22   million  , partially offset by $  550   million   in lower   debt issuance  s  .    See Notes 6 and 8 to Financial Statements for additional information regarding long-term debt activity and distributions to our members, respectively.  

Cash used in i  nvesting activities, which consists primarily of capital expenditures, totaled $  957   million and $  873   million in   2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The 201  6   activity     reflected increases in capital expenditures for transmission and distribution facilities to serve new customers and infrastructure capital maintenance spending  , partially offset by   a    $  38   million   release of   Bondco restricted     cash due to the maturity of the final transition bonds.  This is reflected   in the Other caption under investing activities. 

Depreciation and amortization expense reported in the statements of consolidated cash flows was     $  36   million and $  33   million more than the amounts reported in the statements of consolidated income in the   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016   and 201  5  , respectively.  The differences result from amortization reported in the following different lines items in the statements of consolidated income: regulatory asset amortization (reported in operation and maintenance expense), the accretion of the adjustment (discount) to regulatory assets (reported in other income) and the amortization of debt fair value discount (reported in interest expense and related charges)  . 

Long-Term Debt Activity          Rep  ayments   of long-term debt in the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 totaled $4  1   million representing   the final   transition bond principal payment at the scheduled maturity date. 

In August 2016, we completed the sale of $175 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes maturing in April 2045 (Additional 2045 Notes).  The Additional 2045 Notes were an additional issuance of our 3.75% senior secured notes maturing in April 2045, $375 million aggregate principal amount of which were previously issued in March 2015 (2045 Notes).  The Additional 2045 Notes were issued as part of the same series as the 2045 Notes.  We used the net proceeds of approximately $185 million from the sale of the Additional 2045 Notes to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.  The Additional 2045 Notes and 2045 Notes are secured by the first priority lien and are secured equally and ratably with all of our other secured indebtedness as discussed below. 

See Note 6 to Financial Statements for additional information regarding long-term debt. 

Available Liquidity/Credit Facility         Our primary source of liquidity, aside from operating cash flows, is our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility.  At   September     30  , 2016, we had a $2.0 billion secured  

36   

revolving credit facility.    In October 2016, we exercised the second of two one-year extensions available to us and extended the term of the revolving credit facility to October 2018.    Subject to the limitations described below, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility totaled $  1.113     b  illion and $1.153 billion at   September   30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    We may request an increase in our borrowing   capacity of $100 million in the aggregate provided certain conditions are met, including lender approval. 

The revolving credit facility contains a senior debt-to-capitalization ratio covenant that effectively limits our ability to incur indebtedness in the future.  At   September   30  , 2016  , we were in compliance with the covenant.  See    Financial Covenants, Credit Rating Provisions and Cross Default Provisions    below for additional information on this covenant and the calculation of this ratio.        The revolving credit facility and the senior notes and debentures issued by us are secured by the Deed of Trust, which permits us to secure other indebtedness with the lien of the Deed of Trust up to the aggregate of (i) the amount of available bond credits, and (ii) 85% of the lower of the fair value or cost of certain property additions that have been certified to the Deed of Trust collateral agent.  Accordingly, the availability under our revolving credit facility is limited by the amount of available bond credits and any property additions certified to the Deed of Trust collateral agent in connection with the revolving credit facility borrowings.        To the extent we continue to issue debt securities secured by the Deed of Trust, those debt securities would also be limited by the amount of available bond credits and any property additions that have been certified to the Deed of Trust collateral agent.  At   September   30  , 2016  , the available bond credits   totaled $2.  534   billion, and the amount of additional potential indebtedness that could be secured by property additions, subject to the completion of a certification process, totaled $1.  5  86   billion.  At   September   30  , 2016  , the available borrowing capacity of the revolving credit facility could be fully drawn. 

Under the terms of our revolving credit facility, the commitments of the lenders to make loans to us are several and not joint.  Accordingly, if any lender fails to make loans to us, our available liquidity could be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender s commitments under the facility.  See Note 5 to Financial Statements for additional information regarding the revolving credit facility. 

Cash and cash equivalents totaled $  24   million and $  25   million at   September   30  , 2016   and   December   31,   2015  , respectively.    Available liquidity (cash and available revolving credit facility capacity) at   September   30  , 2016   totaled $  1.137     b  illion  ,   reflecting   a    decrease   of $  4  1   million from December 31,   2015  .    The decrease reflects the ongoing capital investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure.          

We also committed to the PUCT that we would maintain a regulatory capital structure at or below the assumed debt-to-equity ratio established periodically by the PUCT for ratemaking purposes, which is currently set at 60% debt to 40% equity.  At   September   30  , 2016   and   December   31,   2015  , our regulatory capitalization ratios were   59  .  6  % debt   to     40  .  4  % equity     and   5  9  .8% debt   to    4  0  .2% equity, respectively  .  See Note 8 to Financial Statements for discussion of the regulatory capitalization ratio. 

Liquidity Needs, Including   Capital Expenditures         Our board of directors, which annually approves capital expenditure estimates for the following year, has approved capital expenditures   totaling $1.  5   billion in 201  7  .        Management   currently expects to recommend to our board of directors capital expenditures of approximately   $1.  6   billion in   e  ach of the years     201  8   through 202  1  .  These capital expenditures are expected to be used for investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure  . 

We expect cash flows from operations, combined with availability under the revolving credit facility, to provide sufficient liquidity to fund current obligations, projected working capital requirements, maturities of long-term debt and capital spending for at least the next twelve months.  We do not anticipate the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings to have a material impact on our liquidity.  Should additional liquidity or capital requirements arise, we may need to access capital markets, generate equity capital or preserve equity through reductions or suspension of distributions to members.  In addition, we may also consider new debt issuances, repurchases, exchange offers and other transactions in order to refinance or manage our long-term debt.  The inability to raise capital on favorable terms or failure of counterparties to perform under credit or other financial agreements, particularly during any uncertainty in the financial markets, could impact our ability to sustain and grow the business and would likely increase capital costs that may not be recoverable through rates. 

37   

Distribution  s     On   October   26  , 201  6  , our board of directors declared a cash distribution of $  41   million,   which was   paid to our members   on October 27,   201  6  .    Du  ring the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, our board of directors declared and we paid the following cash distributions to our members:   

See Note 8 to Financial Statements for discussion of the distribution restriction. 

Pension and OPEB Plan Funding     Our funding for the pension plans and the   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan   in   the calendar year 201  6   is expected to total $  4   million and $  3  8   million, respectively.  In the   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016  , we made cash contributions to the pension plans and the   Oncor   OPEB   P  lan of   $  3   million and     $  22   million, respectively. 

Financial Covenants, Credit Rating Provisions and Cross Default Provisions         Our   revolving credit facility contains a financial covenant that requires maintenance of a consolidated senior debt-to-capitalization ratio of no greater than 0.65 to 1.00.  For purposes of this ratio, debt is calculated as indebtedness defined in the revolving credit facility (principally, the sum of long-term debt, any capital   lease  s, short-term debt and debt due currently in accordance with GAAP).    The debt calculation excludes any outstanding transition bonds issued by Bondco, but includes any unamortized fair value discount related to Bondco.    Capitalization is calculated as membership interests determined in accordance with GAAP plus indebtedness described above.  At   September   30  , 2016  , we were in compliance with this covenant. 

Impact on Liquidity of Credit Ratings     The rating agencies assign credit ratings to certain of our debt securities.  Our access to capital markets and cost of debt could be directly affected by our credit ratings.  Any adverse action with respect to our credit ratings could generally cause borrowing costs to increase and the potential pool of investors and funding sources to decrease.  In particular, a decline in credit ratings would increase the cost of our revolving credit facility (as discussed below).  In the event any adverse action with respect to our credit ratings takes place and causes borrowing costs to increase, we may not be able to recover such increased costs if they exceed our PUCT-approved cost of debt determined in our most recent rate review or subsequent rate reviews. 

Most of our large suppliers and counterparties require an expected level of creditworthiness in order for them to enter into transactions with us.  If our credit ratings decline, the costs to operate our business could increase because counterparties could require the posting of collateral in the form of cash-related instruments, or counterparties could decline to do business with us. 

In July 2016, Moody s upgraded our senior secured rating to A3 from Baa1 and changed our outlook to  rating under review for further upgrade  from  positive .  In August 2016, Fitch changed our outlook to  rating watch positive  from  stable  and S P revised its outlook to  positive  from  developing .  These rating actions follow the July 29, 2016 announcement that NEE and EFH Corp. had entered into the NEE Merger Agreement (see Note 2 to Financial Statements for information regarding the NEE Merger Agreement and the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings).       

Presented below are the credit ratings assigned for our debt   securities at   November 1  , 201  6  .       

Senior Secured  

S P  

A  

Moody s  

A3  

Fitch  

BBB+  

38   

As described in Note 7 to Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K, o  ur long-term debt, excluding   any    Bondco   related   non-recourse debt, is currently secured pursuant to the Deed of Trust by a first priority lien on certain of our transmission and distribution assets and is   considered senior secured debt. 

A rating reflects only the view of a rating agency, and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.  Ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change. 

Material Credit Rating Covenants       Our revolving credit facility contains terms pursuant to which the interest rates charged under the agreement may be adjusted depending on credit ratings.  Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at per annum rates equal to, at our option, (i)   LIBOR plus a spread ranging from   1.00% to 1.75% depending on credit ratings assigned to our senior secured non-credit enhanced long-term debt or (ii) an alternate base rate (the highest of (1) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and (3) daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus a spread ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% depending on credit ratings assigned to our senior secured non-credit enhanced long-term debt.  Based on the current ratings assigned to our debt securities at   November 1  , 201  6  , our borrowings are generally LIBOR-based and will bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.  00  %.  A decline in credit ratings would increase the cost of our revolving credit facility and likely increase the cost of any debt issuances and additional credit facilities. 

Material Cross Default Provisions       Certain financing arrangements contain provisions that may result in an event of default if there was a failure under other financing arrangements to meet payment terms or to observe other covenants that could result in an acceleration of payments due.  Such provisions are referred to as  cross default  provisions. 

Under our revolving credit facility, a default by us in respect of indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of $100 million or any judgments for the payment of money in excess of $50 million that are not discharged within 60 days   may cause the maturity of outstanding balances   (  $  880     m  illion in short-term borrowings and $7 million in letters of credit at   September   30  , 2016  ) under that facility to be accelerated.  Additionally, under the Deed of Trust, an event of default under either our revolving credit facility or our indentures would permit our lenders and the holders of our senior secured notes to exercise their remedies under the Deed of Trust. 

Guarantees       At   September   30  , 2016  , we did not have any material guarantees. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

At   September   30  , 2016  , we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements with special purpose entities or variable interest entities. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

See Note   7   to Financial Statements for d  iscussion   of commitments and contingencies. 

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

See Note 1 to Financial Statements for discussion of changes in accounting standards  . 

REGULATION AND RATES 

Matters with the PUCT 

Change in Control Review (PUCT Docket No. 45188  )     -    In September 2015, Oncor and the Hunt Investor Group filed in PUCT Docket No. 45188 a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization.  On March 24, 2016, the PUCT issued an order conditionally approving the joint application.  On April 18, 2016, the Hunt Investor Group and certain interveners in PUCT Docket No. 45188 filed motions for rehearing and on May 19, 2016, the PUCT denied such motions and the order became final.  The Hunt Investor Group filed a petition with the Travis County  

39   

District Court on June 17, 2016 seeking review of the order.  We cannot predict the results of the review or the ultimate disposition of PUCT Docket No. 45188, particularly in light of the termination of the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization and the other pending transactions discussed in Note 2 to Financial Statements.  For additional information regarding the Sixth Amended Plan of Reorganization and application for regulatory approval, see Note 2 to Financial Statements and  City Rate Reviews  below. 

Change in Control Review (PUCT Docket No. 46238)     -    The NEE Merger Agreement contemplates that Oncor   and   NEE file a joint application with the PUCT seeking certain regulatory approvals with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Amended New Plan.  On October 31, 2016, Oncor   and   NEE filed that joint application in PUCT Docket No. 46238. For additional information regarding the Amended New Plan and application for regulatory approval, see Note 2 to Financial Statements. 

City Rate Reviews    -     Oncor has received resolutions passed by approximately 58 cities with original jurisdiction over electric utility rates directing Oncor to file rate review proceedings.  The resolutions passed required Oncor to file a rate review with each city by September 1, 2016 based on a January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 test year  .     However, Oncor has subsequently been notified by counsel representing these cities that these rate review proceedings have been abated indefinitely, pending resolution of Oncor ownership issues. The notice provides that if and when the cities desire to proceed with a rate inquiry, cities will notify Oncor in writing and inform Oncor of a precise date of the rate case, which will be at least 120 days from receipt of the communication that lifts the abatement. 

2008 Rate Review (PUCT Docket No. 35717)   -   In August 2009, the PUCT issued a final order with respect to our June 2008 rate review filing with the PUCT and 204 cities based on a test year ended December 31, 2007 (PUCT Docket No. 35717), and new rates were implemented in September 2009.  We and four other parties appealed various portions of the rate review final order to a state district court.  In January 2011, the district court signed its judgment reversing the PUCT with respect to two issues: the PUCT s disallowance of certain franchise fees and the PUCT s decision that PURA no longer requires imposition of a rate discount for state colleges and universities.  We filed an appeal with the Texas Third Court of Appeals (Austin Court of Appeals) in February 2011 with respect to the issues we appealed to the district court and did not prevail upon, as well as the district court s decision to reverse the PUCT with respect to discounts for state colleges and universities.  In early August 2014, the Austin Court of Appeals reversed the district court and affirmed the PUCT with respect to the PUCT s disallowance of certain franchise fees and the PUCT s decision that PURA no longer requires imposition of a rate discount for state colleges and universities.  The Austin Court of Appeals also reversed the PUCT and district court s rejection of a proposed consolidated tax savings adjustment arising out of EFH Corp. s ability to offset our taxable income against losses from other investments and remanded the issue to the PUCT to determine the amount of the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  In late August 2014, we filed a motion on rehearing with the Austin Court of Appeals with respect to certain appeal issues on which we were not successful, including the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  In December 2014, the Austin Court of Appeals issued its opinion, clarifying that it was rendering judgment on the rate discount for state colleges and universities issue (affirming that PURA no longer requires imposition of the rate discount) rather than remanding it to the PUCT, and dismissing the motions for rehearing regarding the franchise fee issue   and the consolidated tax savings adjustment.  We filed a petition for review with the Texas Supreme Court in February 2015.    T  he Texas Supreme Court granted the petition for review   and   heard   oral arguments   in     September 2016  .  There is no deadline for the court to act.  If our appeals efforts are unsuccessful and the proposed consolidated tax savings adjustment   is implemented, we estimate that on remand, the impact on earnings of the consolidated tax savings adjustment s value could range from zero, as originally determined by the PUCT in Docket 35717, to a $135 million loss (after tax) including interest. Interest accrues at the PUCT approved rate for over-collections, which is 0.18% for 2016. We do not believe that any of the other issues ruled upon by the Austin Court of Appeals would result in a material impact to our results of operations or financial condition. 

Summary 

We cannot predict future regulatory or legislative actions or any changes in economic and securities market conditions.  Such actions or changes could significantly alter our basic financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

40   

ITEM 3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk 

Market risk is the risk that we may experience a loss in value as a result of changes in market conditions such as interest rates that may be experienced in the ordinary course of business.  We may transact in financial instruments to hedge interest rate risk related to our debt, but there are currently no such hedges in place.  All of our long-term debt at   September   30  , 2016     and December 31,   2015   carried fixed interest rates. 

Except as discussed below, the information required hereunder is not significantly different from the information set forth in  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our   2015   Form 10-K and is therefore not presented herein. 

Credit Risk 

Credit risk relates to the risk of loss associated with nonperformance by counterparties.  Our customers consist primarily of REPs.  As a prerequisite for obtaining and maintaining certification, a REP must meet the financial resource standards established by the PUCT.  Meeting these standards does not guarantee that a REP will be able to perform its obligations.  REP certificates granted by the PUCT are subject to suspension and revocation for significant violation of PURA and PUCT rules.  Significant violations include failure to timely remit payments for invoiced charges to a transmission and distribution utility pursuant to the terms of tariffs approved by the PUCT.  We believe PUCT rules that allow for the recovery of uncollectible amounts due from nonaffiliated REPs through rates significantly reduce our credit risk. 

Our net exposure to credit risk associated with trade accounts   and other   receivable  s   from affiliates totaled $  1  4  6   million at   September   30  , 2016  ,    of which $  3     million   has been offset with trade accounts and other payables  .    Our credit risk exposure associated with receivables from members related to income taxes totaled $  9  2   million at   September   30  , 2016.    Due to commitments made to the PUCT, this concentration of accounts receivable from affiliates increases the risk that a default could have a material effect on earnings and cash flows.  See Notes 2, 7 and 10 to Financial Statements for additional information regarding the potential impacts of the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings on our transactions with affiliates and for additional information regarding our transactions involving members of the Texas Holdings Group   and the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off.  As a result of the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off, Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries, including Luminant and TXU Energy, ceased to be affiliates of ours as of October 3, 2016. 

Our exposure to credit risk associated with   trade   accounts receivable from nonaffiliates totaled $  4  54   million at   September   30  , 2016  .  The nonaffiliated receivable amount is before the allowance for uncollectible accounts, which totaled $  4   million at   September   30  , 2016  .  The nonaffiliated exposure includes trade accounts receivable from REPs   totaling $  3  49   million  , which are almost entirely noninvestment grade.  At   September   30  , 2016  , REP subsidiaries   of     NRG Energy, Inc., a nonaffiliated entity   collectively represented approximately 1  7  % of the nonaffiliated trade receivable amount.  No   single   other nonaffiliated part  y   represented 10% or more of the total trade accounts receivable amount.  We view our exposure to this customer to be within an acceptable level of risk tolerance considering PUCT rules and regulations; however, this concentration increases the risk that a default could have a material effect on cash flows.     

41   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report and other presentations made by us contain  forward-looking statements.   All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that are included in this report, or made in presentations, in response to questions or otherwise, that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate to occur in the future, including such matters as projections, capital allocation, future capital expenditures, business strategy, competitive strengths, goals, future acquisitions or dispositions, development or operation of facilities, market and industry developments and the growth of our business and operations (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as  intends,   plans,   will likely result,   are expected to,   will continue,   is anticipated,   estimated,   should,   projection,   target,   goal,   objective  and  outlook ), are forward-looking statements.  Although we believe that in making any such forward-looking statement our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the discussion of risk factors under  Item 1A.  Risk Factors        and  Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our   2015   Form 10-K,  Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this report   and the following important factors, among others, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements: 

prevailing governmental policies and regulatory actions, including those of the US Congress, the Texas Legislature, the Governor of Texas, the US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the PUCT, the North American Energy Regulatory Corporation, the Texas Reliability Entity, Inc., the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality,   with respect to:     

- 

allowed rate of return;     

- 

permitted capital structure;     

- 

industry, market and rate structure;     

- 

recovery of investments;     

- 

acquisition and disposal of assets and facilities;     

- 

operation and construction of facilities;     

- 

changes in tax laws and policies, and     

- 

changes in and compliance with environmental, reliability and safety laws and policies;     

legal and administrative proceedings and settlements, including the exercise of equitable powers by courts;     

any impacts on us as a result of the EFH Bankruptcy Proceedings and the change in indirect ownership of Oncor proposed in such proceedings;     

weather conditions and other natural phenomena;     

acts of sabotage, wars or terrorist or cyber security threats or activities;     

economic conditions, including the impact of a recessionary environment;     

unanticipated population growth or decline, or changes in market demand and demographic patterns, particularly in ERCOT;     

changes in business strategy, development plans or vendor relationships;     

unanticipated changes in interest rates or rates of inflation;     

unanticipated changes in operating expenses, liquidity needs and capital expenditures;     

inability of various counterparties to meet their financial obligations to us, including failure of counterparties to perform under agreements;     

general industry trends;     

hazards customary to the industry and the possibility that we may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards;     

changes in technology used by and services offered by us;     

significant changes in our relationship with our employees, including the availability of qualified personnel, and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievances were to occur;     

changes in assumptions used to estimate costs of providing employee benefits, including pension and OPEB, and future funding requirements related thereto;     

significant changes in critical accounting policies material to us;     

42   

commercial bank and financial market conditions, access to capital, the cost of such capital, and the results of financing and refinancing efforts, including availability of funds in the capital markets and the potential impact of disruptions in US credit markets;     

circumstances which may contribute to future impairment of goodwill, intangible or other long-lived assets;     

financial restrictions under our revolving credit facility and indentures governing our debt instruments;     

our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make interest payments on our debt instruments;     

actions by credit rating agencies, and      

our ability to effectively execute our operational strategy.     

Any forward-looking statement speaks only at the date on which it is made, and, except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them; nor can we assess the impact of each such factor or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.  As such, you should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. 

ITEM 4.       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures in effect at the end of the current period included in this quarterly report.  Based on the evaluation performed, our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective.      During the most recent fiscal quarter covered by this report, no changes in internal controls over financial reporting   have occurred that   have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

43   

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Reference is made to the discussion in Notes 3 and 7 to Financial Statements regarding legal and regulatory proceedings. 

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS 

There are numerous factors that affect our business and results of operations, many of which are beyond our control.  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, including  Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  you should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our   2015   Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results.  The risks described in such reports are not the only risks we face. 

ITEM 2.   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

44   

ITEM 6.         EXHIBITS 

(a)   Exhibits provided as part of Part II are:  

Exhibits  

Previously Filed*  

As  

With File Number  

Exhibit  

(4)  

Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures.  

4(a)  

333-100240 Form 8-K (filed August 24, 2016)  

4.1  

Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 18, 2016, among Oncor and the representatives of the initial purchasers of Oncor s additional issuance of 3.750% Senior Secured Notes due 2045  .  

(31)  

Rule 13a   14(a)/15d   14(a) Certifications.  

31(a)  

Certification of Robert S. Shapard, chief executive of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31(b)  

Certification of David M. Davis, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(32)  

Section 1350 Certifications.  

32(a)  

Certification of Robert S. Shapard, chief executive of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32(b)  

Certification of David M. Davis, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(99)  

Additional Exhibits.  

99(a)  

333-100240 Form 8-K (filed August 10, 2016)  

99.1  

Letter Agreement, dated August   4  , 2016, by and among NextEra Energy, Inc., EFH Merger Co., LLC, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC and Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC.  

99(b)  

Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income   Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2016.  

45   

XBRL Data Files.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

__________________ 

*   Incorporated herein by reference. 

46   

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

!!  

By:  

/s/ David M. Davis  

David M. Davis  

Senior   Vice President and  
					 
						 Chief   Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer and  
					 
						 Duly Authorized Officer)  

Date:    November 1  , 201  6 

47   

E  XHIBIT   INDEX 

(a)   Exhibits provided as part of Part II are: 

48   

XBRL Data Files.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

__________________ 

*   Incorporated herein by reference.    

49   

<EX-31.A>
 2
 c311-20160930xex31_a.htm
 EX-31.A

EX-31.A

Exhibit 31(a) 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

Certificate   of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert S. Shapard, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on Form   10-  Q     of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this repor  t based on such evaluation; and 

d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and re  port financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal co  ntrol over financial reporting.     

Date:    November 1  , 201  6  

/s/ Robert S. Shapard  

Name  :  

Robert S. Shapard  

Title  :  

Chief Executive  

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 c311-20160930xex31_b.htm
 EX-31.B

EX-31.B

Exhibit 31(b) 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

Certificate   of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002 

I,   David M. Davis,   certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on Form   10-  Q   of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated   subsidiary  , is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and re  port financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal co  ntrol over financial reporting.     

Date:    November 1  , 201  6  

/s/ David M. Davis  

Nam  e:  

David M. Davis  

Title  :  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 4
 c311-20160930xex32_a.htm
 EX-32.A

EX-32.A

Exhibit 32(a) 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

Certificate   of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906     of Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, Robert S. Shapard,   Chief Executive   of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. 

The Company s   Quarterly     Report on Form 10-  Q   for the period ended   September   30  , 201  6   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and     

2. 

Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this   1  st   day of   November     2  01  6  . 

/s/ Robert S. Shapard  

Name:  

Robert S. Shapard  

Title:  

Chief Executive  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and will be retained by Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 5
 c311-20160930xex32_b.htm
 EX-32.B

EX-32.B

Exhibit 32(b) 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

Certificate   of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906     of Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, David M. Davis, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. 

The Company s   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   for the period ended   September   30  , 201  6   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      

2. 

Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this   1  st   day of   November  ,   201  6  . 

/s/ David M. Davis  

Name:  

David M. Davis  

Title:  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and will be retained by Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-99>
 6
 c311-20160930xex99.htm
 EX-99

EX-99

E  xhibit   99 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED   I  NCOME 

(Unaudited) 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 c311-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 c311-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 c311-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 c311-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 c311-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 c311-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

