<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-K_edgar_data_720762_0001493152-16-014232_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3351621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211268</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>183842</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>955861</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1088510</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>812675</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014232.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024220036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014232
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NON INVASIVE MONITORING SYSTEMS INC /FL/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720762
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				592007840
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13176
		FILM NUMBER:		161949165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1840 W AVE
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055343694

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1840 WEST AVE
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33140

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIRDFINDER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014232.txt : 20161025

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES    

    SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
DC. 20549   

FORM
10-K    

(Mark
One)  

Commission
File Number   000-13176    

NON-INVASIVE
    MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Florida   
         
       59-2007840    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:   (305) 575-4200    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:   None    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  

Common
stock, $0.01 par value per share   

  (Title
of Class)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes
[  ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 month (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]  
      Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]  
       Smaller
    reporting company  [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes[  ] No [X]  

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of September 25, 2016 was: $9.2 million.  

As
of October 17, 2016 there were 79,007,423 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value outstanding.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None   

Non-Invasive
Monitoring Systems, INC.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS FOR FORM 10-K  

PART
    I    

4    

Item
    1.  
       Business.   
         
      4   

Item
    1A.  
       Risk
    Factors.   
         
      11   

Item
    2.  
       Properties.   
         
      17   

Item
    3.  
       Legal
    Proceedings.   
         
      17    

Item
    4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures.   
         
      17    

PART
    II    

18    

Item
    5.  
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
         
      18   

Item
    6.  
       Selected
    Financial Data.   
         
      18   

Item
    7.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
         
      19   

Item
    7A.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
         
      22   

Item
    8.  
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.   
         
      23   

Item
    9.  
       Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
         
      41   

Item
    9A(T).  
       Controls
    and Procedures.   
         
      41   

Item
    9B.  
       Other
    Information.   
         
      41   

PART
    III    

42    

Item
    10.  
       Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
         
      42   

Item
    11.  
       Executive
    Compensation.   
         
      45   

Item
    12.  
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
         
      46   

Item
    13.  
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
         
      48   

Item
    14.  
       Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services.   
         
      51   

PART
    IV    

52    

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules   
         
      52   

SIGNATURES    
         
       53    

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements about our expectations,
beliefs or intentions regarding, among other things, our product development and commercialization efforts, business, financial
condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that these
statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or
expected events, activities, trends or results as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters
that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause
our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results described in forward-looking statements.
These factors include those set forth below as well as those contained in  Item 1A - Risk Factors  of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We do not undertake
any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. These forward-looking statements reflect
our views only as of the date they are made with respect to future events and financial performance.  

Risks
and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business, include the following:  

We
    have a history of operating losses, we do not expect to become profitable in the near future and absent a significant increase
    in revenue or additional equity or debt financing, we may be unable to continue as a going concern.   

We
    will require additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.   

We
    terminated the Product and Supply Agreement with Sing Lin and may potentially be obligated to pay amounts under the agreement.   

We
    rely on third parties to manufacture and supply our products, and we presently have no agreement with any third party to manufacture
    and supply our products.   

The
    continued worldwide economic crisis and concurrent market instability may materially and adversely affect the demand for our
    products, as well as our ability to obtain credit or secure funds through sales of our stock, which may materially and adversely
    affect our business, financial condition and ability to fund our operations.   

Healthcare
    policy changes, including reforms to the U.S. healthcare system, may have a material adverse effect on us.   

Our
    Exer-Rest device does not have a unique Medicare Reimbursement CPT Code.   

The
    terms of clearances or approvals and ongoing regulation of our products may limit how we manufacture and market our products,
    which could materially impair our ability to generate anticipated revenues.   

Our
    competitors may develop and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than our products, negatively
    impacting our commercial opportunities.   

If
    we are unable to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products, our business could be materially harmed.   

If
    we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and
    products could be adversely affected.   

Our
    commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights
    of third parties.   

If
    we become involved in patent litigation or other proceedings related to a determination of rights, we could incur substantial
    costs and expenses, substantial liability for damages or be required to stop our product development and commercialization
    efforts.   

Failure
    to obtain regulatory approval outside the United States will prevent us from marketing our products abroad.   

Non-U.S.
    governments often impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our future profitability.   

Our
    business is subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations.   

We
    do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.   

Because
    our common stock is a  penny stock,  it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our Common Stock,
    and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.   

Our
    stock price has been volatile and there may not be an active, liquid trading market for our common stock.   

Our
    quarterly results of operations will fluctuate, and these fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline.   

Shareholders
    may experience dilution of ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock and
    our preferred stock.   

*
* * * *  

PART
I  

Item
1. Business.  

General  

Non-Invasive
Monitoring Systems, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the  Company,   NIMS,   we, 
 us  or  our ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on July 16, 1980. The Company s
offices are located at 4400 Biscayne Boulevard, Miami, Florida, 33137 and its telephone number is (305) 575-4200. The Company s
primary business is the research, development, manufacture and marketing of a line of motorized, non-invasive, whole body, periodic
acceleration platforms, which are intended as aids to increase local circulation and temporary relief of minor aches and pains,
produce local muscle relaxation and reduce morning stiffness. Our current products are derivatives of our original acceleration
platform, the AT-101 (described below), and are intended for use in homes, wellness and fitness centers, healthcare providers
offices and clinics, nursing homes, assisted living facilities, sports facilities and hospitals.  

Company
Overview  

Prior
to 2002, our primary business was the development of computer-assisted, non-invasive diagnostic monitoring devices and related
software designed to detect abnormal respiratory, cardiac and other medical conditions from sensors placed externally on the body s
surface.  

In
2002, we began focusing on the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of non-invasive, motorized, whole body
periodic acceleration ( WBPA ) platforms. These therapeutic acceleration platforms are intended as aids to temporarily
increase local circulation for temporary relief of minor aches and pains, produce local muscle relaxation and reduce morning stiffness.
Our first such platform, the AT-101, was initially registered with the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA )
as a Class 1 (exempt) powered exercise device and was sold to physicians and their patients. In January 2005, the FDA disagreed
with our device classification, and requested that we cease commercial sales and marketing of the AT-101 until we received clearance
from the FDA to market the device following submission of a 510(k) application incorporating appropriate clinical trial data.
Accordingly, we ceased our commercial sales and marketing of therapeutic platforms in 2005.  

In
January 2005, we began development of a less costly and more efficient second generation version of the AT-101, the Exer-Rest  
 (now designated the Exer-Rest AT). In January 2008, we received ISO 13485 certification for Canada, the United Kingdom and
Europe from SGS United Kingdom Ltd., the world s leading verification and certification body. We did not renew our ISO certification
in 2016. In addition, the Exer-Rest AT acceleration therapeutic platform (Class IIa) was awarded CE0120 certification, which requires
several safety-related conformity tests, including clinical assessment for safety and effectiveness. The CE0120 certification
is often referred to as a  passport  that allows manufacturers from anywhere in the world to sell their goods throughout
the European market, as well as in many other countries. Prior to obtaining FDA registration for the sale of our therapeutic acceleration
platforms in the United States, we marketed and sold the Exer-Rest AT platforms in the United Kingdom, Canada, India and Latin
America.  

We
entered into a product development and supply agreement with Sing Lin Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sing Lin ) of Taichung,
Taiwan on September 4, 2007. Under this agreement, Sing Lin began manufacturing the third generation versions of our patented
Exer-Rest motorized platforms (designated the Exer-Rest AT3800 and the Exer-Rest AT4700). We filed a 510(k) premarket notification
submission with the FDA in October 2008 for approval to market the Exer-Rest line of platforms in the United States. The submission
included 23 investigational and clinical studies on the vasodilatation properties of WBPA, as well as a controlled, four week
clinical trial in a group of patients with chronic aches and pains carried out at the Center of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics
at the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. The submission supported Exer-Rest safety and efficacy for the intended uses
as an aid to temporarily increase local circulation, to provide temporary relief of minor aches and pains and to provide local
muscle relaxation. The FDA informed us in January 2009 that the full Exer-Rest line of products would be registered as Class I
(Exempt) Medical Devices as described in the Company s 510(k) premarket notification submission, at which time we commenced
marketing the Exer-Rest in the United States. In June 2009, the FDA notified us that the additional intended use of the Exer-Rest
as an aid to reduce morning stiffness would be added to the Exer-Rest s FDA registration. We have historically marketed
and sold our Exer-Rest devices in the United States, Canada, the UK, India, Mexico, the Middle East, the Far East and Latin America.
Prior to the termination of our development and supply agreement with them, Sing Lin marketed and sold the Exer-Rest exclusively
in certain Asian markets.  

Market
Opportunities  

More
than thirty peer reviewed scientific publications attest to the benefits of WBPA in animal and human research investigations.
According to those studies, the application of this WBPA technology provides objective benefits in patients with angina pectoris
and increases the blood supply to the heart muscle in both healthy individuals and patients with heart disease. These findings
are not claimed as an intended use of the device for marketing purposes, but demonstrate a potential mechanism for its benefits.
We believe the market for our products is driven by, among other factors:  

the
    aging population;   

the
    increasing number of elderly persons reporting chronic ailments;   

an
    increased awareness of the benefits of exercise, particularly as a form of prevention;   

an
    increasing portion of the population that is incapable of performing traditional exercise; and   

the
    expanding body of research connecting the body s reduction of inflammation and improved transmission of neural impulses.   

Our
products are designed for use by people who are unable or unwilling to exercise or for whom exercise is contraindicated. We market
the Exer-Rest line of platforms for the intended uses of temporarily increasing local circulation, temporarily relieving minor
aches and pains, providing local muscle relaxation and as an aid to reduce morning stiffness. These symptoms are frequently reported
by individuals with chronic cardiovascular, neurological or musculoskeletal conditions, although we do not claim that the Exer-Rest
is intended to treat these conditions.  

Products  

Whole
Body Periodic Acceleration ( WBPA ) Therapeutic Devices    

The
original AT-101 was a comfortable gurney-styled device that provided movement of a platform repetitively in a head-to-foot motion
at a rapid pace. Sales of the AT-101 commenced in October 2002 in Japan and in February 2003 in the United States. QTM Incorporated
( QTM ), an FDA registered manufacturer located in Oldsmar, Florida, manufactured the device, which was built in accordance
with ISO and Good Manufacturing Practices. As discussed above, we ceased manufacturing and selling the AT-101 in the United States
in January 2005 as we began development of the Exer-Rest AT. We continued selling our existing inventory of AT-101 devices overseas
until the Exer-Rest AT became available in October 2007, at which time we discontinued marketing of the AT-101.  

The
Exer-Rest AT is based upon the design and concept of the AT-101, but has the dimensions and appearance of a commercial extra long
twin bed. The Exer-Rest AT, which was also manufactured by QTM until we stopped production in July 2009, weighs about half as
much as the AT-101, has a much more efficient and less costly drive mechanism, has a much lower selling price than did the AT-101
and is designed such that the user can utilize and operate it without assistance. The wired hand held controller provides digital
values for speed, travel and time, rather than analog values for speed and arbitrary force values as in the AT-101. Sales of the
Exer-Rest AT began outside the United States in October 2007 and in the United States in February 2009. We discontinued manufacturing
of the Exer-Rest AT in July 2009, and we expect to utilize our remaining inventory of these units primarily for research purposes.  

The
Exer-Rest AT3800 and Exer-Rest AT4700, which were manufactured for us by Sing Lin prior to the termination of our agreement with
them, are next generation versions of the Exer-Rest AT and further advance the acceleration therapeutic platform technology. The
AT3800 (38  wide) and AT4700 (47  wide) models combine improved drive technology for quieter operation, a more comfortable
 memory-foam  mattress, more convenient operation with a multi-function wireless remote and a more streamlined look
to improve the WBPA experience. Sales of the Exer-Rest AT3800 and Exer-Rest AT4700 platforms began outside the United States in
October 2008, and U.S. sales commenced in February 2009.  

LifeShirt      

The
LifeShirt is a patented Wearable Physiological Computer that incorporates transducers, electrodes and sensors into a sleeveless
garment. These sensors transmit vital and physiological signs to a miniaturized, battery-powered, electronic module which saves
the raw waveforms and digital data to the compact flash memory of a Personal Digital Assistant ( PDA ) attached to
the LifeShirt. Users of the LifeShirt can enter symptoms (with intensity), mood and medication information directly into the PDA
for integration with the physiologic information collected by the LifeShirt garment. The flash memory can then be removed from
the LifeShirt and the data uploaded and converted into minute-by-minute median trends of more than 30 physical and emotional signs
of health and disease. Vital and physiological signs can therefore be obtained non-invasively, continuously, cheaply and reliably
with the comfortably worn LifeShirt garment system while resting, exercising, working or sleeping. The LifeShirt was sold exclusively
by VivoMetrics, but has not been marketed since VivoMetrics ceased operations in July 2009. Pursuant to VivoMetrics  approved
bankruptcy plan of reorganization, our license with VivoMetrics was assigned to another company; however, there can be no assurance
as to the future amount of LifeShirt sales, if any, that may result from this license. We periodically contact the current owner
of the license for progress updates.  

Intellectual
Property  

We
currently hold five United States patents with respect to both overall design and specific features of our present and proposed
products, with corresponding foreign patents issued or pending in multiple jurisdictions. No assurance can be given as to the
scope of protection afforded by any patent issued, whether patents will be issued with respect to any pending or future patent
application, that patents issued will not be designed around, infringed or successfully challenged by others, that we will have
sufficient resources to enforce any proprietary protection afforded by our patents or that our technology will not infringe on
patents held by others. We believe that in the event our patent protection is materially impaired, a material adverse effect on
our present and proposed business could result. The following table lists our patents, along with their expiration dates (each
of which is 20 years from the filing date):  

US
    Patent            
      Inventors       
      Title       
      Expiration
    Date   
 
      7,404,221            
      Sackner,
    Marvin A.       
      Reciprocating movement platform
    for the external addition of pulses to the fluid channels of a subject          
      August
    4, 2028   

7,228,576            
       Inman,
                                         D. Michael;  
                                                        Sackner,
                                         Marvin A.        
      Reciprocating movement platform for
    the addition of pulses of the fluid channels of a subject          
      June 12, 2027   

7,111,346            
       Inman,
                                         D. Michael;  
                                                        Sackner,
                                         Marvin A.        
      Reciprocating movement platform for
    the addition of pulses of the fluid channels of a subject          
      May 15, 2023   

7,090,648            
       Sackner,
                                         Marvin A.;  
                                   Inman,
                                 D. Michael        
      External addition of pulses to fluid
    channels of body to release or suppress endothelial mediators and to determine effectiveness of such intervention          
      September 28, 2021   

6,155,976            
       Sackner,
                                         Marvin A.;  
                                   Inman,
                                 D. Michael;  
                                   Meichner,
                                 William J.           
      Reciprocating movement platform for
    shifting subject to and fro in headwards-footwards direction          
      May 24, 2019   

With
respect to our present and potential product line, we have six trademarks and trade names which are registered in the United States
and in several foreign countries, including our principal trademark,  Exer-Rest .  

Research
and Development  

Our
strategy is to develop a portfolio of non-invasive products through a combination of internal development and collaborations with
external partners. We have historically sponsored or monitored research investigating the effectiveness of WBPA in chronic heart
failure, mild traumatic brain injury, acute myocardial infarction, Parkinson s disease, peripheral vascular disease and
lymphedema.  

Competition  

We
compete with several entities that market, sell or distribute therapeutic devices that are registered with the FDA as powered
exercise devices, or therapeutic vibrators. These include Power Plate of North America, Vibraflex and CERAGEM International, Inc.,
all of which are larger than we are, have longer operating histories and have financial and personnel resources far greater than
ours. We believe that we essentially compete with such competitors based upon the uniqueness of our products and our product differentiation
on the basis of intended uses and operation.  

Government
Regulation of our Medical Device Development and Distribution Activities  

Healthcare
is heavily regulated by the federal government and by state and local governments. The federal laws and regulations affecting
healthcare change constantly thereby increasing the uncertainty and risk associated with any healthcare-related venture.  

The
federal government regulates healthcare through various agencies, including but not limited to the following: (i) the FDA which
administers the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( FD C Act ), as well as other relevant laws; (ii) the Centers
for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) which administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs; (iii) the Office
of Inspector General ( OIG ), which enforces various laws aimed at curtailing fraudulent or abusive practices including,
by way of example, the Anti-Kickback statute, the Physician Self Referral Law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, the Anti-Inducement
Law, the Civil Money Penalty Law, and the laws that authorize the OIG to exclude health care providers and others from participating
in federal healthcare programs; and (iv) the Office of Civil Rights which administers the privacy aspects of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ). All of the aforementioned are agencies within the Department
of Health and Human Services ( HHS ). Healthcare is also provided or regulated, as the case may be, by the Department
of Defense through its TriCare program, the Department of Veterans Affairs, especially through the Veterans Health Care Act of
1992, Public Health Service within HHS under the Public Health Service Act, the Department of Justice through the Federal False
Claims Act and various criminal statutes, and state governments under the Medicaid and other state sponsored or funded programs
and their internal laws regulating all healthcare activities.  

FDA
Regulation of the Design, Manufacture and Distribution of Medical Devices   

The
testing, manufacture, distribution, advertising and marketing of medical devices are subject to extensive regulation by federal,
state and local governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by similar agencies in other countries.
Any product that we develop must receive all relevant regulatory clearances or approvals, as the case may be, before it may be
marketed in a particular country. Under United States law, a  medical device  ( device ) is an article,
which, among other things, is intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment
or prevention of disease, in man or other animals. See FD C Act   201(h). Substantially all of our products are classified
as medical devices and subject to regulation by numerous agencies and legislative bodies, including the FDA and its foreign counterparts.  

As
a company that manufactures medical devices, we are required to register with the FDA. As a result, we and any entity that manufactures
products on our behalf will be subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation
requirements and other regulations. In the European Community, we will be required to maintain certain International Organization
for Standardization ( ISO ) certifications in order to sell products and we or our manufacturers undergo periodic
inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. The Company did not maintain its ISO certificate in
2016 and no longer has ISO certification. These regulations require us or our manufacturers to manufacture products and maintain
documents in a prescribed manner with respect to design, manufacturing, testing and control activities. Further, we are required
to comply with various FDA and other agency requirements for labeling and promotion. The Medical Device Reporting regulations
require that we provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence to reasonably suggest that a device may have caused
or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious
injury. In addition, the FDA prohibits us from promoting a medical device for unapproved indications.  

The
FDA in the course of enforcing the FD C Act may subject a company to various sanctions for violating FDA regulations or provisions
of the Act, including requiring recalls, issuing Warning Letters, seeking to impose civil money penalties, seizing devices that
the agency believes are non-compliant, seeking to enjoin distribution of a specific type of device or other product, seeking to
revoke a clearance or approval, seeking disgorgement of profits and seeking to criminally prosecute a company and its officers
and other responsible parties.  

In
March 2011, we received a warning letter from the FDA regarding our promotion of the Exer-Rest. We addressed the FDA s concerns
by revising our marketing material and website content. On October 28, 2011, we received a FDA Form 483 with three observations
related to our marketing material and certain protocols. As a result of those observations, the FDA recommended we voluntarily
recall our marketing materials from the US market. We have complied with the FDA recommendation and in August 2012, the FDA notified
NIMS that they have reviewed our actions and concluded that the voluntary recall has been completed.  

Third-Party
Payments, Especially payments by Medicare and Medicaid   

A.
Medicare and Medicaid Coverage   

Because
of the projected patient population that could potentially benefit from our devices is elderly, Medicare could be a potential
source of reimbursement. Medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons
age 65 and over, certain disabled persons, persons with end-stage renal disease and those suffering from Lou Gehrig s Disease.
In contrast, Medicaid is a medical assistance program jointly funded by federal and state governments and administered by each
state pursuant to which benefits are available to certain indigent patients. The Medicare and Medicaid statutory framework is
subject to administrative rulings, interpretations and discretion that affect the amount and timing of reimbursement made under
Medicare and Medicaid.  

Medicare
reimburses for medical devices in a variety of ways depending on where and how the device is used. However, Medicare only provides
reimbursement if CMS, either directly or through one of its contracts, determines that the device should be covered and that the
use of the device is consistent with the coverage criteria. A coverage determination can be made at the local level ( Local
Coverage Determination ) by the Medicare administrative contractor (formerly called carriers and fiscal intermediaries),
a private contractor that processes and pays claims on behalf of CMS for the geographic area where the services were rendered,
or at the national level by CMS through a National Coverage Determination. There are statutory provisions intended to facilitate
coverage determinations for new technologies under the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003
( MMA )    731 and 942. Coverage presupposes that the device has been cleared or approved by the FDA and,
further, that the coverage will be no broader than the FDA approved intended uses of the device (i.e., the device s label)
as cleared or approved by the FDA, but coverage can be narrower. In that regard, a narrow Medicare coverage determination may
undermine the commercial viability of a device. It is unclear whether the therapies and treatments that would use our primary
products would be covered under Local or National Coverage Determinations.  

Seeking
to modify a coverage determination, whether local or national, is a time-consuming, expensive and highly uncertain proposition,
especially for a new technology, and inconsistent local determinations are possible. On average, according to an industry report,
Medicare coverage determinations for medical devices lag 15 months to five years or more behind FDA approval for respective devices.
Moreover, Medicaid programs and private insurers are frequently influenced by Medicare coverage determinations. Our inability
to obtain a favorable coverage determination may adversely affect our ability to market our products and thus, the commercial
viability of our products.  

B.
Reimbursement Levels   

We
do not have Medicare or any other third-party reimbursement programs specific for our product. Even if Medicare and other third-party
payor programs cover the procedures that use our devices, the level of reimbursement may not be sufficient for commercial success.
The Medicare reimbursement levels for covered procedures are determined annually through three sets of rulemakings, one for outpatient
departments of hospitals under the Outpatient Prospective Payment System ( OPPS ), another for the inpatient departments
of hospitals under the Inpatient Perspective Payment System ( IPPS ), and a third for procedures in physicians 
offices under the Resource-Based Relative Value Scales ( RBRVS ) (the Medicare fee schedule). If the use of a device
is covered by Medicare, a physician s ability to bill a Medicare patient more than the Medicare allowable amount is significantly
constrained by the rules limiting balance billing. For covered services in a physician s office, Medicare normally pays
80% of the Medicare allowable amount and the beneficiary pays the remaining 20%, assuming that the beneficiary has met his or
her annual Medicare deductible and is not also a Medicaid beneficiary. For services performed in an outpatient department of a
hospital, the patient s co-payment under Medicare may exceed 20%, depending on the service and depending on whether CMS
has set the co-payment at greater than 20%. If a device is used as part of an in-patient procedure, the hospital where the procedure
is performed is reimbursed under the IPPS. In general, IPPS provides a single payment to the hospital based on the diagnosis at
discharge and devices are not separately reimbursed under IPPS.  

Usually,
Medicaid pays less than Medicare, assuming that the state covers the service. In addition, private payors, including managed care
payors, increasingly are demanding discounted fee structures and the assumption by healthcare providers of all or a portion of
the financial risk. Efforts to impose greater discounts and more stringent cost controls upon healthcare providers by private
and public payors are expected to continue.  

Significant
limits on the scope of services covered or on reimbursement rates and fees on those services that are covered could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to commercialize our devices and therefore, on our liquidity and financial condition.  

State
and Federal Security and Privacy Regulations  

The
privacy and security regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health
Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (the  HITECH Act  and collectively, the  HIPAA ),
establish comprehensive federal standards with respect to the uses and disclosures of protected health information, or PHI, by
health plans and health care providers, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability
of electronic PHI. The regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including:  

the
    circumstances under which uses and disclosures of PHI are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient,
    including but not limited to treatment purposes, to obtain payments for services and health care operations activities;   

a
    patient s rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of PHI;   

the
    content of notices of privacy practices for PHI; and   

administrative,
    technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive PHI electronically.   

The
final  omnibus  rule implementing the HITECH Act took effect on March 26, 2013. The rule is broad in scope, but certain
provisions are particularly significant in light of our business operations. For example, the final  omnibus  rule
implementing the HITECH Act:  

Makes
    clear that situations involving impermissible access, acquisition, use or disclosure of protected health information are now
    presumed to be a breach unless the covered entity or business associate is able to demonstrate that there is a low probability
    that the information has been compromised;   

Defines
    the term  business associate  to include subcontractors and agents that receive, create, maintain or transmit
    protected health information on behalf of the business associate;   

Establishes
    new parameters for covered entities and business associates on uses and disclosures of PHI for fundraising and marketing;
    and   

Establishes
    clear restrictions on the sale of PHI without patient authorization.   

The
privacy and security regulations provide for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of PHI, including
potential civil and criminal fines and penalties.  

Anti-Kickback
Laws, Physician Self-Referral Laws, False Claims Act, Civil Monetary Penalties  

We
are also subject to various federal, state, and international laws pertaining to health care  fraud and abuse,  including
anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits anyone from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
receiving, offering, or paying any remuneration with the intent to refer, or to arrange for the referral or order of, services
or items payable under a federal health care program, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug or the use of
a service or device. Recognizing that the Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial
arrangements, Congress authorized the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, or OIG, to issue
a series of regulations, known as  safe harbors.  These safe harbors set forth requirements that, if met in their
entirety, will assure health care providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the Anti-Kickback Statute.
The failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit precisely within one or more safe harbors does not necessarily mean that it
is illegal, or that prosecution will be pursued. However, conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy each applicable
safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, such as the OIG.  

Violations
of the Anti-Kickback Statute are punishable by the imposition of criminal fines, civil money penalties, treble damages, and/or
exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. Many states have also enacted similar anti-kickback laws. The Anti-Kickback
Statute and similar state laws and regulations are expansive. If the government were to allege against or convict us of violating
these laws, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and our stock
price. Even an unsuccessful challenge could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to, which could have a materially
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We will consult counsel concerning the potential
application of these and other laws to our business and our sales, marketing and other activities and will make good faith efforts
to comply with them. However, given the broad reach of federal and state anti-kickback laws and the increasing attention given
by law enforcement authorities, we are unable to predict whether any of our activities will be challenged or deemed to violate
these laws.  

We
are also subject to the physician self-referral laws, commonly referred to as the Stark law, which is a strict liability statute
that generally prohibits physicians from referring Medicare patients to providers of  designated health services, 
with whom the physician or the physician s immediate family member has an ownership interest or compensation arrangement,
unless an applicable exception applies. Moreover, many states have adopted or are considering adopting similar laws, some of which
extend beyond the scope of the Stark law to prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration for the prohibited referral of patients
for designated healthcare services and physician self-referrals, regardless of the source of the payment for the patient s
care. If it is determined that certain of our practices or operations violate the Stark law or similar statutes, we could become
subject to civil and criminal penalties, including exclusion from the Medicare programs and loss of government reimbursement.
The imposition of any such penalties could harm our business.  

Another
development affecting the health care industry is the increased use of the federal civil False Claims Act and, in particular,
actions brought pursuant to the False Claims Act s  whistleblower  or  qui tam  provisions. The
False Claims Act, as amended by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act of 2010, imposes liability on any person or entity who, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented,
a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal health care program. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow
a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim
to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In recent years, the number of suits brought by private individuals
has increased dramatically. In addition, various states have enacted false claim laws analogous to the False Claims Act. Many
of these state laws apply where a claim is submitted to any third-party payor and not merely a federal health care program. When
an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages
sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim. There are many potential bases for liability
under the False Claims Act. Liability arises, primarily, when an entity knowingly submits, or causes another to submit, a false
claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The False Claims Act has been used to assert liability on the basis of inadequate
care, kickbacks and other improper referrals, improper use of Medicare numbers when detailing the provider of services, and allegations
as to misrepresentations with respect to the services rendered. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our products
may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. We are unable to predict whether we would be subject to actions under the False Claims
Act or a similar state law, or the impact of such actions. However, the costs of defending such claims, as well as any sanctions
imposed, could significantly adversely affect our financial performance.  

Federal
law prohibits any entity from offering or transferring to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration that the entity
knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier
of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof)
and transfers of items or services for free or for other than fair market value. Entities found in violation may be liable for
civil monetary penalties of up to $10,000 for each wrongful act. Although we believe that our sales and marketing practices are
in material compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations, relevant regulatory authorities may disagree
and violation of these laws, or, our exclusion from such programs as Medicaid and other governmental programs as a result of a
violation of such laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows.  

Manufacturing  

We
have no commercial manufacturing facilities, and we do not intend to build commercial manufacturing facilities of our own in the
foreseeable future. All of our manufacturing had been performed by Sing Lin, Genemax Medical Products Industry Corp ( Genemax ),
QTM and other FDA registered contract manufacturers. Genemax manufactured our product under the management of Sing Lin. All of
our contract manufacturers and their manufacturing facilities must comply with FDA regulations, current quality system regulations
(referred to as QSRs), which include current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and to the extent laboratory analysis is
involved, current good laboratory practices, or cGLPs. We notified Sing Lin in June 2010 that we were terminating our manufacturing
agreement with them, which termination was effective September 2010. As a result, we currently have no supplier contracted to
manufacture our products, and Sing Lin and its suppliers are currently in possession of the tooling required to manufacture our
products. If we are unable to enter into a new agreement for the manufacture and supply of our devices, whether with Sing Lin
or another supplier we may not be able to procure additional inventory on a timely basis, in the quantities we require or at all.
We estimate that our existing inventory of Exer-Rest products will, at a minimum, be sufficient to meet demand through the end
of the 2017 fiscal year.  

Sales
  Marketing  

Our
limited sales efforts are currently focused on hospitals, cardiac rehabilitation clinics, physical therapy centers, senior living
communities and other healthcare providers, as well as their patients, professional athletes and other individuals through our
management. In addition to our limited sales efforts, we continue to explore potential distributor and independent sale representative
networks in the US, Canada and abroad. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into additional distribution and
representation agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all, or that our sales and distribution network will generate significant
sales.  

Employees  

The
Company currently does not have full time employees. Our administrative, accounting and legal functions are contracted on a part-time
basis.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.  

Our
future operating results may vary substantially from anticipated results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond
our control. The following discussion highlights some of these factors and the possible impact of these factors on our future
results of operations. If any of the following events actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially harmed. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline substantially.  

Risks
Relating to Our Business.    

We
have a history of operating losses, we do not expect to become profitable in the near future and absent a significant increase
in revenue or additional equity or debt financing, we may be unable to continue as a going concern.    

Our
consolidated financial statements for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 were prepared on a  going concern  basis;
however substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of recurring losses and an accumulated
deficit. We are not profitable and have been incurring material losses. Our net losses for our fiscal years ended July 31, 2016
and 2015 were $0.7 for 2016 and $0.4 million respectively. As of July 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $25.5 million.
Although we have obtained regulatory clearance to market our principal products in the US and abroad, there can be no assurance
that our products will achieve market acceptance. Market acceptance of our products may depend upon, among other things: the timing
of market introduction of competitive products; the safety and efficacy of our products; and the potential advantage or disadvantages
of alternative treatments. If our products fail to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to generate significant revenues
or be profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods.
Absent a significant increase in revenue or additional equity or debt financing, we will be unable to continue as a going concern,
and you may lose all of your investment in us.  

We
will require additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.    

We
will need to raise additional capital in order for us to continue as a going concern. We have reached our borrowing limit under
our existing $1.0 million secured credit facility. In addition, we borrowed $725,000 in promissory notes of $325,000 from Frost
Gamma Investments Trust between September 2011 and June 2016 and $50,000 from an unrelated third party in September 2011, $150,000
from Hsu Gamma Investments, L.P. in between May 2012 and June 2016 and $200,000 from Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman
of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, between February 2013 and October 2015. Until we can generate a sufficient amount
of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we will need to finance future cash needs primarily
through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or strategic collaborations. We do not know whether additional funding
will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We cannot assure you that we could obtain such approval. If we are not able
to secure additional funding when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development
programs and operations. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience
significant dilution, and debt financing, if available, may require that we agree to covenants that restrict our operations. To
the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish
some rights to our products or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.  

We
terminated the Product and Supply Agreement with Sing Lin and may potentially be obligated to pay amounts under the agreement.   

The
now-terminated product and supply agreement with Sing Lin contained obligations to purchase approximately $2.6 million of Exer-Rest
units within one year of acceptance of the final product, and an additional $4.1 million and $8.8 million of products in the second
and third years following acceptance of the final product, respectively. Under the product and supply agreement, we were required
to pay a portion of the product purchase price at the time production orders were placed, with the balance due upon delivery.
Through July 31, 2016, we paid Sing Lin $1.7 million in connection with orders placed through that date, with the last payment
being made in July 2009. As of the filing date we had not placed orders sufficient to satisfy the first-year or second-year minimum
purchase obligations under the agreement. We notified Sing Lin in June 2010 that we were terminating the agreement effective September
2010, and Sing Lin in July 2010 demanded that we place orders sufficient to fulfill the three year purchase obligations under
the agreement. As of October 24, 2016 Sing Lin has not followed up on its July 2010 demand. There can be no assurance that Sing
Lin will not attempt to enforce its rights under the product and supply agreement, or pursue other available remedies. If Sing
Lin seeks to enforce remedies against us, any such remedies could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and
results of operations.  

We
rely on third parties to manufacture and supply our products, and we presently have no agreement with any third party to manufacture
and supply our products.    

We
do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of our products. We have only have limited
experience in medical device manufacturing, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our products on
a commercial scale. We expect to depend on third-party contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future. Our ability to replace
an existing manufacturer may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers is limited, and the FDA must approve any
replacement manufacturer before it can begin manufacturing our product. It may be difficult or impossible for us to identify and
engage a replacement manufacturer on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or at all.  

We
entered into an agreement with Sing Lin to, among other things, manufacture all of our acceleration therapeutic platforms. We
notified Sing Lin in June 2010 that we were terminating the agreement, which termination was effective September 2010. As a result,
we do not currently have a supplier contracted to manufacture our products, and Sing Lin and its suppliers are currently in possession
of the tooling required to manufacture our products. If we are unable to enter into a new agreement for the manufacture and supply
of our devices, whether with Sing Lin or another supplier, or if we are not able to timely regain possession or remanufacture
the tooling, we may not be able to procure additional inventory on a timely basis, in the quantities we require or at all, which
would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations.  

The
current worldwide economic condition and concurrent market instability may materially and adversely affect the demand for our
products, as well as our ability to obtain credit or secure funds through sales of our stock, which may materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and ability to fund our operations.   

The
current worldwide economic condition may reduce the demand for new and innovative medical devices, resulting in delayed market
acceptance of our products. Such a delay could have a material adverse impact on our business, expected cash flows, results of
operations and financial condition.  

Additionally,
we have funded our operations to date primarily through private sales of our common stock and preferred stock and through borrowings
under credit facilities available to us from shareholders and other individuals. The current economic conditions and instability
in the world s equity and credit markets may materially adversely affect our ability to sell additional shares of our stock
and/or borrow cash. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional working capital on acceptable terms or
at all, which may materially adversely affect our ability to continue our operations.  

Medicare
legislation and future legislative or regulatory reform of the health care system may affect our ability to sell our products
profitably.   

In
the United States, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives, at both the federal and state government
levels, to change the healthcare system in ways that, if approved, could affect our ability to sell our products and provide our
laboratory services profitably. While many of the proposed policy changes require congressional approval to implement, we cannot
assure you that reimbursement payments under governmental and private third party payor programs will remain at levels comparable
to present levels or will be sufficient to cover the costs allocable to patients eligible for reimbursement under these programs.
Any changes that lower reimbursement rates under Medicare, Medicaid or private payor programs could negatively affect our business.  

Most
significantly, on March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law both the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the  Affordable
Care Act ) and the reconciliation law known as Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (the  Reconciliation
Act ) and, combined we refer to both Acts as the  2010 Health Care Reform Legislation.  The constitutionality
of the 2010 Health Care Reform Legislation was confirmed on June 28, 2012 by the Supreme Court of the United States (the  Supreme
Court ). Specifically, the Supreme Court upheld the individual mandate and includes changes to extend medical benefits to
those who currently lack insurance coverage. Extending coverage to a large population could substantially change the structure
of the health insurance system and the methodology for reimbursing medical services, drugs and devices. These structural changes
could entail modifications to the existing system of third-party payors and government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,
the creation of a government-sponsored healthcare insurance source, or some combination of both, as well as other changes. Additionally,
restructuring the coverage of medical care in the United States could impact the reimbursement for diagnostic tests. If reimbursement
for our diagnostic tests is substantially less than we or our clinical laboratory customers expect, or rebate obligations associated
with them are substantially increased, our business could be materially and adversely impacted.  

Beyond
coverage and reimbursement changes, the 2010 Health Care Reform Legislation subjects manufacturers of medical devices to an excise
tax of 2.3% on certain U.S. sales of medical devices in January 2013. This excise tax will likely increase our expenses in the
future.  

Further,
the 2010 Health Care Reform Legislation includes the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which, in conjunction with its implementing
regulations, requires manufacturers of certain drugs, biologics, and devices that are covered by Medicare and Medicaid to record
all transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals starting on August 1, 2013 and to begin reporting the same for public
disclosure to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services by March 31, 2014. Several other states and a number of countries
worldwide have adopted or are considering the adoption of similar transparency laws. The failure to report appropriate data may
result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties.  

Additionally,
the 2010 Health Care Reform Legislation includes significant new fraud and abuse measures, including required disclosures under
Physician Payments Sunshine Act.  

Regulations
under the 2010 Health Care Reform Legislation are expected to continue being drafted, released and finalized throughout the next
several years. Pending the promulgation of these regulations, we are unable to fully evaluate the impact of the 2010 Health Care
Reform Legislation.  

Our
Exer-Rest device does not have a unique Medicare Reimbursement CPT Code.   

The
procedures using our Exer-Rest device technology are new, and the existing Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes do not accurately
describe the Whole Body Periodic Acceleration (WBPA) therapy. Medicare and other third-party payors recognize that there may be
procedures performed by physicians or other qualified health care professionals where a number of specific code numbers could
be, and have been, designated for reporting unlisted procedures. We provide a Standard Operating Procedure for the healthcare
professional to submit WBPA therapy as an unlisted procedure using a paper claim submission. However, depending on the Medicare
intermediary, Medicare submissions using unlisted codes may not be reimbursed fully or at all. If Medicare and/or third-party
payors elect not to  cover  WBPA as a qualified unlisted procedure or if a new reimbursement code is not established,
it may weaken demand for our product among healthcare providers, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of
our operations and financial position.  

The
terms of clearances or approvals and ongoing regulation of our products may limit how we manufacture and market our products,
which could materially impair our ability to generate anticipated revenues.    

Once
regulatory clearance or approval has been granted, the cleared or approved product and its manufacturer are subject to continual
review. Any cleared or approved product may only be promoted for its indicated uses. Accordingly, it is possible that our products
may be cleared or approved for fewer or more limited uses than we request or that clearance or approval may be granted contingent
on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, if the FDA or other non-U.S. regulatory authorities
clear or approve our products, the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising and promotion for the products
will be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. It is possible that the FDA or other non-U.S. regulatory authorities may
not approve the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our products. Further, regulatory
agencies must approve our manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture our products, and these facilities are
subject to ongoing regulatory inspection. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of the FDA and other non-U.S.
regulatory authorities, or if previously unknown problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes are discovered,
FDA may seek to revoke our clearance or clearances, or may hold that a previously exempt device is subject to premarket notification
and clearance and may not be marketed until such clearance issues. We could also be subject to administrative or judicially imposed
sanctions. FDA may also conclude that a previously exempt or cleared device is subject to full FDA approval and that marketing
must cease until the device is approved. FDA approval is time-consuming, extraordinarily expensive and highly uncertain.  

In
addition, the FDA and other non-U.S. regulatory authorities may change their policies and additional regulations may be enacted
that could prevent or delay regulatory clearance or approval of our products. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent
of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad.
If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we would likely not be permitted to market our products and we may not achieve
or sustain profitability.  

Our
competitors may develop and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than our products, negatively impacting
our commercial opportunities.    

The
life sciences industry is highly competitive, and we face significant competition from many medical device companies that are
researching and marketing products designed to address the same ailments we are endeavoring to address. The medical devices that
we have developed or are developing will compete with other medical devices that currently exist or are being developed. Products
we may develop in the future are also likely to face competition from other medical devices and therapies. Many of our competitors
have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing and product development resources than we do. If our competitors
market products that are more effective, safer, easier to use or less expensive than our products, or that reach the market sooner
than our products, we may not achieve commercial success. In addition, the medical device industry is characterized by rapid technological
change. It may be difficult for us to stay abreast of the rapid changes in each technology. If we fail to stay at the forefront
of technological change, then we may be unable to compete effectively. Technological advances or products developed by our competitors
may render our technologies or products obsolete or less competitive. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect
on our business, liquidity and results of operations.  

If
we are unable to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products, our business could be materially harmed.    

We
currently hold five United States patents with respect to overall design and specific features of our present and proposed products
and have submitted applications with respect to four foreign patents. The issuance of a patent does not guarantee that it is valid
or enforceable. Any patents we have obtained, or obtain in the future, may be challenged, invalidated, unenforceable or circumvented.
Moreover, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the  USPTO ) may commence interference proceedings involving
our patents or patent applications. Any challenge to, finding of unenforceability or invalidation or circumvention of, our patents
or patent applications would be costly, would require significant time and attention of our management and could have a material
adverse effect on our business.  

Our
pending patent applications may not result in issued patents. The patent position of medical device companies, including us, is
generally uncertain and involves complex legal and factual considerations. The standards that the USPTO and its foreign counterparts
use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. There is also no uniform, worldwide policy
regarding the subject matter and scope of claims granted or allowable in medical device patents. Accordingly, we do not know the
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights or the breadth of claims that will be allowed in any patents issued to
us or to others.  

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products
could be adversely affected.    

In
addition to patent protection, we also rely on other proprietary rights, including protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential
and proprietary information. Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential
information. The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. To the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use technology or know-how owned
by third parties in their work for us, disputes may arise between us and those third parties as to the rights in related inventions.  

Our
commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights
of third parties.    

Other
entities may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale
or import products or impair our competitive position. In addition, to the extent that a third party develops new technology that
covers our products, we may be required to obtain licenses to that technology, which licenses may not be available or may not
be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If licenses are not available to us on acceptable terms, we will not
be able to market the affected products or conduct the desired activities, unless we challenge the validity, enforceability or
infringement of the third party patent or circumvent the third party patent, which would be costly and would require significant
time and attention of our management. Third parties may have or obtain valid and enforceable patents or proprietary rights that
could block us from developing products using our technology. Our failure to obtain a license to any technology that we require
may materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

If
we become involved in patent litigation or other proceedings related to a determination of rights, we could incur substantial
costs and expenses, substantial liability for damages or be required to stop our product development and commercialization efforts
any of which could materially adversely affect our liquidity, business prospects and results of operations.    

Third
parties may sue us for infringing their patent rights. Likewise, we may need to resort to litigation to enforce a patent issued
or licensed to us or to determine the scope and validity of proprietary rights of others. In addition, a third party may claim
that we have improperly obtained or used its confidential or proprietary information. The cost to us of any litigation or other
proceeding relating to intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and the litigation would
divert our management s efforts. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more
effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation
of any litigation could limit our ability to continue our operations.  

If
any parties successfully claim that our creation or use of proprietary technologies infringes upon their intellectual property
rights, we might be forced to pay damages, potentially including treble damages, if we are found to have willfully infringed on
such parties  patent rights. In addition to any damages we might have to pay, a court could require us to stop the infringing
activity or obtain a license. Any license required under any patent may not be made available on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. In addition, such licenses are likely to be non-exclusive and, therefore, our competitors may have access to the same
technology licensed to us. If we fail to obtain a required license and are unable to design around a patent, we may be unable
to effectively market some of our technology and products, which could limit our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability
and possibly prevent us from generating revenue sufficient to sustain our operations.  

Failure
to obtain regulatory approval outside the United States will prevent us from marketing our products abroad.    

We
intend to market certain of our products in non-U.S. markets. In order to market our existing and future products in the European
Union and many other non-U.S. jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals. We have had limited interactions with
non-U.S. regulatory authorities, the approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional testing, and the time
required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Approval or clearance by the FDA does not ensure
approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one or more non-U.S. regulatory authorities does not ensure
approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or by the FDA. The non-U.S. regulatory approval process may include all
of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval or clearance. We may not obtain non-U.S. regulatory approvals on a timely
basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for non-U.S. regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize
our future product candidates in any market.  

Non-U.S.
governments often impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our future profitability.    

We
have obtained approval to market certain of our products in one or more non-U.S. jurisdictions, which subjects us to rules and
regulations in those jurisdictions relating to our products. In some countries, particularly countries of the European Union,
each of which has developed its own rules and regulations, some pricing is subject to governmental control. In these countries,
pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a medical
device candidate. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial
that compares the cost-effectiveness of our existing and future product candidates to other available products. If reimbursement
of our future product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels,
we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability.  

Our
business is subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations.    

Our
business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally, in part due to some of our suppliers historically
being located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:  

difficulties
    in compliance with non-U.S. laws and regulations;   

changes
    in non-U.S. regulations and customs;   

changes
    in non-U.S. currency exchange rates and currency controls;   

changes
    in a specific country s or region s political or economic environment;   

trade
    protection measures, import or export licensing requirements or other restrictive actions by U.S. or non-U.S. governments;   

negative
    consequences from changes in tax laws; and   

difficulties
    associated with staffing and managing foreign operations, including differing labor relations.   

Risks
Relating to Our Stock.    

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.   

We
have not declared and paid cash dividends on our common stock in the past, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain all of our earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future to finance the operation
and expansion of our business. Additionally, our current credit facility prohibits us from paying dividends on our capital stock
at any time during which we have outstanding borrowings thereunder. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment
in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases and you sell your shares.  

Because
our common stock is a  penny stock,  it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock, and
the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.   

Our
common stock, which trades on the OTCBB, is a  penny stock  since, among other things, the stock price is below $5.00
per share, it is not listed on a national securities exchange, and it has not met certain net tangible asset or average revenue
requirements. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks must provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure
document prepared by the SEC. This document provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks involved
in investing in the penny-stock market. A broker must also give a purchaser, orally or in writing, bid and offer quotations and
information regarding broker and salesperson compensation, make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser s written agreement to the purchase. Broker-dealers must also provide customers
that hold penny stock in their accounts with such broker-dealer a monthly statement containing price and market information relating
to the penny stock. If a penny stock is sold to an investor in violation of the penny stock rules, the investor may be able to
cancel its purchase and get its money back.  

If
applicable, the penny stock rules may make it difficult for investors to sell their shares of our common stock. Because of the
rules and restrictions applicable to a penny stock, there is less trading in penny stocks and the market price of our common stock
may be adversely affected. Also, many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. Accordingly, investors may
not always be able to resell their shares of our common stock publicly at times and prices acceptable to them.  

Our
stock price has been volatile and there may not be an active, liquid trading market for our common stock.   

Our
stock price has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and may continue to experience volatility in the future.
The price of our common stock has ranged between $0.10 and $0.27 for the 52-week period ended July 31, 2016. Many factors, including
those described in this report and others, have a significant impact on the price of our common stock. Also, you may not be able
to sell your shares at the best market price if trading in our stock in not active or if the volume is low. There is no guarantee
that an active trading market for our common stock will be maintained on the OTCBB or elsewhere.  

Our
quarterly results of operations will fluctuate, and these fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline.   

Our
quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline.
The nature of our business involves variable factors, such as the timing of the research, development and regulatory submissions
of our devices that could cause our operating results to fluctuate. As a result, in some future quarters our clinical, financial
or operating results may not meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors which could result in a decline in the
price of our stock.  

Shareholders
may experience dilution of ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock and our
preferred stock.   

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present shareholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 401,000,000 shares of capital stock,
consisting of 400,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with preferences and rights to be determined
by our Board of Directors. As of October 24, 2016, there were outstanding: a) 79,007,423 shares of our common stock, b) 100 shares
of our Series B preferred stock, c) 62,048 shares of our Series C preferred stock, each currently convertible into 25 shares of
our common stock and d) 2,782 shares of our Series D preferred stock, each currently convertible into 5,000 shares of our common
stock. Also as of October 24, 2016, there were outstanding options to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock, and we have
reserved 1,551,200 shares of our common stock for issuance upon conversion of our Series C preferred stock and 13,910,000 shares
of our common stock for issuance upon conversion of our Series D preferred stock. We may also issue additional shares of our common
stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees,
future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of our common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We may
issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with capital raising efforts, including
at a price (or exercise price) below the price at which shares of our common stock are then currently traded on the OTCBB.  

Item
2. Properties.  

Our
principal corporate office is located at 4400 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, Florida. We occupy this space from Frost Real Estate Holdings,
LLC, which is a company controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, one of our largest beneficial shareholders. We previously leased the
approximately 1,800 square feet under a lease agreement, which commenced with a five-year term on January 1, 2008 and expired
on December 31, 2012, and then we went on a month-to-month basis and then in February 2016 the office space rent was reduced to
$0 per month.  

We
house our inventory in approximately 4,000 square feet of warehouse space in Pembroke Park, Florida The lease commenced September
15, 2014 and expired on September 31, 2015 and we are currently exercising our one year option to renew that extends the expiration
to September 31, 2016. We then have available an additional one year option to renew.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.  

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   

Market
for common stock   

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCBB under the symbol NIMU.OB. The table below sets forth, for the respective periods indicated,
the high and low bid prices for the Company s common stock as reported by the OTCBB. The following bid quotations represent
inter-dealer prices, without adjustments for retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.  

Since
our inception, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate that we will pay dividends in the
foreseeable future. Additionally, our current credit facility prohibits us from paying dividends on our capital stock at any time
during which we have outstanding borrowings thereunder. At July 31, 2016, we had 1,412 shareholders of record based on information
provided by our transfer agent, American Stock Transfer   Trust Company. We believe that the actual number of beneficial shareholders
is considerably higher.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.   

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include information otherwise
required by this item.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements about our expectations,
beliefs or intentions regarding, among other things, our product development and commercialization efforts, business, financial
condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that these
statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or
expected events, activities, trends or results as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters
that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause
our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements.
These factors include those set forth below as well as those contained in  Item 1A - Risk Factors  of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable
law. These forward-looking statements reflect our views only as of the date they are made with respect to future events and financial
performance.   

Overview   

We
are primarily engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of non-invasive, whole body periodic acceleration ( WBPA )
therapeutic platforms, which are motorized platforms that move a subject repetitively head to foot. Our acceleration therapeutic
platforms are the inventions of Marvin A. Sackner, M.D., our founder, former CEO and a current director. Over thirty peer reviewed
scientific publications attest to the benefits of whole body periodic acceleration in animal and human research investigations.
According to those studies, the application of this WBPA technology provides objective benefits in patients with angina pectoris
and increases the blood supply to the heart muscle in both healthy individuals and patients with heart disease. These findings
are not being claimed as an intended use of the device for marketing purposes, but demonstrate a potential mechanism for its benefits.  

The
development and commercialization of the Exer-Rest has historically necessitated substantial expenditures and commitments of capital.
Although we have recently reduced these expenditures, we continue to anticipate expenses and associated losses to continue for
the foreseeable future, as we expect to continue minimal sales efforts in the United States, Canada, the UK, India, Mexico, Latin
America, the Middle East and the Far East. We will be required to raise additional capital to fulfill our business plan, but no
commitment to raise such additional capital exists or can be assured. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to expand sales and/or
raise capital, we will not be able to continue operations.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of
these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate
our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, intangible assets, contingencies
and litigation. Regarding inventories, the provision is an estimate based on multiple factors as further described in Notes 2
and 3. The ultimate realization of the inventory amount may be materially different. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. A more
detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies can be found in Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe that the factors we evaluate provide
us with a meaningful basis for establishing and applying sound accounting policies, we cannot guarantee that the results will
always be accurate. Since the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment, actual results could differ
from such estimates.  

Results
of Operations   

In
January 2005, we began developing the Exer-Rest line of acceleration therapeutic platforms, which were designed to be more efficient
and less expensive than the AT-101. The Exer-Rest AT platform was first available for delivery to certain locations outside of
the United States in October 2007. Prior to the first export sales of the Exer-Rest AT, we continued to sell the AT-101 in certain
locations outside of the United States. In anticipation of the launch of the Exer-Rest line, in July 2006 we wrote down as obsolete
our existing inventory of AT-101 platforms and parts to zero value. Our newest platforms, the Exer-Rest AT3800 and AT4700, which
we developed under our former agreement with Sing Lin, became available for sale in October 2008. In January 2009, the Exer-Rest
line of therapeutic platforms was registered by the FDA in the United States as Class I (Exempt) Medical Devices. We began our
U.S. and international sales activity with marketing and promotional pricing beginning in February 2009. We currently market the
Exer-Rest to individuals for treatment in their homes, healthcare providers, hospitals, chiropractic and physical therapy centers,
assisted living facilities, as well as to professional athletes.  

Year
Ended July 31, 2016 Compared to Year Ended July 31, 2015   

Revenue.
 Total revenue was $23,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016, as compared to $0 for the year ended July 31, 2015. This $23,000
increase resulted from the sales of three Exer-Rest platform units. Exer-Rest platform unit sales for the 2016 fiscal year increased
100% over the 2015 fiscal year, attributable to no sales during the year ended July 31, 2015.  

Cost
of sales.  Cost of sales was $336,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016, as compared to $20,000 for the year ended July 31,
2015. This $316,000 net increase was primarily attributed a $327,000 inventory impairment adjustment that included the write-off
of spare parts and Exer-Rest units for the year ended July 31, 2016 in conjunction with management s year end business review.
Future changes in market conditions could necessitate further writedowns, however, the Company does not anticipate significant
changes in market conditions in the next year.This compares to the write off of 10 Exer-Rest units that were deemed obsolete and
unsaleable during the year ended July 31, 2015 fiscal.  

Selling,
general and administrative costs and expenses.  Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) costs and expenses
was $259,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016, as compared to $255,000 for the year ended July 31, 2015. There was no stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Total
operating costs and expenses.  Total operating costs and expenses was $595,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016, as compared
to $275,000 for the year ended July 31, 2015. This $320,000 increase is primarily attributable to the inventory impairment adjustment.  

Other
income and expense.  Other expense was $169,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016, as compared to $143,000 for the year ended
July 31, 2015. This $26,000 increase was primarily attributable to the increase in net interest expense resulting from the additional
promissory notes entered into during the year ended July 31, 2016 as described in Note 5.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
operations have been primarily financed through private sales of our equity securities and advances under credit facilities available
to us. We currently do not have any additional borrowing capacity under our $1.0 million revolving credit facility, described
below. In September 2011, we issued two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000, in May 2012 we issued
an additional promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000, in February 2013 we issued an additional promissory note in
the principal amount of $50,000, in September 2014 we issued an additional promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000,
in February 2015 we issued an additional promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000, in April 2015 we issued an additional
promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000, in August 2015 we issued an additional promissory note in the principal amount
of $25,000, in October 2015 we issued two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000 and most recently in
June 2016 we issued two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000 for a total aggregate principal amount
of $725,000 from promissory notes.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had cash of $87,000 and negative working capital of approximately $2,844,000. We expect that our existing funds
will not be sufficient to support our current operations over the next twelve months. We anticipate that we will require additional
external financing to continue operations beyond March 2017. No assurance can be given that such additional financing will be
available on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to sell additional shares of our stock and/or borrow cash could be materially
adversely affected by the economic uncertainty in the global equity and credit markets. Current economic conditions have been,
and continue to be, volatile, and continued instability in these market conditions may limit our ability to access the capital
necessary to fund and grow our business and to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities.  

Net
cash used in operating activities increased to $278,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016 from $181,000 for the year ended July
31, 2015. This $97,000 increase was principally due to increased payments of accounts payable and accrued expenses during the
year ended July 31, 2016.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities increased to $325,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016 from $200,000 for the year ended
July 31, 2015. This $125,000 increase was principally due to an increase in proceeds from promissory notes (see Note 5) to the
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had available federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $15.5 million and foreign
net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $0.1 million which expire in various years beginning in 2019.  

2010
Credit Facility.  On March 31, 2010, we entered into a new Note and Security Agreement with Frost Gamma Investments Trust,
a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of our common stock, and Hsu Gamma Investments,
LP, an entity controlled by our Chairman (together, the  Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders have provided a
revolving credit line (the  Credit Facility ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1.0 million, secured by
all of our personal property. We are permitted to borrow and reborrow from time to time under the Credit Facility until July 31,
2013 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017 (the  Credit Facility Maturity Date ). The interest rate
payable on amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility is 11% per annum, and increases to 16% per annum after the Credit Facility
Maturity Date or after an event of default. All amounts owing under the Credit Facility are required to be repaid by the Credit
Facility Maturity Date, and amounts outstanding are prepayable at any time. As of July 31, 2016, we had drawn an aggregate of
$1,000,000 under the Credit Facility and there is no available balance remaining.  

2011
Promissory Notes.  On September 12, 2011, we entered into two promissory notes in the principal amount of $50,000 each with
Frost Gamma, a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s common stock,
and with an unrelated third party for a total of $100,000. The interest rate payable by the Company on both the Frost Gamma Note
and the unrelated third party note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of September 12, 2014 and subsequently the date
was extended to July 31, 2017 (the  Promissory Notes Maturity Date ). We may prepay either or both notes in advance
of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2012
Promissory Note.  On May 30, 2012, we entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Hsu Gamma, an
entity controlled by our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  Hsu Gamma Note ).
The interest rate payable by the Company on the Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of September 12,
2014 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017. The Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes
Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2013
Promissory Note.  On February 22, 2013, we entered into a promissory note in the amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, our Chairman
of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  2013 Hsiao Note ). The interest rate payable by the Company
on the 2013 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, originally payable on the maturity date of September 12, 2014 and subsequently the date
was extended to July 31, 2017. The 2013 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium
or penalty.  

2014
Promissory Note.  On September 24, 2014, we entered into a promissory note (the  2014 Hsiao Note ) in the principal
amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The interest rate payable by
the Company on the 2014 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The 2014 Hsiao Note may be
prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

2015
Promissory Notes.  On February 2, 2015, we entered into a promissory note (the  2015 Hsiao Note ) in the principal
amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The interest rate payable by
the Company on the 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The 2015 Hsiao Note may be
prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

On
April 16, 2015, we entered into a promissory note ( April 2015 Frost Note ) in the amount of $100,000 with Frost Gamma,
a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s common stock. The interest
rate payable by the Company on the April 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The
April 2015 Frost Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
August 12, 2015, we entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $25,000 with Frost Gamma (the  August 2015
Frost Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s common
stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the August 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of
July 31, 2017. The August 2015 Frost Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Frost Gamma (the  October
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the October 2015 Frost Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date. The October 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s
Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  October 2015 Hsiao Note ). The interest rate payable
by the Company on the October 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date. The October 2015
Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2016
Promissory Notes.  On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Frost
Gamma (the  June 2016 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess
of 10% of the Company s common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the June 2016 Frost Gamma Note is 11%
per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date. The June 2016 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Hsu Gamma, an entity controlled
by NIMS  Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note ).
The interest rate payable by NIMS on the June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date.
The June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

As
of October 19, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $67,000 and did not have any further funding available
under the Credit Facility. We do not expect to generate significant revenues from sales of Exer-Rest platforms and anticipate
that we will not have sufficient funds to repay debt and continue operations without raising additional capital. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital on terms acceptable to us or at all.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include the information otherwise
required by this item.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Non-Invasive
Monitoring Systems, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of July
31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated comprehensive statements of operations, changes in shareholders  deficit
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit includes consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring net losses, cash outflows
from operating activities, has an accumulated deficit and substantial purchase commitments that raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
    Morrison, Brown Argiz   Farra, LLC   

Morrison,
    Brown Argiz   Farra, LLC  

Miami,
    Florida  

October
24, 2016  

NON-INVASIVE
MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.   

   CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

   (In
thousands, except share and per share data)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

NON-INVASIVE
MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.   

   CONSOLIDATED
COMPREHENSIVE STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   Years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015   

   (In
thousands, except per share data)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

NON-INVASIVE
MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIT   

   Years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015   

   (Dollars
in Thousands)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

NON-INVASIVE
MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   Years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015   

   (Dollars
in Thousands)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

NON-INVASIVE
MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.    

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS   

Organization.
  Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the  Company 
or  NIMS ), began business as a medical diagnostic monitoring company to develop computer-aided continuous monitoring
devices to detect abnormal respiratory and cardiac events using sensors on the human body s surface. It has ceased to operate
in this market and has licensed the rights to its technology. The Company is now focused on developing and marketing its Exer-Rest  
 line of acceleration therapeutic platforms based upon unique, patented whole body periodic acceleration ( WBPA )
technology. The Exer-Rest line of acceleration therapeutic platforms currently includes the Exer-Rest AT, AT3800 and AT4700 models.  

Business.
  The Company is developing and marketing its Exer-Rest    line of acceleration therapeutic platforms based
upon unique, patented whole body periodic acceleration ( WBPA ) technology. The Exer-Rest line of acceleration therapeutic
platforms currently includes the Exer-Rest AT, AT3800 and AT4700 models.  

The
Company received revenue from royalties on sales of diagnostic monitoring hardware and software by SensorMedics and from VivoMetrics
in prior years. SensorMedics indicated they will discontinue licensed product sales after current inventory is depleted and, therefore,
the royalty revenue from SensorMedics is expected to be minimal to none. VivoMetrics ceased operations in July 2009 and filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October 2009. Pursuant to VivoMetrics  approved bankruptcy plan of reorganization,
our license with VivoMetrics was assigned to another company; however, there can be no assurance as to the future amount of royalty
revenue, if any, that we may derive from this license or from our existing license with SensorMedics. In fiscal year 2009, NIMS
began commercial sales of its third generation Exer-Rest therapeutic platforms.  

During
the calendar years 2005 to 2007, the Company designed, developed and manufactured the first Exer-Rest platform (now the Exer-Rest
AT), a second generation acceleration therapeutics platform, and updated its operations to promote the Exer-Rest AT overseas as
an aid to improve circulation and joint mobility and to relieve minor aches and pains.   

The
Company has developed a third generation of Exer-Rest acceleration therapeutic platforms (designated the Exer-Rest AT3800 and
the Exer-Rest AT4700) that had been manufactured by Sing Lin Technologies Co. Ltd. ( Sing Lin ) based in Taichung,
Taiwan (see Note 9).  

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared and presented on a basis assuming it will continue as a going
concern. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had net losses in the amount of $0.7
and $0.4 million for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and has experienced negative cash outflows from operating
activities. The Company also has an accumulated deficit of $25.5 million as of July 31, 2016, and has purchase commitments at
July 31, 2016 (see Note 9). These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Absent
any significant revenues from product sales, the Company will likely need to incur additional debt, equity financing or a strategic
collaboration for the Company to continue its business activities, which are currently focused on the production, marketing and
commercial sale of the Exer-Rest. Management intends to obtain any additional capital needed to continue its business activities
through new debt or equity financing, but there can be no assurance that it will be successful in this regard. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

As
further discussed in Note 9, the Company in 2010 terminated its agreement with Sing Lin. As of July 31, 2016, the Company has
payables due to Sing Lin of approximately $41,000.  

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Consolidation.
  The consolidated financial statements for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems of Florida, Inc., which has no current operations, and NIMS of
Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation, which has no current operations. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.  

Use
of Estimates.   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions, such as accounts receivable,
stock based compensation, warranty accrual and deferred taxes as estimates, that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such items include input variables for stock based compensation, accounts
receivable, lower of cost or market determination for inventory, warranty accrual and deferred taxes. Actual results could differ
materially from these estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents.   The Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments purchased with an original maturity
date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had approximately $87,000 and $40,000 on checking accounts at
July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Allowances
for Doubtful Accounts.   Royalties and other receivables are recorded at the stated amount of the transactions. The Company
provides an allowance for royalties and other receivables it believes it may not collect in full. Receivables are written off
when they are deemed to be uncollectible and all collection attempts have ceased. The amount of bad debt recorded each period
and the resulting adequacy of the allowance at the end of each period are determined using a combination of the Company s
historical loss experience, customer-by-customer analysis of the Company s accounts receivable each period and subjective
assessments of the Company s future bad debt exposure.  

Inventories.
  Inventories are stated at lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method, and are evaluated
at least annually for impairment. Inventories at July 31, 2016 and 2015 primarily consisted of finished Exer-Rest units and accessories.
Provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory are made based on management s analysis of inventory levels
and historical obsolescence. As of July 31, 2015 the Company has classified its inventories as non-current to reflect the extended
time frame the Company expects to sell the inventory  

Tooling
and Equipment.   These assets are stated at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives.  

Long-lived
Assets.   The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. In performing the review for recoverability, the Company estimates the future
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected
future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized as the difference between the
fair value and the carrying amount of the asset.  

Taxes
Assessed on Revenue-Producing Transactions.   The Company presents sales taxes assessed on revenue-producing transactions
between a seller and customer using the net presentation; thus, sales and cost of revenues are not affected by such taxes.  

Income
Taxes.   The Company provides for income taxes using an asset and liability based approach. Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The deferred tax asset for loss carryforwards and other
potential future tax benefits has been fully offset by a valuation allowance since it is uncertain whether any future benefit
will be realized. The Company files its tax returns as prescribed by the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Tax years
ranging from 2013 to 2016 remain open to examination by various taxing jurisdictions as the statute of limitations has not expired.
It is the Company s policy to include income tax interest and penalty expense in its tax provision.   

Revenue
Recognition.   Revenue from product sales is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the goods are
shipped and title has transferred, the price is fixed or determinable, and the collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably
assured. The Company recognizes royalties as they are earned, based on reports from licensees. Research and consulting revenue
and revenue from sales of extended warranties on therapeutic platforms are recognized over the term of the respective agreements.  

Advertising
Costs.   The Company expenses all costs of advertising and promotions as incurred. There was no advertising and promotional
costs for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Research
and Development Costs.   Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, and primarily consist of payments to third
parties for research and development of the Exer-Rest device and regulatory testing costs to obtain FDA approval.  

Warranties.
  The Company s warranties are two years on all Exer-Rest products sold domestically and one year for products sold
outside of the U.S. and are accrued based on management s estimates and the history of warranty costs incurred. There were
no material warranty costs incurred for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, and management estimates that the Company s
accrued warranty expense at July 31, 2016 will be sufficient to offset claims made for units under warranty.  

Stock-based
compensation.   The Company recognizes all share-based payments, including grants of stock options, as operating expenses,
based on their grant date fair values. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the vesting life of the underlying
stock options and is included in selling, general and administrative costs and expenses in the consolidated comprehensive statements
of operations for all periods presented.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments.   Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent
information available to management as of July 31, 2016 and 2015. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial
instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, royalties and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate
fair values because they are short term in nature or they bear current market interest rates.  

As
of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the respective carrying value of the notes payable   related party and notes payable  
other approximate our current borrowing rate for similar debt instruments of comparable maturity and are considered Level 3 measurements
within the fair value hierarchy.  

Foreign
Currency Translation.   The functional currency for the Company s foreign subsidiary is the local currency. Assets
and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date while income and expense amounts are translated
at average exchange rates during the period. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are disclosed as a separate
component of shareholders  deficit and other comprehensive income. Foreign currency translation gain was $0 and $1 for the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Comprehensive
Income (Loss).   Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period
from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, including foreign currency translations.  

Loss
Contingencies.   We recognize contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. In this context, we define probability
as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs, we record such costs as incurred.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements.    

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which amends existing lease guidance. The update requires lessees
to recognize a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for many operating leases now currently off-balance sheet under
current US GAAP. Accounting by lessors remains largely unchanged from current US GAAP. The update is effective using a modified
retrospective approach for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years, with early
application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect the update will have on its financial statements.  

In
July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which affects the measurement of inventory. The update requires inventory
to be measured using the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined in the update as the estimated
selling prices in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.
The update applies to all types of inventory except inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The update is
effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company adopted the update as
of August 1, 2015. The adoption did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which affects the revenue recognition of entities that enter into either
(1) certain contracts to transfer goods or services to customers or (2) certain contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets.
The update indicates an entity should recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to been
titled to in exchange for the goods or services transferred by the entity. The update is to be applied to the beginning of the
year of implementation or retrospectively and is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and in interim
periods in that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effect the
update will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

3.
INVENTORIES   

The
Company s inventory consists of the following (in thousands):  

The
Company recorded inventory valuation adjustments of $327,000 and $20,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. The $327,000
inventory valuation adjustment for the year ended July 31, 2016 resulted from management s year-end business review and
related assessment of the net realizable value of the Exer-Rest units. Factors in this determination included the age of inventory,
recent historical sales, and the uncertainty of when the Company would have a sales team, either internal or through an alliance
or collaboration, for the Exer-Rest. Previous to year end, factors similar to those above led management to conclude that inventory
was recorded at the lower of cost and net realizable value (or lower-of-cost or market for previous years). In light of the change
in circumstances in connection with management s year-end business review which included a decision to not pursue re-hiring
a sales force or such other alternatives in the foreseeable future, management reassessed its inventory valuation and recorded
a provision on inventory. Additionally the inventory adjustment includes spare parts and a single used Exer-Rest.  

A
summary of the inventory valuation adjustment consists of the following (in thousands):  

Inventory
      
     Valuation  
     Adjustment        
 
      Finished goods including
    landing costs       
      $    313        
 
      Spare parts       
           11        
 
      Used inventory       
           3        
 
      Total
    inventory valuation adjustment       
      $    327        

The
$20,000 inventory valuation adjustments for the year ended July 31, 2015 was related to damage sustained to certain units in the
warehouse.  

Although
it does not plan to do so, if the Company were to dispose of the inventory outside the course of normal business, the amount recovered
by the Company may likely be substantially less than the carrying value.  

4.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

The
Company measures the cost of employee, officer and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based
on the grant-date fair value of the award. The fair value of the Company s stock option awards is expensed over the vesting
life of the underlying stock options using the graded vesting method, with each tranche of vesting options valued separately.
The Company did not record any stock based compensation expense for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company s 2000 Stock Option Plan, as amended (the  2000 Plan ), provides for the issuance of up to 2,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The 2000 Plan allows the issuance of incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights
and restricted stock awards. The exercise price of the options is determined by the compensation committee of the Company s
Board of Directors, but incentive stock options, if any, must be granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value
of the Company s common stock as of the grant date or an exercise price of not less than 110% of the fair value for a 10%
shareholder. Options expire up to ten years from the date of the grant and are exercisable according to the terms of the individual
option agreements. The 2000 Plan has expired and no future grants can be made from the 2000 Plan; however, previously granted
options will remain in force pursuant to the terms of the individual grants.  

In
November 2010, the Board and Compensation Committee approved the Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan
(the  2011 Plan ). Awards granted under the 2011 Plan may consist of incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights
(SAR), restricted stock grants, restricted stock units (RSU) performance shares, performance units or cash awards. The 2011 Plan
authorizes up to 4,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to the terms of the 2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan was approved
by our shareholders in March 2012 and no awards have been granted under the 2011 Plan as of July 31, 2016.  

The
Company did not grant any stock options for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

All
of the options outstanding at July 31, 2016 and 2015 were issued under the 2000 Plan.  

There
were no options forfeited or exercised for the year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

As
of July 31, 2016, there were no unrecognized costs related to outstanding stock options.  

5.
NOTES PAYABLE    

2010
Credit Facility.  On March 31, 2010, the Company entered into a new Note and Security Agreement with Frost Gamma Investments
Trust ( Frost Gamma ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock, and Hsu Gamma Investments, LP ( Hsu Gamma ), an entity controlled by the Company s Chairman and
Interim CEO(together, the  Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders have provided a revolving credit line (the  Credit
Facility ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1.0 million, secured by all of the Company s personal property.
The Company is permitted to borrow and reborrow from time to time under the Credit Facility until July 31, 2013 and subsequently
the date was extended to July 31, 2017 (the  Credit Facility Maturity Date ). The interest rate payable on amounts
outstanding under the Credit Facility is 11% per annum, and increases to 16% per annum after the Credit Facility Maturity Date
or after an event of default. All amounts owing under the Credit Facility are required to be repaid by the Credit Facility Maturity
Date, and amounts outstanding are prepayable at any time. As of July 31, 2016, the Company had drawn an aggregate of $1,000,000
under the Credit Facility and there is no available balance remaining.  

2011
Promissory Notes.  On September 12, 2011, the Company entered into two promissory notes in the principal amount of $50,000
each with Frost Gamma, a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock, and with an unrelated third party for a total of $100,000. The interest rate payable by the Company on both the
2011 Frost Gamma Note and the unrelated third party note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of September 12, 2014
and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017 (the  Promissory Notes Maturity Date ). The Company may prepay
either or both notes in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2012
Promissory Note.  On May 30, 2012, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Hsu Gamma,
an entity controlled by the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  2012
Hsu Gamma Note ). The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2012 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of September 12, 2014 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017. The Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance
of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2013
Promissory Note.  On February 22, 2013, the Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao,
the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  2013 Hsiao Note ). The interest
rate payable by the Company on the 2013 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, originally payable on the maturity date of September 12,
2014 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017. The 2013 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2014
Promissory Note.  On September 24, 2014, the Company entered into a promissory note (the  2014 Hsiao Note ) in
the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer.
The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2014 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017.
The 2014 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

2015
Promissory Notes.  On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note (the  2015 Hsiao Note ) in the
principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The
interest rate payable by the Company on the 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The
2015 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

On
April 16, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note ( April 2015 Frost Gamma Note ) in the amount of $100,000
with Frost Gamma ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the April 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The April 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
August 12, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $25,000 with Frost Gamma (the  August
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the August 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The August 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Frost Gamma (the  October
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the October 2015 Frost Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The October 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s
Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  October 2015 Hsiao Note ). The interest rate payable
by the Company on the October 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The October 2015
Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2016
Promissory Notes.  On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Frost
Gamma (the  June 2016 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess
of 10% of the Company s common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the June 2016 Frost Gamma Note is 11%
per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The June 2016 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Hsu Gamma, an entity controlled
by NIMS  Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note ).
The interest rate payable by NIMS on the June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date.
The June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

At
July 31, 2016, the Company was obligated under the above described Credit Facility and Promissory Notes to make future principal
payments (excluding interest) as follows:  

6.
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

The
Company has three classes of Preferred Stock. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock are entitled to vote with the holders of common stock as a single class on all matters.  

Series
B Preferred Stock is not redeemable by the Company and has a liquidation value of $100 per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends,
if any. Dividends are non-cumulative, and are at the rate of $10 per share, if declared.  

Series
C Preferred Stock is redeemable by the Company at a price of $0.10 per share upon 30 days prior written notice. This series has
a liquidation value of $1.00 per share plus declared and unpaid dividends, if any. Dividends are non-cumulative, and are at the
rate of $0.10 per share, if declared. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into 25 shares of the Company s
common stock upon payment of a conversion premium of $4.20 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and the conversion premium
are subject to adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits and certain other events.  

Series
D Preferred Stock is not redeemable by the Company. This series has a liquidation value of $1,500 per share, plus declared and
unpaid dividends, if any. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into 5,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits and certain
other events.  

The
Company issued 65,000 shares of the Company s common stock for the conversion of 13 shares of Series D Preferred Stock during
the twelve months ended July 31, 2015 and did not issue any shares of the Company s common stock for the twelve months ended
July 31, 2016. No preferred stock dividends have been declared as of July 31, 2016 or 2015.  

7.
BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE   

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all dilutive potential
common shares that were outstanding during the period. Diluted potential common shares consist of incremental shares issuable
upon exercise of stock options and warrants and conversion of preferred stock. In computing diluted net loss per share for the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, no dilution adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares because
the assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the conversion of preferred stock would be anti-dilutive.  

Potential
common shares not included in calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows:  

8.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Dr.
Hsiao, Dr. Frost and directors Steven Rubin and Rao Uppaluri are each stockholders, current or former officers and/or directors
or former directors of TransEnterix, Inc. (formerly SafeStitch Medical, Inc.) ( TransEnterix ), a publicly-traded,
medical device manufacturer, Tiger X Medical, Inc. ( Tiger X ) (formerly known as Cardo Medical, Inc.), a publicly
traded former medical device company, Cogint, Inc. ( Cogint ) (formerly known as IDI, Inc.), a publicly-traded data
fusion company and VBI Vaccines Inc, a vaccine development company. The Company s Chief Financial Officer also served as
the Chief Financial Officer of TransEnterix until October 2, 2013. The Company s Chief Financial Officer continued as an
employee of TransEnterix until March 3, 2014, during which he supervised the Miami based accounting staff of TransEnterix under
a cost sharing arrangement whereby the total salaries of the Miami based accounting staff was shared by the Company and TransEnterix.
Since December 2009, the Company s Chief Legal Officer has served under a similar cost sharing arrangement as Corporate
Counsel of Cogint and as the Chief Legal Officer of each of TransEnterix and Tiger X. The Company recorded additions to selling,
general and administrative costs and expenses to account for the sharing of costs under these arrangements of $36,000 and $32,000
for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Aggregate accounts payable to TransEnterix totaled approximately $800
and $1,200 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
Company signed a five year lease for office space in Miami, Florida with a company controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, who is the
beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Company s common stock. The rental payments under the Miami office lease, which
commenced January 1, 2008 and expired on December 31, 2012, were approximately $1,250 per month and then continued on a month-to-month
basis. In February 2016 the rent was reduced to $0 per month. For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
rent expense related to the Miami lease of $9,000 and $15,000, respectively. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately $76,000
and $67,000 in rent was payable.  

The
Company signed a three year lease for warehouse space in Hialeah, Florida with a company jointly controlled by Dr. Frost and Dr.
Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman and Interim CEO. The rental payments under the Hialeah warehouse lease, which commenced
February 1, 2009 and expired on January 31, 2012, were approximately $5,000 per month for the first year and were subsequently
on a month-to-month basis following the expiration of the lease. As further described in Note 9, the Company vacated the Hialeah
warehouse in September 2014 and entered into a new lease with an unrelated third party. The Company recorded $0 and $6,000 of
rent expense related to the Hialeah lease for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At July 31, 2016 and 2015,
approximately $115,000 in rent was payable.  

As
more fully described in Note 5, the Company entered into a $1.0 million Credit Facility in March 2010 with both an entity controlled
by Dr. Frost and an entity controlled by Dr. Hsiao. There were no advances under the Credit Facility for the years ended July
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,000,000 was outstanding as of July 31, 2016 and 2015. The Company accrued interest expense
related to the Credit Facility of approximately $110,000 for each of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A total
of $810,000 and $641,000 in accumulated interest payable on the Credit Facility and promissory notes remained outstanding as of
July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, respectively.  

In
addition to the Credit Facility, the Company has entered into the following related party notes:  

2011
Promissory Notes.  On September 12, 2011, the Company entered into two promissory notes in the principal amount of $50,000
each with Frost Gamma, a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock, and with an unrelated third party for a total of $100,000. The interest rate payable by the Company on both the
2011 Frost Gamma Note and the unrelated third party note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of September 12, 2014
and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017 (the  Promissory Notes Maturity Date ). The Company may prepay
either or both notes in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2012
Promissory Note.  On May 30, 2012, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Hsu Gamma,
an entity controlled by the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  2012
Hsu Gamma Note ). The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2012 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of September 12, 2014 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017. The Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance
of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2013
Promissory Note.  On February 22, 2013, the Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao,
the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  2013 Hsiao Note ). The interest
rate payable by the Company on the 2013 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, originally payable on the maturity date of September 12,
2014 and subsequently the date was extended to July 31, 2017. The 2013 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2014
Promissory Note.  On September 24, 2014, the Company entered into a promissory note (the  2014 Hsiao Note ) in
the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer.
The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2014 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017.
The 2014 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

2015
Promissory Notes.  On February 2, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note (the  2015 Hsiao Note ) in the
principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The
interest rate payable by the Company on the 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The
2015 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

On
April 16, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note ( April 2015 Frost Gamma Note ) in the amount of $100,000
with Frost Gamma ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the April 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The April 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
August 12, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $25,000 with Frost Gamma (the  August
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the August 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The August 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Frost Gamma (the  October
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the October 2015 Frost Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The October 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s
Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  October 2015 Hsiao Note ). The interest rate payable
by the Company on the October 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The October 2015
Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

2016
Promissory Notes.  On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Frost
Gamma (the  June 2016 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess
of 10% of the Company s common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the June 2016 Frost Gamma Note is 11%
per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The June 2016 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Hsu Gamma, an entity controlled
by NIMS  Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note ).
The interest rate payable by NIMS on the June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date.
The June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

9.
COMMITMENTS    

Leases .  

The
Company is under an operating lease agreement for office space that expired in 2012 and continued on a month to month basis. In
February 2016 the office space rent was reduced to $0 per month. We house our inventory in approximately 4,000 square feet of
warehouse space in Pembroke Park, Florida. The lease commenced September 15, 2014 and originally expired on September 30, 2015
and we have exercised our one year option to renew that extends the expiration to September 15, 2016. We intend to then exercise
our additional one year option to renew.  

The
Company is under an operating lease agreement for our corporate office space that expired in 2012 and continues on a month to
month basis at no cost.  

Generally,
the lease agreements require the payment of base rent plus escalations for increases in building operating costs and real estate
taxes. Rental expense under these operating leases amounted to $52,000 and $60,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  

Future
minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases are as approximately follows for the years ended July 31:  

Product
Development and Supply Agreement.   

On
September 4, 2007, the Company entered into a Product Development and Supply Agreement (the  Agreement ) with Sing
Lin Technologies Co. Ltd., a company based in Taichung, Taiwan ( Sing Lin ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company
consigned to Sing Lin the development and design of the next generation Exer-Rest and related devices. The Agreement commenced
as of September 3, 2007 and had a term that extended three years from the acceptance by NIMS of the first run of production units.
Thereafter, the Agreement automatically renewed for successive one year terms unless either party sent the other a notice of non-renewal.
Either party was permitted to terminate the Agreement with ninety days prior written notice. Upon termination, each party s
obligations under the Agreement were to be limited to obligations related to confirmed orders placed prior to the termination
date.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Sing Lin designed, developed and manufactured the tooling required to manufacture the acceleration therapeutic
platforms for a total cost to the Company of $471,000. Sing Lin utilized the tooling in the performance of its production obligations
under the Agreement. The Company paid Sing Lin $150,000 of the tooling cost upon execution of the Agreement and $150,000 upon
the Company s approval of the product prototype concepts and designs. The balance of the final tooling cost became due and
payable in September 2008 upon acceptance of the first units produced using the tooling, and was paid in full during the year
ended July 31, 2009.  

Under
the now-terminated Agreement, the Company also granted Sing Lin the exclusive distribution rights for the products in certain
countries in the Far East, including Taiwan, China, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Indonesia and certain other countries. Sing
Lin agreed not to sell the Products outside its geographic areas in the Far East.  

The
Agreement provided for the Company to purchase approximately $2.6 million of Exer-Rest units within one year of the September
2008 acceptance of the final product. The Agreement further provided for the Company to purchase $4.1 million and $8.8 million
of Exer-Rest products in the second and third years following such acceptance, respectively. These minimum purchase amounts were
based upon 2007 product costs multiplied by volume commitments. Through July 31, 2016, the Company had paid Sing Lin $1.7 million
in connection with orders placed through that date. As of July 31, 2016, the Company has approximately $41,000 of payables due
to Sing Lin. As of July 31, 2016, aggregate minimum future purchases under the Agreement totaled approximately $13.9 million.  

As
of July 31, 2016, the Company had not placed orders sufficient to meet the first-year or second-year minimum purchase obligations
under the Agreement. The Company notified Sing Lin in June 2010 that it was terminating the Agreement effective September 2010,
and Sing Lin in July 2010 demanded that the Company place orders sufficient to fulfill the three year minimum purchase obligations
in the Agreement. As of October 24, 2016 Sing Lin has not followed up on its July 2010 demand. There can be no assurance that
Sing Lin will not attempt to enforce its remedies under the Agreement, or pursue other potential remedies.  

10.
LONG-LIVED ASSETS   

The
Company s long-lived assets include furniture and equipment, computers, tooling, websites and software, leasehold improvements,
patents and trademarks. Tooling and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, consisted of the following at July 31, 2016 and
2015 (in thousands):  

Depreciation
expense was $1,000 and $0 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Nine Exer-Rest AT3800 and AT4700 demonstration
units are included in demo equipment at an aggregate cost of $25,000. These units were placed in service in fiscal 2009 and 2010,
and were fully depreciated based upon five-year estimated useful lives.  

11.
INCOME TAXES    

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, the objective of which is to establish deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of the Company s assets
and liabilities at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. A valuation allowance
related to deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  

The
accounting for uncertain tax positions guidance under ASC 740 requires that we recognize the financial statement benefit of a
tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following
an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the
largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax
authority. The application of this guidance does not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash
flows for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company files its tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, Canada federal jurisdiction and with various U.S. states and the
Ontario province of Canada. The Company is subject to tax audits in all jurisdictions for which it files tax returns. Tax audits
by their very nature are often complex and can require several years to complete. There are currently no tax audits that have
commenced with respect to income tax or any other returns in any jurisdiction. Tax years ranging from 2013 to 2016 remain open
to examination by various taxing jurisdictions as the statute of limitations has not expired. Because the Company is carrying
forward income tax attributes, such as net operating losses and tax credits from 2012 and earlier tax years, these attributes
can still be audited when utilized on returns filed in the future. It is the Company s policy to include income tax interest
and penalties expense in its tax provision.  

The
difference between income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate and income taxes reported in the consolidated comprehensive
statements of operations are attributable to the following:  

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets consist of the following
(in thousands):  

At
July 31, 2016, the Company had available Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $15.5 million and
foreign net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $0.1 million which expire in various years beginning in 2019. Total
Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards include approximately $2.0 million generated from the exercise of non-statutory
stock options. The net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to limitation due to change of ownership provisions under
section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions.  

A
valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. After consideration of all the evidence,
both positive and negative, management has determined that a full $6.3 million valuation allowance at July 31, 2016 ($6.0 million
at July 31, 2015) was necessary. The increases in the valuation allowance for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
278,000 and $158,000, respectively. Of the total increase in the valuation allowance for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
approximately $0 and $0, respectively, was attributed to the exercise of non-statutory stock options. The Company paid no taxes
for the years 2016 or 2015.  

12.
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES AND CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK   

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to risk consist principally of cash, royalties and other receivables, and purchases
and advances to contract manufacturer.  

Cash.
 The Company does not have cash deposits in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) limit.  

Inventories:
 The provision on inventory is an estimate based on multiple factors as further described in Note 3. The ultimate realization
of the inventory amounts may be materially different. During 2016, the Company did not renew its FDA registration for the Exer-Rest
and as of the date of these financial statement, the Company had started the process to renew its registration and does not anticipate
any significant delays or effects on operations. If the registration were to be rejected or significantly delayed, the Company's
sales could be affected. Also, during 2016, the Company did not renew its International Organization for Standardization ( ISO )
certification which could prevent sales from being permitted in Europe and other areas that may require ISO certification. The
Company does not anticipate this will significantly affect its expected revenues, in part because the Company does not anticipate
significant potential future revenues from Europe.  

Royalties
and Other Receivables.  The Company currently grants credit to a limited number of customers, substantially all of whom are
corporations and medical providers located throughout the United States and Canada. The Company typically does not require collateral
from these customers.  

Purchases
from and Advances to Contract Manufacturer.  Substantially all of the Company s current inventory has been acquired from
Sing Lin pursuant to the now-terminated Agreement. The Company notified Sing Lin in June 2010 that it was terminating the agreement
effective September 2010. If the Company is unable to establish a contract and obtain a sufficient alternative supply from Sing
Lin or another supplier, it may not be able to procure additional inventory on a timely basis or in the quantities required. Sing
Lin and its subcontractors currently maintain custody of the Company s specialized tooling, which could adversely impact
the Company s ability to reallocate production to other vendors.  

Major
Customers.  Substantially all of the Company s revenue for the year ended July 31, 2016 resulted from sales from 1 customer
who was a distributor outside the United States. There is no guarantee such sales will be made in the future to this customer.
Sales to foreign distributors generally require prepayment by such distributors or letter of credit guarantees in respect of payments
by such distributors.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

None.  

Item
9A(T). Controls and Procedures.  

The
Company s management, with the participation of its Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of July 31, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of that date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
the end of the period covered by this annual report.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

For
the period ended July 31, 2016, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management (with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that,
as of July 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm, Morrison, Brown, Argiz   Farra,
LLC, regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s
report in this annual report.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the last quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

Item
9B. Other Information.  

None.  

PART
III   

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  

We
believe that the combination of the respective qualifications, skills and experience of our directors contribute to an effective
and well-functioning board and that, individually and as a whole, our directors possess the necessary qualifications to provide
effective oversight of our business and quality advice to our management. Our directors are elected annually and serve until the
next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and appointed, or until his or her earlier resignation,
removal from office or death. Information regarding the age, experience and qualifications of each director is set forth below.  

Jane
H. Hsiao, Ph.D., MBA  . Dr. Hsiao has served as a Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors (the  Board )
of the Company since October 2008 and as Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2012. Dr. Hsiao has served as Vice Chairman
and Chief Technical Officer of OPKO Health, Inc. ( OPKO ), a specialty healthcare company, since May 2007 and as a
director since February 2007. Dr. Hsiao served as the Vice Chairman   Technical Affairs of IVAX from 1995 to January 2006.
Dr. Hsiao served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of IVAX Animal Health, IVAX s veterinary products subsidiary,
from 1998 to 2006. Dr. Hsiao is also a director of each of TransEnterix, Inc., a medical device company, Neovasc, Inc., a company
developing and marketing medical specialty vascular devices, and Cocrystal Pharma, Inc., a biotechnology company developing antiviral
therapeutics for human diseases. Dr. Hsiao previously served as a director for Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., a development stage
pharmaceutical company, PROLOR Biotech, Inc., prior to its acquisition by OPKO in August 2013, and as Chairman of the Board of
SafeStitch Medical, Inc., a medical device company, prior to its merger with TransEnterix, Inc.  

Dr.
Hsiao s background in medical device and pharmaceutical industry, as well as her senior management experience, allow her
to play an integral role in overseeing our product development and regulatory affairs and in navigating the regulatory pathways
for our products and product candidates. In addition, as a result of her role as director and/or chairman of other companies in
the biotechnology and life sciences space, she also has a keen understanding and appreciation of the many regulatory and development
issues confronting pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.  

Marvin
A. Sackner, M.D.   Dr. Sackner has served as a Director since he was first elected as our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer and Director in November 1989 and served as Chairman of the Board from November 1989 until October 2008. He served as
our CEO from 1989 until 2002 and from December 2007 to February 2012. In 1977, Dr. Sackner co-founded Respitrace Corporation,
a predecessor to the Company, and was the Chairman of its board of directors from 1981 until October 1989. Dr. Sackner served
as a director of Continucare Corporation ( Continucare ), a provider of outpatient healthcare services, until October
2011. From 1974 until October 1991, Dr. Sackner was the Director of Medical Services at Mount Sinai in Miami Beach, Florida. From
1973 through 1996, he served as Professor of Medicine, University of Miami at Mount Sinai. Since 2004, he has been Voluntary Professor
of Medicine, Leonard Miller Medical School of University of Miami. From 1979 to 1980, Dr. Sackner was the President of the American
Thoracic Society. Dr. Sackner was the Chairman of the Pulmonary Disease Subspecialty Examining Board of the American Board of
Internal Medicine from 1977 to 1980. In 2007, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate Degree for  outstanding work in the entire
field of pulmonology and sleep disorders,  by the University of Zurich (Switzerland). Dr. Sackner holds more than 30 U.S.
patents and has published four books and more than 200 scientific papers.  

Dr.
Sackner s experience as the Company s former CEO, as a medical doctor and as the primary inventor of the Company s
products enables him to provide valuable board leadership and insight into the development of our products.  

Taffy
Gould.   Ms. Gould has served as a Director of the Company since December, 2000 and served as Vice Chairman of the Board
from April 2002 to October 2008. Since 1977, she has been the President of Housing Engineers of Florida, Inc., a Florida real
estate management company. Since 2002 she has served as Chairman of the Oceania University of Medicine, an internationally accredited
medical school located in Apia, Samoa. Additionally, she has served since March 2002 as the managing member of e-Medical Education,
LLC, a company founded in 2002 that creates and delivers online medical education and administers the Oceania University of Medicine.  

Ms.
Gould s varied marketing, business, healthcare and medical education experience bring valuable insight, leadership and a
unique perspective to the Board.  

Morton
J. Robinson, M.D.   has served as a Director of the Company since November 1989, and served as Secretary of the Company
from August 2001 to November 2009. Dr. Robinson has been a practicing pathologist since 1961, and from 1987 until December 2004,
Dr. Robinson served as Director and Chairman of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center,
Miami Beach. Dr. Robinson has served as Chairman Emeritus of that department since January 2005.  

Dr.
Robinson s medical background and expertise brings a unique perspective to our Board on a variety of medical and healthcare
related issues. We believe Dr. Robinson s insight and experience will be valuable in the further development of our products.  

Steven
D. Rubin.   Mr. Rubin has served as a Director of the Company since October 2008. Mr. Rubin has served as Executive Vice
President   Administration of OPKO since May 2007 and as a director since February 2007. Mr. Rubin served as the Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of IVAX from August 2001 until September 2006. Mr. Rubin currently serves on the
board of directors of Cogint, Inc. (formerly IDI, Inc.), a data analytics information provider to the risk management industry,
VBI Vaccines Inc., a pharmaceutical development and manufacturing company, Kidville, Inc., which operates large, upscale facilities,
catering to newborns through five-year-old children and their families and offers a wide range of developmental classes for newborns
to five-year-olds, Cocrystal Pharma Inc., a biotechnology company developing antiviral therapeutics for human diseases, Castle
Brands, Inc., a developer and marketer of premium brand spirits, Neovasc, Inc., a company developing and marketing medical specialty
vascular devices, and Sevion Therapeutics Inc. (formerly Senesco Technologies, Inc.), a clinical stage company which discovers
and develops next-generation biologics for the treatment of cancer and immunological diseases. Mr. Rubin previously served as
a director of Dreams, Inc., a vertically integrated sports licensing and products company, Safestitch Medical, Inc. prior to its
merger with TransEnterix, Inc., PROLOR Biotech, Inc., prior to its acquisition by OPKO in August 2013 and Tiger X Medical, Inc.,
previously an early stage orthopedic medical device company, in which Mr. Rubin also served as Interim CEO and Interim CFO from
May 2016 through October 24, 2016.  

Mr.
Rubin brings to the Board his extensive leadership, business and legal experience, as well as his extensive knowledge of the pharmaceutical
and life science industry generally. Mr. Rubin has more than 20 years  experience advising a broad range of companies in
many aspects of business, regulatory, transactional and legal affairs. His experience as a practicing lawyer, general counsel
and board member for multiple public companies, including several life sciences, medical device and pharmaceutical companies,
has given him broad understanding and expertise, particularly relating to strategic planning and acquisitions.  

Subbarao
V. Uppaluri, Ph.D.   Dr. Uppaluri has served as a Director of the Company since October 2008. Dr. Uppaluri served as a consultant
until February 2014 to OPKO and has previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OPKO from May 2007
until July 2012. Dr. Uppaluri is a member of The Frost Group. Dr. Uppaluri served as the Vice President, Strategic Planning and
Treasurer of IVAX from 1997 until December 2006. Before joining IVAX, from 1987 to August 1996, Dr. Uppaluri was Senior Vice President,
Senior Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer with Intercontinental Bank, a publicly traded commercial bank in Florida.
In addition, he served in various positions, including Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer and Controller, at Peninsula
Federal Savings   Loan Association, a publicly traded Florida S L, from October 1983 to 1987. His prior employment, during
1974 to 1983, included engineering, marketing and research positions with multinational companies and research institutes in India
and the United States. Dr. Uppaluri previously served on the boards of OPKO, Winston Pharmaceuticals Inc., Ideation Acquisition
Corp., Tiger X Medical, Inc. and Kidville.  

Dr.
Uppaluri brings extensive leadership, business, and accounting experience, as well as knowledge of our business and the pharmaceutical
industry generally, to the Board. His experience as the former chief financial officer of OPKO and board member to multiple public
companies, including several pharmaceutical and life sciences companies, has given him broad understanding and expertise, particularly
relating to business, accounting and finance matters.  

Identification
of Executive Officers   

The
following individuals are our executive officers:  

Name  
         
      Age  
         
      Position   
 
      Jane H. Hsiao, Ph.D., MBA  
         
      69  
         
      Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director   
 
      James J. Martin, CPA, MBA  
         
      49  
         
      Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

Each
of our officers serves until the earlier of her or his resignation, removal by the Board or death.  

Biographical
information for Jane H. Hsiao is set forth above.  

James
J. Martin.   Mr. Martin, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2011, and, from July 2010 through January
2011, he served as our Controller. From January 2011 to October 2, 2013, Mr. Martin served as Chief Financial Officer of SafeStitch
prior to its merger with TransEnterix, Inc. Since September 2014 Mr. Martin has served as Chief Financial Officer of VBI Vaccines
Inc. (formerly SciVac Therapeutics, Inc.) (NASDAQ: VBIV), pharmaceutical development and manufacturing company. From April 2014
to September 2015, Mr. Martin served as Chief Financial Officer of Vapor Corp, Inc. (NASDAQ: VPCO), a vaporizer retail and wholesale
company. From July 2010 through January 2011, Mr. Martin served as Controller of each of SafeStitch and Aero Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. ( Aero ). Prior to joining NIMS, from 2008 through 2010, Mr. Martin served as Controller of AAR Aircraft Services-Miami,
a subsidiary of AAR Corp, an aerospace and defense company at which he was responsible for all financial reporting and logistics
for AAR Aircraft Services-Miami. From 2005-2008, Mr. Martin served as Controller of Avborne Heavy Maintenance, a commercial aircraft
maintenance repair and overhaul company. Mr. Martin previously has served as Vice President of Finance of Aero, a privately held
pharmaceutical distributor.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Under
section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Company s directors,
executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent (10%) of our common stock are required to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. To the Company s knowledge, based solely on a review of copies of such
reports furnished to the Company during and/or with respect to Fiscal 2014, the Company is not aware of any late or delinquent
filings required under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act in respect of the Company s common stock or other equity securities.  

Code
of Ethics  

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and other persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website
at  www.nims-inc.com . We intend to post amendments to, or waivers from a provision of, our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions on our
website. Neither our website nor any information contained or linked therein constitutes a part of this report.  

Audit
Committee   

We
have a separately-designated standing audit committee, established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act.
The Audit Committee is composed of the following non-employee directors: Dr. Subbarao V. Uppaluri, Chairman, Taffy Gould and Steven
D. Rubin. Our Board has determined that Dr. Uppaluri is an independent audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation.  

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table summarizes the compensation information for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 for our principal executive
officer and each of the two most highly compensated executive officers receiving compensation in excess of $100,000 in any such
fiscal year. We refer to these persons as our named executive officers.  

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE  

Name
    and Principal Position  

Year   

Salary
    ($)   

Bonus
    ($)   

Option
    Awards ($)    

All
                                         Other Compensation   
           ($)

Total   
           ($)    

Jane Hsiao   Interim CEO (1)  

2016  

2015  

1.  
      Dr.
    Hsiao receives no salary from the Company.   

Outstanding
Equity Awards as of July 31, 2016    

The
following table sets forth information with respect to outstanding option awards as of July 31, 2016 for our named executive officers.
We did not grant any stock awards in Fiscal 2015.  

Option
    Awards   
 
      Name  
         
      Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable  
         
      Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable  

Option
    Exercise Price ($)  

Option
    Expiration Date   
 
      Jane
    Hsiao, Interim CEO  
         
      20,000  

$  
      0.43  

March
    8, 2017   

Risk
Considerations in our Compensation Programs    

We
have reviewed our compensation structures and policies as they pertain to risk and have determined that our compensation programs
do not create or encourage the taking of risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  

We
did not grant any stock awards in the year ended July 31, 2016. As of July 31, 2016, the aggregate number of outstanding stock
options (both exercisable and unexercisable) for each non-employee director was as follows:  

Director
Compensation  

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, our Directors did not receive any compensation for their respective service on our Board or any
committee thereof.  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  

The
following table sets forth certain information as of October 6, 2014 concerning the beneficial ownership of our voting stock by
(i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock,
(ii) each of our directors, (iii) each current named executive officer, and (iv) all of our current named executive officers and
directors as a group. Unless otherwise noted, all holders listed below have sole voting power and investment power over the shares
beneficially owned by them, except to the extent such power may be shared with such person s spouse.  

*  
      Less
    than 1%   

(1)  
      The
    mailing address of each 5% beneficial holder listed is 4400 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, Florida 33137.   

(2)  
       A
    person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of common stock and preferred stock that can be acquired by such person within
    60 days from July 31, 2016 upon exercise of option and warrants, or through the conversion of convertible preferred stock.   

(3)  
      Based
    on 79,007,423 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016. Each beneficial owner s percentage
    ownership is determined by assuming that options and warrants that are held by such person (but not those held by any other
    person) and that are exercisable within 60 days from the date hereof have been exercised and that any convertible secured
    stock held by such person (but no other person) has been converted into common stock..   

(4)  
      Based
    on 62,048 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016. Each share of Series
    C Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 25 shares of common stock upon payment of a $4.20 per share of common stock conversion
    premium. Holders of Series C Convertible Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Series C Convertible Stock.   

(5)  
      Based
    on 2,782 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016. Each share of Series D
    Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 5,000 shares of common stock. Holders of Series D Convertible Stock are entitled
    to one vote for each share of Series D Convertible Stock.   

(6)  
      Common
    stock holdings include 2,150,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of 430 shares of Series D Convertible
    Preferred Stock held by the Chin Hsiung Hsiao Family Trust A, and 3,670,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon
    conversion of 734 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock held by Hsu Gamma Investments, L.P. Dr. Hsiao is trustee
    of the Chin Hsiung Hsiao Family Trust A. and Dr. Jane Hsiao is the general partner of Hsu Gamma Investments, L.P.   

(7)  
      Common
    stock holdings include options to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock.   

(8)  
      Common
    stock holdings include options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock and 250,000 shares of common stock which may be acquired
    upon conversion of 50 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Includes securities held by the Taffy Gould Revocable
    Trust of which Ms. Gould is trustee and sole beneficiary and over which she has power to revoke. Does not include shares of
    common stock and options to purchase common stock held by family members.   

(9)  
      Includes
    options to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock, 186,159 shares held jointly with Dr. Robinson s spouse and 26,250
    shares owned by Dr. Robinson s spouse. Includes 26,829 shares of common stock which may be acquired upon conversion
    of 1,073 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.   

(10)  
      Common
    stock holdings include options to purchase 145,000 shares of common stock, 26,829 shares of common stock which may be acquired
    upon conversion of 1,073 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 5,820,000 shares of common stock which may be acquired upon
    conversion of 1,164 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.   

(11)  
      Common
    stock holdings include 625 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of 25 shares of Series C Convertible
    Preferred Stock. Common stock and Preferred Stock holdings include beneficial ownership of shares held by Frost Gamma Investments
    Trust (See Note 12).   

(12)  
      Common
    stock holdings include 12,500 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of 500 shares of Series C Convertible
    Preferred Stock and 6,335,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of 1,267 shares of Series D Convertible
    Preferred Stock. Dr. Phillip Frost is the trustee and Frost Gamma, Limited Partnership is the sole and exclusive beneficiary
    of Frost Gamma Investments Trust. Dr. Frost is one of two limited partners of Frost Gamma, Limited Partnership. The general
    partner of Frost Gamma Limited Partnership is Frost Gamma Inc. and the sole shareholder of Frost Gamma, Inc. is Frost-Nevada
    Corporation. Dr. Frost is also the sole shareholder of Frost-Nevada Corporation.   

(13)  
      Common
    stock holdings include 3,670,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of 734 shares of Series D Convertible
    Preferred Stock. Dr. Jane Hsiao is the general partner of Hsu Gamma Investments, L.P.   

(14)  
      Common
    stock holdings include 1,387,916 shares held directly, 166,200 shares held in a retirement account for the benefit of Richard
    J. Rosenstock, 10,000 shares held by Mr. Rosenstock s spouse, 3,200,000 shares owned by Mr. Rosenstock s spouse
    as trustee for Mr. Rosenstock s spouse, 65,900 shares owned in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Rosenstock s spouse,
    65,000 shares owned in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Rosenstock and 640,540 shares owned by the Rosenstock Family partnership.   

Equity
Compensation Plan Information   

A
majority of our shareholders approved the Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2011 Plan )
on March 16, 2012. We have reserved a total of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance under this plan, subject to adjustment
for stock splits or any future stock dividends or other similar changes in our common stock or our capital structure. Our previous
2000 Stock Option Plan (the  2000 Plan ) reserved a total of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance, also
subject to adjustment for stock splits or any stock dividends or other similar changes in our common stock or our capital structure.
As of July 31, 2016, no options have been granted under the 2011 Plan and options to purchase 378,750 shares of common stock have
been granted under the 2000 Plan. A more detailed summary of the 2000 Plan is contained in Note 4 to our consolidated financial
statements set forth herein under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table provides information about our
equity compensation plans as of July 31, 2016:  

Number
                                         of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights   
           (a)    

Weighted-average
                                         exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights   
           (b)    

Number
                                         of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans
                                            
           (c)    

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders (1)    

200,000  

$  
      0.43  

4,000,000  

Equity compensation
    plans not approved by security holders (2)    

Total   

200,000  

$  
      0.43  

4,000,000  

In
November 2010, our Board and Compensation Committee approved the Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan
(the  2011 Plan ). Awards granted under the 2011 Plan may consist of incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights
(SAR), restricted stock grants, restricted stock units (RSU) performance shares, performance units or cash awards. The 2011 Plan
authorizes up to 4,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to the terms of the 2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan was approved
by our shareholders in March 2012 and no awards have been granted under the 2011 Plan as of July 31, 2016.  

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS    

Our
principal corporate office is located at 4400 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 180, Miami, Florida. We rent this space from Frost Real Estate
Holdings, LLC, a company controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, who is the beneficial owner of more than 10% of our common stock. We
currently lease approximately 1,800 square feet under the lease agreement, which had a five-year term that began on January 1,
2008. The lease required annual rent of approximately $56,000, and increased by approximately 4.5% per year. The lease expired
on December 31, 2012 and we had been renting on a month-to-month basis at approximately $1,250 per month. In February 2016 the
office space rent was reduced to $0 per month.  

We
also leased approximately 5,200 square feet of warehouse space in Hialeah, Florida from a company jointly controlled by Dr. Frost
and Dr. Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board. The warehouse lease, which had a three-year term that began on February 1, 2009, required
annual rent of approximately $58,000, which increased by approximately 3.5% per year. The lease expired on January 31, 2012 and
we had been renting on a month-to-month basis until September 2014. We vacated the Hialeah warehouse in September 2014 and entered
into a new lease with an unrelated third party.  

Dr.
Hsiao, Dr. Frost and directors Steven Rubin and Rao Uppaluri are each stockholders, current or former officers and/or directors
or former directors of TransEnterix, Inc. (formerly SafeStitch Medical, Inc.) ( TransEnterix ), a publicly-traded,
medical device manufacturer, Tiger X Medical, Inc. ( Tiger X ) (formerly known as Cardo Medical, Inc.), a publicly
traded former medical device company, and IDI, Inc. ( IDI ) (formerly known as Tiger Media), a publicly-traded data
fusion company. The Company s Chief Financial Officer also served as the Chief Financial Officer of TransEnterix until October
2, 2013. The Company s Chief Financial Officer continued as an employee of TransEnterix until March 3, 2014, during which
he supervised the Miami based accounting staff of TransEnterix under a cost sharing arrangement whereby the total salaries of
the Miami based accounting staff was shared by NIMS and TransEnterix. Since December 2009, the Company s Chief Legal Officer
has served under a similar cost sharing arrangement as Corporate Counsel of IDI and as the Chief Legal Officer of each of TransEnterix
and Tiger X. Under the cost sharing arrangement, certain accounting, finance and legal professionals make themselves available
to the other parties to the arrangement. We recorded aggregate fees of $36,000 for the year ended July 31, 2016 for the sharing
of costs under this arrangement with TransEnterix.  

On
March 31, 2010, we entered into a Note and Security Agreement with both an entity controlled by Dr. Frost and an entity controlled
by Dr. Hsiao (the  Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders granted us a revolving credit line (the  Credit
Facility ) in the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 million, secured by all of our personal property. We are permitted
to borrow and reborrow from time to time under the Credit Facility until July 31, 2017. The interest rate payable by us on amounts
outstanding under the Credit Facility is 11% per annum and increases to 16% per annum after the Maturity Date or after an event
of default. We are required to repay all amounts owing under the Credit Facility by the maturity date, and amounts outstanding
are prepayable at any time. As of July 31, 2016, we had drawn an aggregate of $1.0 million under the Credit Facility and there
is no available balance remaining. The Credit Facility expires in July 31, 2017.  

Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 2005 (the  2005 SPA ), between us and various investors (the  2005
Investors , which include Dr. Hsiao and Frost Gamma Investments Trust, a trust controlled by Dr. Frost), we granted certain
registration rights to the 2005 Investors with respect to the 28,500,000 shares of common stock (including shares of common stock
underlying warrants) acquired pursuant to the 2005 SPA. In addition, under the 2005 SPA, for as long as Frost Gamma Investments
Trust owns at least 5,000,000 shares of our common stock, it has the right to: (i) recommend and approve both the Chief Executive
Officer and the Director of Marketing, and (ii) cap all executive salaries. Frost Gamma Investments Trust has not exercised its
rights to cap executive salaries other than Dr. Sackner s salary, while Dr. Sackner served as CEO and President.  

On
September 12, 2011, we entered into two promissory notes in the principal amount of $50,000 each with Frost Gamma Investments
Trust, a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of our common stock, and with an unrelated
third party for a total of $100,000. The interest rate payable by the Company on both the Frost Gamma note and the unrelated third
party note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date. We may prepay either or both notes in advance of the
Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
May 30, 2012, we entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Hsu Gamma Investments, L.P., an entity
controlled by our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao. The interest rate payable by the Company
on the Hsu Gamma note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date. The Hsu Gamma note may be prepaid in advance
of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
February 22, 2013, we entered into a Promissory Note in the amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board and Interim
Chief Executive Officer. The interest rate payable by the Company on the Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date. The Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
September 24, 2014, we entered into a promissory note (the  2014 Hsiao Note ) in the principal amount of $50,000 with
Jane Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2014
Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The 2014 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the
Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

On
February 2, 2015, we entered into a promissory note (the  2015 Hsiao Note ) in the principal amount of $50,000 with
Jane Hsiao, our Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The interest rate payable by the Company on the 2015
Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The 2015 Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the
Promissory Notes Maturity Date without penalty.  

On
April 16, 2015, we entered into a promissory note ( April 2015 Frost Gamma Note ) in the amount of $100,000 with Frost
Gamma ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of our common stock. The interest
rate payable by the Company on the April 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity date of July 31, 2017. The
April 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
August 12, 2015, we entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $25,000 with Frost Gamma (the  August 2015
Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the August 2015 Frost Note is 11% per annum, payable on the maturity
date of July 31, 2017. The August 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Frost Gamma (the  October
2015 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the October 2015 Frost Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date. The October 2015 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without
premium or penalty.  

On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $50,000 with Jane Hsiao, the Company s
Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer (the  October 2015 Hsiao Note ). The interest rate payable
by the Company on the October 2015 Hsiao Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date. The October 2015
Hsiao Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Frost Gamma (the  June
2016 Frost Gamma Note ), a trust controlled by Dr. Phillip Frost, which beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the Company s
common stock. The interest rate payable by the Company on the June 2016 Frost Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory
Notes Maturity Date. The June 2016 Frost Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium
or penalty.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 with Hsu Gamma, an entity controlled
by NIMS  Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Jane H. Hsiao, (the  June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note ).
The interest rate payable by NIMS on the June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note is 11% per annum, payable on the Promissory Notes Maturity Date.
The June 2016 Hsu Gamma Note may be prepaid in advance of the Promissory Notes Maturity Date without premium or penalty.  

The
Audit Committee of the Board reviews and approves all transactions that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K, including each transaction described above. In order to approve a related party transaction, the Audit Committee requires
that (i) such transactions be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized by the Audit Committee and (ii) such transaction
must be authorized, approved or ratified by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Audit Committee who have
no interest, either directly or indirectly, in any such related party transaction.  

Director
Independence   

The
Board of Directors, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, has determined that each of the Company s directors
qualifies as an independent director pursuant to Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) and applicable SEC rules and regulations,
with the exception of Dr. Marvin Sackner, who previously was employed as the Company s CEO. Dr. Subbarao V. Uppaluri, Steven
D. Rubin and Taffy Gould comprise our Audit Committee, and each such person is  independent  for audit committee purposes
as defined by the more stringent standard contained in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(c)(2).  

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  

Principal
Accountant   

Morrison,
Brown, Argiz and Farra, LLC ( MBAF ) has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since May 14,
2009.  

Fees
and Services    

The
following table sets forth the total fees billed to us by MBAF for its audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and
other services for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures    

Our
Audit Committee has a policy in place that requires its review and pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services
provided by our independent auditors. The services requiring pre-approval by the audit committee may include audit services, audit
related services, tax services and other services. The pre-approval requirement is waived with respect to the provision of non-audit
services if (i) the aggregate amount of all such non-audit services provided to us constitutes not more than 5% of the total fees
paid by us to our independent auditors during the fiscal year in which such non-audit services were provided, (ii) such services
were not recognized at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services, and (iii) such services are promptly brought to the
attention of the Audit Committee or by one or more of its members to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated
by the Audit Committee. During fiscal 2016 and 2015, 100% of the audit related services, tax services and all other services provided
by MBAF for the periods as our principal independent registered public accountant were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.  

PART
IV  

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

(a)
List of documents filed as part of this report:  

1.
Financial Statements: The information required by this item is contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

2.
Financial Statement Schedules: The information required by this item is included in the consolidated financial statements contained
in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

3.
Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

NON-INVASIVE
    MONITORING SYSTEMS, INC.    

Date:
    October 24, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jane H. Hsiao    

Jane
    H. Hsiao   

Interim
    Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature  
         
      Title  
         
      Date   

/s/
    Jane H. Hsiao, Ph.D.   
         
      Interim
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Jane
    H. Hsiao, Ph.D  .  
         
      Board
    of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/
    Marvin A. Sackner, M.D   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Marvin
    A. Sackner, M.D  

/s/
    Taffy Gould   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Taffy
    Gould  

/s/
    Morton J. Robinson, M.D.   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Morton
    J. Robinson, M.D.  

/s/
    Steven D. Rubin   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Steven
    D. Rubin  

/s/
    Subbarao V. Uppaluri   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      Subbarao
    Uppaluri  

/s/
    James J. Martin   
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
         
      October
    24, 2016   
 
      James
    J. Martin  

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS   

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

*  
      Filed
    herewith   

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES  

Name
    of Subsidiary  
       
      State
    of Incorporation  
       
      Name
    Under Which Subsidiary Is Doing Business   
 
      Non-Invasive
    Monitoring Systems of Florida, Inc.  
       
      Florida  
       
      Non-Invasive
    Monitoring Systems of Florida, Inc.   
 
      NIMS
    of Canada, Inc.  
       
      Ontario,
    Canada  
       
      NIMS
    of Canada, Inc.   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Jane H. Hsiao, certify that: 

(1)  
      I have reviewed
    this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc.;   

(2)  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

(3)  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and this report;   

(4)  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

(5)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
       /s/
    Jane H. Hsiao    

Jane H. Hsiao   

Interim Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

October 24, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, James J. Martin, certify
that: 

(1)  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc.;   

(2)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

(4)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

(5)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
       /s/
    James J. Martin    

James J. Martin   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

(Principal Financial
    Officer)   

October 24, 2016   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT  

TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the
accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 (the
 Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1)  
      the Report fully
    complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Non-Invasive
    Monitoring Systems, Inc.   

By: 
       /s/
    Jane H. Hsiao    

Jane H. Hsiao   

Interim Chief Executive
    Officer   

October 24, 2016   

The certification set
forth above is being furnished as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and is not
being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. or the certifying
officers. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT  

TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the
accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 (the
 Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1)  
      the Report fully
    complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Non-Invasive
    Monitoring Systems, Inc.   

By: 
       /s/
    James J. Martin    

James J. Martin   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

October 24, 2016   

The certification set
forth above is being furnished as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and is not
being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document of Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. or the certifying
officers. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nimu-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nimu-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nimu-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nimu-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nimu-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nimu-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

