<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1471824_0000891092-16-018794_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14153282</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>573196</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1863673</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2653032</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5387462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3324942</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>99</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000891092-16-018794.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109083540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891092-16-018794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		181
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Teucrium Commodity Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471824
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34765
		FILM NUMBER:		161982880

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		232 HIDDEN LAKE ROAD
		CITY:			BRATTLEBORO
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		802-257-1617

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		232 HIDDEN LAKE ROAD
		CITY:			BRATTLEBORO
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000891092-16-018794.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 e71752_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from                     to                     .    

Commission File Number: 001-34765 

  Teucrium Commodity Trust  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Delaware   
       61-1604335    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    

232 Hidden Lake Road, Building A  

  Brattleboro, Vermont 05301  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(802) 257-1617  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes        No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes       No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer        
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
       
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes       No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the last practicable date. 

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

Table of Contents  

Page    
 
       Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements.   
      3   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      98   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      127   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
      130   

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
      130   

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
      130   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      144   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      146   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      146   

Item 5. Other Information.   
      146   

Item 6. Exhibits.   
      146   

2   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Financial Statements.  

Index to Financial Statements  

3   

4   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

    COMBINED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

5   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

    COMBINED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

*The Trust eliminates the shares owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund from its combined statements of assets and liabilities due to the fact that these represent holdings of the Underlying Funds owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund, which are included as shares outstanding of the Underlying Funds.                       

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

6   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

  COMBINED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 December 31, 2015 

*The Trust eliminates the shares owned by the Teucrium Agricultural
Fund from its combined statements of assets and liabilities due to the fact that these represent holdings of the Underlying Funds
owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund, which are included as shares outstanding of the Underlying Funds. 

7   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

    COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

8   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

    COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

9   

TEUCRIUM COMMODITY TRUST  

    COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

10   

NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation   

Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ),
a Delaware statutory trust organized on September 11, 2009, is a series trust consisting of five series: Teucrium Corn Fund ( CORN ),
Teucrium Sugar Fund ( CANE ), Teucrium Soybean Fund ( SOYB ), Teucrium Wheat Fund ( WEAT ),
and Teucrium Agricultural Fund ( TAGS ). All these series of the Trust are collectively referred to as the  Funds 
and singularly as the  Fund.  The Funds issue common units, called the  Shares,  representing fractional
undivided beneficial interests in a Fund. The Trust and the Funds operate pursuant to the Trust s Second Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ). Two additional series, the Teucrium Natural Gas Fund
( NAGS ) and the Teucrium WTI Crude Oil Fund ( CRUD ) commenced operations in 2011; these, however, ceased
trading and were deregistered effective with the close of trading on December 18, 2014. Liquidation of NAGS and CRUD was completed
prior to December 31, 2014 and the Form 15 was filed on January 9, 2015. 

On June 5, 2010, the initial Form S-1 for CORN
was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On June 8, 2010, four Creation Baskets
for CORN were issued representing 200,000 shares and $5,000,000. CORN began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE )
Arca on June 9, 2010. On April 29, 2016 a subsequent registration statement for CORN was declared effective by the SEC. 

On June 17, 2011, the initial Forms S-1 for
CANE, SOYB, and WEAT were declared effective by the SEC. On September 16, 2011, two Creation Baskets were issued for each Fund,
representing 100,000 shares and $2,500,000, for CANE, SOYB, and WEAT. On September 19, 2011, CANE, SOYB, and WEAT started trading
on the NYSE Arca. On June 30, 2014, subsequent registration statements for CANE, SOYB and WEAT were declared effective by
the SEC. On July 15, 2016, a subsequent registration statement for WEAT was declared effective.  This registration statement
for WEAT registered an additional 24,050,000 shares. 

On February 10, 2012, the Form S-1 for TAGS
was declared effective by the SEC. On March 27, 2012, six Creation Baskets for TAGS were issued representing 300,000 shares and
$15,000,000. TAGS began trading on the NYSE Arca on March 28, 2012. On April 30, 2015, a subsequent registration statement for
TAGS was declared effective by the SEC. 

The specific investment objective of each Fund
and information regarding the organization and operation of each Fund are included in each Fund s financial statements and
accompanying notes, as well as in other sections of this Form 10-Q filing. In general, the investment objective of each Fund is
to have the daily changes in percentage terms of its Shares  Net Asset Value ( NAV ) reflect the daily changes
in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing settlement prices for certain Futures Contracts for the commodity specified
for that Fund.  The investment objective of TAGS is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of NAV of its common
units ( Shares ) reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average (the  Underlying Fund Average )
of the NAVs per share of four other commodity pools that are series of the Trust and are sponsored by the Sponsor: CORN, WEAT,
SOYB, and CANE (collectively, the  Underlying Funds ).  The Underlying Fund Average will have a weighting
of 25% to each Underlying Fund, and the Fund s assets will be rebalanced to maintain the approximate 25% allocation to each
Underlying Fund. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Trust s financial statements for the interim period.
It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as applicable. The operating results for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ) may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of whether
the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation
to its operating expenses make the continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will
require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts and
Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212. U.S. Bank N.A. is a Wisconsin state
chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin State Banking Department.
The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is 777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI,
53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator
for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds,
and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive
an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee.  

11   

Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the combined statements of operations reflected an expense,
before and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services
( Custodian Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of
a Fund. The Custodian Fees reflected in the financial statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor,
are generally as had been presented in prior periods of 2015. 

  For custody
services, the Funds will pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets
over $1 billion, annually, plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services,
which are based on the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on
the first $250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion
annually. A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is
assessed per Fund.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Funds
recognized $88,672 and $326,798, respectively, for these services, which were recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the
combined statements of operations; of these expenses $4,471 in 2016 and $257,550 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Funds recognized $223,961 and $618,612,
respectively, for these services, which were recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the combined statements of operations;
of these expenses $11,515 in 2016 and $445,550 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor.  

The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services,
LLC ( Foreside  or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement
among the Distributor and the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt
and processing of orders for Creation Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and
advertising materials. The Distributor and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the
 SASA ) under which certain employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered
principals of the Distributor, under Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the
Distributor, Foreside receives a fee of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000
for all Teucrium Funds, along with certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of
$5,000 per registered representative and $1,000 per registered location. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Funds recognized  $36,423 and $34,805, respectively, for these services,
which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the combined statements of operations; of these expenses $1,829 in 2016
and $1,922 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Funds
recognized $110,466 and $112,554, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing
fees on the combined statements of operations; of these expenses $4,822 in 2016 and $5,617 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC
( Newedge USA ) merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving
entity. On February 6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All
futures contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held
at SG had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital
Markets Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute
and clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F Man is also registered
as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F Man is a
clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange, and
all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F Man, Jefferies
and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term charge for futures
contracts commission to $9.00. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Funds recognized  $30,802 and
$5,351, respectively, for these services,   which are recorded in brokerage commissions
on the combined statements of operations and was paid by the Funds.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Funds recognized  $82,213 and $36,775, respectively, for
these services,   which are recorded in brokerage commissions on the combined statements
of operations and was paid by the Funds.   

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives an
annual fee of $3,300 from the Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Funds recognized $3,039 for these
services which are recorded in business permits and licenses on the combined statements of operations and was waived by the Sponsor.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Funds did not recognize any expense for these services. 

   Note 3   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared on a combined basis in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification and
include the accounts of the Trust, CORN, CANE, SOYB, WEAT and TAGS. Refer to the accompanying separate financial statements for
each Fund for more detailed information. For the periods represented by the financial statements herein the operations of the Trust
contain the results 

12   

of CORN, SOYB, CANE, WEAT, and TAGS
except for eliminations for TAGS as explained below for the months during which each Fund was in operation. 

Given the investment objective of TAGS as described
in Note 1 above, TAGS will buy, sell and hold, as part of its normal operations, shares of the four Underlying Funds. The Trust
eliminates the shares of the other series of the Trust owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund from its combined statements of
assets and liabilities. The Trust eliminates the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on securities owned by the
Teucrium Agricultural Fund from its combined statements of operations. The combined statements of changes in net assets and cash
flows present a net presentation of the purchases and sales of the Underlying Funds of TAGS. 

Revenue Recognition   

Commodity futures contracts are recorded on
the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statements of operations as the difference between the original
contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial statements.
Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. Interest on cash equivalents
and deposits with the Futures Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Funds earn interest on its
assets denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit with the Futures Commission Merchant. In addition, the Funds earn interest on funds
held at the custodian at prevailing market rates for such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions   

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on the trade date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes   

The Trust, as a Delaware statutory trust, is
considered a trust for federal tax purposes and is, thus, a pass through entity. For tax purposes, the Funds will be treated as
partnerships. Therefore, the Funds do not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report their share of a
Fund s income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Funds  transactions without
adjustment, if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Funds are required to determine
whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Funds file income tax returns
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Funds remain subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Funds recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. Based
on their analysis, the Funds have determined that they have not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of September
30, 2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Funds  conclusions regarding this policy
may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and
changes to tax laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof. 

 The Funds recognize interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Funds may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Funds  management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets from each Fund. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares
in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
each Fund only in blocks of shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

Each Fund receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Purchasers are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as receivable for shares sold.  Amounts payable
to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as payable for shares redeemed. 

13   

There are a minimum number of baskets
and associated shares specified for each Fund in the Fund s respective prospectus, as amended from time to time. Once the
minimum number of baskets is reached, there can be no more redemptions until there has been a creation basket. These minimum levels
are as follows: 

CORN: 50,000 shares representing
2 baskets 

 SOYB: 50,000 shares representing
2 baskets 

 CANE: 50,000 shares representing
2 baskets 

 WEAT: 50,000 shares representing
2 baskets 

 TAGS: 50,000 shares representing
2 baskets (at minimum level as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015) 

Cash Equivalents   

Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Trust reported its cash equivalents in the combined statements of assets
and liabilities at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and
short-term maturities. Each Fund that is a series of the Trust has the balance of its assets on deposit with banks. The Trust had
a balance of $2,050,664 and $2,539,642 in money market funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively; these
balances are included in cash and cash equivalents on the combined statements of assets and liabilities. Effective in the second
quarter 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash for the Funds in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts,
which is classified as cash and not as cash equivalents. The Funds had a balance of $139,275,609 on September 30, 2016 and
$90,021,968 on December 31, 2015 in demand-deposit savings accounts. This change resulted in a reduction in the balance held in
money market funds. Assets deposited with the bank may, at times, exceed federally insured limits. 

Restricted Cash   

 On
August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the
Funds. Per the amended agreement between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon dated August 14, 2015, certain cash amounts
for each Fund, except in the case of TAGS, are to remain at The Bank of New York Mellon until amounts for services and early termination
fees are paid. The amended agreement allows for payments for such amounts owed to be made through December 31, 2017. Cash balances
that are held in custody at The Bank of New York Mellon under this amended agreement are reflected on the combined statements of
assets and liabilities of the Fund and the Trust as restricted cash. 

Due from/to Broker   

The amount recorded by the Trust for the amount
due from and to the clearing broker includes, but is not limited to, cash held by the broker, amounts payable to the clearing broker
related to open transactions and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on the clearing broker s
records. 

 Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may
create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment
or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly
exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from
time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term
of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Funds  clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest
contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading
generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral
by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

 Ongoing or  maintenance 
margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures
contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made
by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With
respect to the Funds  trading, the Funds (and not their shareholders personally) are subject to margin calls. 

 Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have
passed certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an
account would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated, and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring
the total risk of the combined positions. 

14   

Payable/Receivable for Securities Purchased/Sold   

 Due from/to broker for investments in
securities are securities transactions pending settlement. The Trust and the Funds are subject to credit risk to the extent any
broker with whom it conducts business is unable to fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf. The management of the Trust and
the Funds monitors the financial condition of such brokers and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties. Since
the inception of the Fund, the principal broker through which the Trust and TAGS clear securities transactions for TAGS is the
Bank of New York Mellon Capital Markets. 

Sponsor Fee, Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

The Fund's sponsor, Teucrium Trading,
LLC (the  Sponsor ), is responsible for investing the assets of the Funds in accordance with the objectives and
policies of each Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting,
transfer agency and other necessary services to the Trust and the Funds. In addition, the Sponsor elected not to outsource services
directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds such as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities.
In addition, the Funds, except for TAGS which has no such fee, are contractually obligated to pay a monthly management fee to the
Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum. 

The Funds pay for all brokerage fees, taxes
and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid to the SEC,
FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer and
sale of subsequent Shares, after its initial registration, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated therewith.
The Funds also pay the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting requirements. Certain aggregate
expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective Fund based on activity drivers deemed
most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative assets under management and creation and
redeem order activity. 

These aggregate common expenses include, but
are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the combined statements
of operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the
Sponsor; these are necessary services to the Trust and the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial
reporting, regulatory compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; such expenses, which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the
combined statements of operations, totaled  $415,328 in 2016 and $371,374 in 2015; of these amounts, $160,317 in
2016 and $15,253 in 2015, were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; such
expenses, which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the combined statements of operations, totaled $1,417,388 in
2016 and $1,220,938 in 2015; of these amounts, $204,372 in 2016 and $57,024 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor.
All asset-based fees and expenses for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net assets. 

 The Sponsor has the ability to elect
to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Funds or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor,
at its discretion. Expenses paid by the Sponsor and Management fees waived by the Sponsor are, if applicable, presented as waived
expenses in the statements of operations for each Fund. 

 For the three months ended September
30, 2016, there were $304,726 of expenses that were on the combined statements of operations of the Trust as expenses that
were waived by the Sponsor.  These were specifically: $134,161 for CORN, $63,113 for SOYB, $48,043 for CANE, $49,516
for WEAT and $9,893 for TAGS.  The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in
any future period. 

 For the three months ended September
30, 2015, there were $369,619 of expenses that were on the combined statements of operations of the Trust as expenses that were
waived by the Sponsor.  These were specifically: $16,584 for CORN, $129,551 for SOYB, $109,353 for CANE, $10,874 for WEAT
and $103,257 for TAGS.  The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any future
period. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, there were $403,282 of expenses that were on the combined statements of operations of the Trust as expenses that
were waived by the Sponsor. These were specifically: $134,161 for CORN, $63,113 for SOYB, $121,429 for CANE, $49,516 for WEAT and
$35,063 for TAGS. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any future period. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, there were $681,386 of expenses that were on the combined statements of operations of the Trust as expenses that
were waived by the Sponsor. These were specifically: $16,584 for CORN, $243,723 for SOYB, $197,178 for CANE, $42,174
for WEAT, and $181,727 for TAGS. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any
future period.  

Use of Estimates    

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts
of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

15   

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Trust
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value
that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Trust. Unobservable inputs reflect the Trust s assumptions
about the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Trust has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 futures contracts held by CORN, SOYB, CANE and WEAT, the securities
of the Underlying Funds held by TAGS, and any other securities held by any Fund, together referenced throughout this filing as
 financial instruments.  Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in
an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

 The availability of valuation techniques
and observable inputs can vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide
variety of factors including, the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not
yet established in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based
on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment.
Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future
circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may
be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the financial instruments existed.
Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining fair value is greatest for financial instruments categorized
in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy.
In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy, within which the fair value measurement in its entirety
falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions
are not readily available, the Trust s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Trust uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
financial instruments. This condition could cause a financial instrument to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair
value hierarchy. For instance, when Corn Futures Contracts on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ) are not actively
trading due to a  limit-up  or  limit-down  condition, meaning that the change in the Corn Futures Contracts
has exceeded the limits established, the Trust and the Fund will revert to alternative verifiable sources of valuation of its assets.
When such a situation exists on a quarter close, the Sponsor will calculate the NAV on a particular day using the Level 1 valuation,
but will later recalculate the NAV for the impacted Fund based upon the valuation inputs from these alternative verifiable sources
(Level 2 or Level 3) and will report such NAV in its applicable financial statements and reports. 

 On September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, in the opinion of the Trust, the reported value at the close of the market for each commodity contract fairly reflected the
value of the futures and no alternative valuations were required. The determination is made as of the settlement of the futures
contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level 1 or Level 2 transfer, the
Funds consider the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant exchange for the periods
being reported. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, the Funds did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair
value hierarchy. 

The Funds and the Trust record their derivative
activities at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statements of operations. Derivative contracts
include futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the
CBOT and the ICE, or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC
derivatives contracts (such as forward and swap contracts), which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant
inputs are observable or unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Investments in the securities of the Underlying
Funds are freely traded and listed on the NYSE Arca. These investments are valued at the NAV of the Underlying Fund as of the valuation
date as calculated by the administrator based on the exchange-quoted prices of the commodity futures contracts held by the Underlying
Fund. 

16   

Expenses   

 Expenses are recorded using the accrual
method of accounting. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require specific disclosures for eligible investments, regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

17   

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Trust s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Trust s significant accounting
policies in Note 3. The following table presents information about the Trust s assets and liabilities measured at fair value
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015                           

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and year ended December 31, 2015, the Funds did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair value
hierarchy. 

See the  Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy 
section in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers into and out of each level of the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 In the normal course of business, the
Funds utilize derivative contracts in connection with its proprietary trading activities. Investments in derivative contracts are
subject to additional risks that can result in a loss of all or part of an investment. The Funds  derivative activities and
exposure to derivative contracts are classified by the following primary underlying risks: interest rate, credit, commodity price,
and equity price risks. In addition to its primary underlying risks, the Funds are also subject to additional counterparty risk
due to inability of its counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year
ended December 31, 2015, the Funds invested only in commodity futures contracts specifically related to each Fund. 

Futures Contracts   

 The Funds are subject to commodity price
risk in the normal course of pursuing their investment objectives. A futures contract represents a commitment for the future purchase
or sale of an asset at a specified price on a specified date. 

 The purchase and sale of futures contracts
requires margin deposits with a FCM. Subsequent payments (variation margin) are made or received by each Fund each day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the contract, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by each 

18   

Fund. Futures contracts may reduce the
Funds  exposure to counterparty risk since futures contracts are exchange-traded; and the exchange s clearinghouse,
as the counterparty to all exchange-traded futures, guarantees the futures against default. 

 The Commodity Exchange Act requires
an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s proprietary activities. A customer s cash and
other equity deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to each Fund s pro rata share of segregated
customer funds available. It is possible that the recovery amount could be less than the total of cash and other equity deposited. 

The following table discloses information about
offsetting assets and liabilities presented in the statements of assets and liabilities to enable users of these financial statements
to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized assets
and liabilities are presented as defined in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2011-11  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
and subsequently clarified in FASB ASU 2013-01  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities.  

The following table also identifies the fair
value amounts of derivative instruments included in the statements of assets and liabilities as derivative contracts, categorized
by primary underlying risk and held by the FCM, ED F Man as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative
Assets as of September 30, 2016  

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of September 30, 2016  

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative
Assets as of December 31, 2015  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Assets       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     to Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Soybean futures contracts    
     $  16,175       
     $  -       
     $  16,175       
     $  16,175       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
       Sugar futures contracts    
        364,056       
        -       
        364,056       
        -       
        -       
        364,056     

19   

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of December 31, 2015  

The following is a summary of realized and
unrealized gains (losses) of the derivative instruments utilized by the Trust: 

Three months ended September 30, 2016  

Three months ended September 30, 2015  

Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

Nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Volume of Derivative Activities   

The average notional market value categorized
by primary underlying risk for the futures contracts held for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, were $154.1 million
and $119.1 million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were $112.8 million and
$114.5 million. 

20   

Note 6   Organizational and Offering
Costs   

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the shares, including applicable SEC registration fees, were borne directly by the Sponsor for the
Funds and will be borne directly by the Sponsor for any series of the Trust which is not yet operating or will be issued in the
future. The Trust will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 7   Detail of the net assets
and shares outstanding of the Funds that are a series of the Trust   

The following are the net assets and shares outstanding of each
Fund that is a series of the Trust and, thus, in total, comprise the combined net assets of the Trust: 

September
30, 2016   

December 31, 2015  

The detailed information for the subscriptions and redemptions,
and other financial information for each Fund that is a series of the Trust are included in the accompanying financial statements
of each Fund. 

Note 8   Subsequent Events   

Management has evaluated the financial statements for the quarter-ended
September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material events requiring either recognition
through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Trust and Funds other than those noted below: 

 CORN: Nothing to Report 

 SOYB: 

 On October 21, 2016, $13,000 of cash
that had been held in custody at The Bank of New York Mellon was transferred to the Fund s account at U.S. Bank. The balance
for Restricted Cash is $90,616 as of this filing. 

 CANE: Nothing to Report 

 WEAT: Nothing to Report 

 TAGS: Nothing to Report 

21   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

22   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

23   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

24   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

25   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

26   

TEUCRIUM CORN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

27   

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation   

Teucrium Corn Fund (referred to herein as  CORN, 
or the  Fund ) is a commodity pool that is a series of Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ), a Delaware statutory
trust formed on September 11, 2009. The Fund issues common units, called the  Shares,  representing fractional undivided
beneficial interests in the Fund. The Fund continuously offers Creation Baskets consisting of 25,000 Shares at their Net Asset
Value ( NAV ) to  Authorized Purchasers  through Foreside Fund Services, LLC, which is the distributor
for the Fund (the  Distributor ). Authorized Purchasers sell such Shares, which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
( NYSE ) Arca under the symbol  CORN,  to the public at per-Share offering prices that reflect, among other
factors, the trading price of the Shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Fund at the time the Authorized Purchaser purchased the
Creation Baskets and the NAV at the time of the offer of the Shares to the public, the supply of and demand for Shares at the time
of sale, and the liquidity of the markets for corn interests. The Fund s Shares trade in the secondary market on the NYSE
Arca at prices that are lower or higher than their NAV per Share. 

The investment objective of CORN is to have
the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average
of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for corn ( Corn Futures Contracts ) that are traded on
the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ), specifically (1) the second-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract, weighted 35%,
(2) the third-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Corn Futures Contract expiring in the December
following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

The Fund commenced investment operations on
June 9, 2010 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. The Fund s sponsor is Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ).
The Sponsor is responsible for the management of the Fund. The Sponsor is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA )
and became a commodity pool operator registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective
November 10, 2009. 

On June 5, 2010, the Fund s initial registration
of 30,000,000 shares the Form S-1 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On
June 9, 2010, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  CORN.  On the day prior to that,
the Fund issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $5,000,000 at the Fund s initial NAV of $25 per share. The Fund also commenced
investment operations on June 9, 2010 by purchasing commodity futures contracts traded on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ).
On April 29, 2016, a subsequent registration statement for CORN was declared effective by the SEC. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Fund s financial statements for the interim period.
It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the most recent Form S-1 filing, as applicable. The operating
results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC, in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ), may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of
whether the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation
to its operating expenses make the continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will
require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts and
Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212.  U.S. Bank N.A. is a
Wisconsin state chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin
State Banking Department.  The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing
certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For
such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee. 

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the statements of operations reflected an expense, before
and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services ( Custodian
Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of a Fund. The Custodian
Fees reflected in the financial statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, are generally as had
been presented in prior periods of 2015. 

28   

For custody services, the Funds will
pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets over $1 billion, annually,
plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services, which are based on
the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on the first
$250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion annually.
A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is assessed
per Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $38,950 and $49,149, respectively,
for these services, which is recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations; of these expenses $0 in 2016
and $16,584 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $120,410 and
$113,215, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations;
of these expenses $0 in 2016 and $16,584 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services, LLC ( Foreside 
or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement among the Distributor and
the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt and processing of orders for Creation
Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and advertising materials. The Distributor
and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the  SASA ) under which certain
employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered principals of the Distributor, under
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the Distributor, Foreside receives a fee
of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000 for all Teucrium Funds, along with
certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of $5,000 per registered representative
and $1,000 per registered location. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $19,244
and $21,858, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations
and was paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $57,119 and
$76,994, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations
and was paid for by the Fund.  

On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC ( Newedge USA )
merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving entity. On February
6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All futures
contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held at SG
had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets
Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute and
clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F
Man is also registered as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F
Man is a clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange,
and all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F
Man, Jefferies and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term
charge for futures contracts commission to $9.00. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$16,775 and $0, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations and
was paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $49,375 and $23,250,
respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations and was paid for
by the Fund. 

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives an
annual fee of $3,300 from the Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund recognized $1,550
for these services, which is recorded in business permits and licenses on the statement of operations and was waived by the Sponsor.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification. 

Revenue Recognition   

 Commodity futures contracts are recorded
on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as the difference between
the original contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial
statements. Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. Interest
on cash equivalents and deposits with the Futures Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Fund earns interest
on its assets denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit with the Futures Commission Merchant. In addition, the Fund earns interest
on funds held at the custodian at prevailing market rates for such investments. 

29   

Brokerage Commissions   

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on the trade date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes   

 For tax purposes, the Fund will be treated
as a partnership. The Fund does not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report their share of the Fund s
income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Fund s transactions without adjustment,
if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Fund is required to determine whether
a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Fund files an income tax return
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Fund remains subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Fund recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. Based
on its analysis, the Fund has determined that it has not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,
2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Fund s conclusions regarding this policy may
be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and changes
to tax laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof. 

 The Fund recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Fund may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Fund s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets consisting of 25,000 shares from CORN. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal
to the NAV of the shares in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket
is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
the Fund only in blocks of 25,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

The Fund receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Purchasers are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as receivable for shares sold. Amounts payable
to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as payable for
shares redeemed. 

As outlined in the most recent Form S-3 filing,
50,000 shares represents two Redemption Baskets for the Fund and a minimum level of shares. 

Allocation of Shareholder Income and
Losses   

Profit or loss is allocated among the shareholders
of the Fund in proportion to the number of shares each shareholder holds as of the close of each month. 

Cash Equivalents   

 Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Fund reported its cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities
at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities.
The Fund has these balances of its assets on deposit with banks. The Fund had a balance of $449,013 and $899,313 in money market
funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively; these balances are included in cash and cash equivalents on the
statements of assets and liabilities. Effective in the second quarter 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash
for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts, which is classified as cash and not as a cash equivalent. The Fund
had a balance of $70,119,486 as of September 30, 2016 and $56,210,776 as of December 31, 2015, in demand-deposit savings accounts.
This change resulted in a reduction in the balance held in money market funds. Assets deposited with the bank may,
at times, exceed federally insured limits. 

30   

Due from/to Broker   

 The amount recorded by the Fund for
the amount due from and to the clearing broker includes, but is not limited to, cash held by the broker, amounts payable to the
clearing broker related to open transactions and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on
the clearing broker s records. 

 Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may
create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment
or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly
exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from
time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term
of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Fund s clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest
contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading
generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral
by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

 Ongoing or  maintenance 
margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures
contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made
by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With
respect to the Fund s trading, the Fund (and not its shareholders personally) is subject to margin calls. 

Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed
certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account
would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the
total risk of the combined positions. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value   

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market
value of its total assets and  

Subtracting any liabilities.  
  
 The administrator, USBFS, calculates the NAV
of the Fund once each trading day. It calculates the NAV as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time.
The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:15 p.m. New York time. 

 In determining the value of Corn Futures
Contracts, the administrator uses the CBOT closing price. The administrator determines the value of all other Fund investments
as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The value of over-the-counter corn interests is determined
based on the value of the commodity or futures contract underlying such corn interest, except that a fair value may be determined
if the Sponsor believes that the Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such corn interest.
For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV where necessary to reflect the  fair
value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract closes at its price fluctuation limit for the day. Treasury securities
held by the Fund are valued by the administrator using values received from recognized third-party vendors and dealer quotes. NAV
includes any unrealized profit or loss on open corn interests and any other income or expense accruing to the Fund but unpaid or
not received by the Fund. 

Sponsor Fee, Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

 The Sponsor is responsible for investing
the assets of the Fund in accordance with the objectives and policies of the Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to the Trust
and the Funds. In addition, the Sponsor elected not to outsource services directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds such
as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities. In addition, the Fund is contractually obligated
to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum.  

 The Fund generally pays for all brokerage
fees, taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid
to the SEC, FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory agency in connection with the
offer and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated
therewith. The Fund also pays its portion of the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting
requirements. Certain aggregate expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective
funds based on 

31   

activity drivers deemed most appropriate
by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative assets under management and creation and redeem order activity. 

These aggregate common expenses include, but
are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of
operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the Sponsor;
these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting, regulatory
compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Fund. For the three months ended September 30, such
expenses, which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations, totaled $216,161 in
2016 and $231,044 in 2015; of these amounts, $105,139 in 2016 and $0 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months
ended September 30, such expenses, totaled $726,627 in 2016 and $837,015 in 2015; of these amounts, $105,139 in 2016 and $0
in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. All asset-based fees and expenses for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net
assets. 

 For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, there were $134,161 of expenses that were on the statements of operations of the Fund as expenses that
were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any future period. 

 For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, there were $16,584 of expenses that were on the statements of operations of the Fund as expenses that were
waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any future period. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Fund
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs
be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based
on market data obtained from sources independent of the Fund. Unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s assumptions about the
inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the
circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Fund has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 financial instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that
are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these financial instruments does not entail a significant
degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

 The availability of valuation techniques
and observable inputs can vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide variety of
factors including, the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not yet established in the
marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs
that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated
values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that
cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher
or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the financial instruments existed. Accordingly,
the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining fair value is greatest for financial instruments categorized in
Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy, within which the fair value measurement in its entirety
falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions
are not readily available, the Fund s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Fund uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
during periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for
many securities. This condition could cause a financial instrument to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value
hierarchy. For instance, when Corn Futures Contracts on the CBOT are not actively trading due to a  limit-up  or limit-down 
condition, meaning that the change in the 

32   

Corn Futures Contracts has exceeded
the limits established, the Trust and the Fund will revert to alternative verifiable sources of valuation of its assets. When such
a situation exists on a quarter close, the Sponsor will calculate the Net Asset Value ( NAV ) on a particular day using
the Level 1 valuation, but will later recalculate the NAV for the impacted Fund based upon the valuation inputs from these alternative
verifiable sources (Level 2 or Level 3) and will report such NAV in its applicable financial statements and reports.  

On September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
in the opinion of the Trust and the Fund, the reported value of the Corn Futures Contracts traded on the CBOT fairly reflected
the value of the Corn Futures Contracts held by the Fund, and no adjustments were necessary. The determination is made as of the
settlement of the futures contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level
1 or Level 2 transfer, the Fund considers the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant
exchange for the periods being reported. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of
the fair value hierarchy. 

 The Fund records its derivative activities
at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statements of operations. Derivative contracts include
futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the CBOT and
the ICE, or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC derivatives contracts
(such as forward and swap contracts) which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant inputs are observable or
unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Expenses   

 Expenses are recorded using the accrual
method of accounting. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the NAV per unit at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of units
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average unit. The weighted average units
are equal to the number of units outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for units created or redeemed based
on the amount of time the units were outstanding during such period. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require 

33   

specific disclosures for eligible investments,
regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Fund s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Fund s significant accounting policies
in Note 2. The following table presents information about the Fund s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015                         

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December
31 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

See the Fair  Value - Definition and Hierarchy  section
in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers into and out of each level of the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 In the normal course of business, the
Fund utilizes derivative contracts in connection with its proprietary trading activities. Investments in derivative contracts are
subject to additional risks that can result in a loss of all or part of an investment. The Fund s derivative activities and
exposure to derivative contracts are classified by the following primary underlying risks: interest rate, credit, commodity price,
and equity price risks. In addition to its primary underlying risks, the Fund is also subject to additional counterparty risk due
to inability of its counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. For nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended
December 31, 2015, the Fund invested only in commodity futures contracts. 

34   

Futures Contracts   

 The Fund is subject to commodity price
risk in the normal course of pursuing its investment objectives. A futures contract represents a commitment for the future purchase
or sale of an asset at a specified price on a specified date. 

 The purchase and sale of futures contracts
requires margin deposits with a FCM. Subsequent payments (variation margin) are made or received by the Fund each day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the contract, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Fund. Futures contracts
may reduce the Fund s exposure to counterparty risk since futures contracts are exchange-traded; and the exchange s
clearinghouse, as the counterparty to all exchange-traded futures, guarantees the futures against default.  

 The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM
to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s proprietary activities. A customer s cash and other
equity deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds subject to the FCM s segregation requirements.
In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to the Fund s pro rata share of segregated customer funds
available. It is possible that the recovery amount could be less than the total of cash and other equity deposited. 

The following table discloses information about
offsetting assets and liabilities presented in the statements of assets and liabilities to enable users of these financial statements
to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized assets
and liabilities are presented as defined in FASB ASU No. 2011-11  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities  and subsequently clarified in FASB ASU 2013-01  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope
of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.  

 The following table also identifies
the fair value amounts of derivative instruments included in the statements of assets and liabilities as derivative contracts,
categorized by primary underlying risk and held by the FCM, ED F Man as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of September 30, 2016  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     from Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $  2,720,388       
     $  -       
     $  2,720,388       
     $  -       
     $  2,720,388       
     $  -     

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of December 31, 2015  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     from Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $  3,908,550       
     $  -       
     $  3,908,550       
     $  -       
     $  3,908,550       
     $  -     

The following tables identify the net gain
and loss amounts included in the statements of operations as realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading of commodity futures
contracts categorized by primary underlying risk: 

Three months ended September 30, 2016  

Realized Loss on    
     Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or  
 
     Primary Underlying Risk    
     Commodity Futures Contracts    
     Depreciation on Commodity Futures Contracts  
 
     Commodity Price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $ 
     (6,486,500 
     )    
     $ 
     937,100 

Three months ended September 30, 2015  

Realized Gain on    
     Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or  
 
     Primary Underlying Risk    
     Commodity Futures Contracts    
     Depreciation on Commodity Futures Contracts  
 
     Commodity Price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $ 
     83,175 
          
     $ 
     (7,447,263 
     )  

35   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

Realized Loss on    
     Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or  
 
     Primary Underlying Risk    
     Commodity Futures Contracts    
     Depreciation on Commodity Futures Contracts  
 
     Commodity Price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $ 
     (8,878,588 
     )    
     $ 
     1,188,163 

Nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Realized Loss on    
     Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or  
 
     Primary Underlying Risk    
     Commodity Futures Contracts    
     Depreciation on Commodity Futures Contracts  
 
     Commodity Price    

Corn futures contracts    
     $ 
     (4,245,750 
     )    
     $ 
     (3,960,625 
     )  

Volume of Derivative Activities   

The average notional market value categorized
by primary underlying risk for the futures contracts held were $81.5 million and $67.0 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and $73.8 million and $78.1 million for the same periods in 2015. 

Note 6   Financial Highlights   

The following tables present per unit performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This information has
been derived from information presented in the financial statements and is presented with total expenses gross of expenses waived
by the Sponsor and with total expenses net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, as appropriate. 

Effective in the third quarter 2015, the financial
highlights per share data are calculated consistent with the methodology used to calculate asset-based fees and expenses. In prior
periods, the financial highlights per share data are calculated using the average of the daily shares outstanding for the reporting
period, which is inclusive of the last day of the period. Any change in methodology was not material to the ratios presented. 

Note 7   Organizational and Offering
Costs    

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the Shares of the Fund, including applicable SEC registration fees were borne directly by the Sponsor.
The Fund will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 8   Subsequent Events   

 Management has evaluated the financial
statements for the quarter-ended September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material
events requiring either recognition through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Fund. 

36   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

37   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

38   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

39   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

40   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

41   

TEUCRIUM SOYBEAN FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

42   

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation   

Teucrium Soybean Fund (referred to herein as
 SOYB  or the  Fund ) is a commodity pool that is a series of Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ),
a Delaware statutory trust formed on September 11, 2009. The Fund issues common units, called the  Shares,  representing
fractional undivided beneficial interests in the Fund. The Fund continuously offers Creation Baskets consisting of 25,000 Shares
at their Net Asset Value ( NAV ) to  Authorized Purchasers  through Foreside Fund Services, LLC, which
is the distributor for the Fund (the  Distributor ). Authorized Purchasers sell such Shares, which are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Arca under the symbol  SOYB,  to the public at per-Share offering prices
that reflect, among other factors, the trading price of the Shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Fund at the time the Authorized
Purchaser purchased the Creation Baskets and the NAV at the time of the offer of the Shares to the public, the supply of and demand
for Shares at the time of sale, and the liquidity of the markets for soybean interests. The Fund s Shares trade in the secondary
market on the NYSE Arca at prices that are lower or higher than their NAV per Share. 

The investment objective of SOYB is to have
the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average
of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for soybeans ( Soybean Futures Contracts ) that are traded
on the CBOT.  The three Soybean Futures Contracts will generally be: (1) second-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract, weighted
35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Soybean Futures Contract expiring in
the November following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

The Fund commenced investment operations on
September 19, 2011 and has a fiscal year ending December 31. The Fund s sponsor is Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ).
The Sponsor is responsible for the management of the Fund. The Sponsor is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA )
and became a commodity pool operator registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective
November 10, 2009. 

On June 17, 2011, the Fund s registration
of 10,000,000 shares on Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC. On September 19, 2011, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE
Arca under the ticker symbol  SOYB.  On the business day prior to that, the Fund issued 100,000 shares in exchange
for $2,500,000 at the Fund s initial NAV of $25 per share. The Fund also commenced investment operations on September 19,
2011 by purchasing soybean commodity futures contracts traded on the CBOT. On December 31, 2010, the Fund had four shares outstanding,
which were owned by the Sponsor. On June 30, 2014, a subsequent registration statement for SOYB was declared effective by the SEC. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Fund s financial statements for the interim period.
It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the most recent Form S-1 filing, as applicable. The operating
results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC, in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ), may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of
whether the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation
to its operating expenses make the continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will
require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts and
Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212.  U.S. Bank N.A. is a
Wisconsin state chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin
State Banking Department.  The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing
certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For
such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee.  

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the statements of operations reflected an expense, before
and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services ( Custodian
Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of a Fund. The Custodian
Fees reflected in the financial statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, are generally as had
been presented in prior periods of 2015. 

43   

For custody services, the Funds will
pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets over $1 billion, annually,
plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services, which are based on
the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on the first
$250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion annually.
A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is assessed
per Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $7,291 and $69,982, respectively, for
these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations; of these expenses $0 in 2016
and $69,982 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $19,231 and
$133,982, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations;
of these expenses $0 in 2016 and $133,982 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services, LLC ( Foreside 
or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement among the Distributor and
the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt and processing of orders for Creation
Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and advertising materials. The Distributor
and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the  SASA ) under which certain
employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered principals of the Distributor, under
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the Distributor, Foreside receives a fee
of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000 for all Teucrium Funds, along with
certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of $5,000 per registered representative
and $1,000 per registered location. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $2,871 and
$3,070, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations;
of these expenses $0 in 2016 and $1,256 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Fund recognized $10,670 and $8,094, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing
fees on the statements of operations; of these expenses $0 in 2016 and $3,813 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC ( Newedge USA )
merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving entity. On February
6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All futures
contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held at SG
had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets
Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute and
clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F
Man is also registered as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F
Man is a clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange,
and all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F
Man, Jefferies and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term
charge for futures contracts commission to $9.00. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$0 and $1,683, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations
and paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $1,507 and $4,445,
respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations and paid for by the
Fund. 

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives an
annual fee of $3,300 from the Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund recognized $257
for these services, which was recorded in business permits and licenses on the statements of operations and was waived by the Sponsor.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification. 

Revenue Recognition   

 Commodity futures contracts are recorded
on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as the difference between
the original contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial
statements. Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. Interest
on cash equivalents and deposits with the Futures Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Fund earns interest
on its assets 

44   

denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit
with the Futures Commission Merchant. In addition, the Fund earns interest on funds held at the custodian at prevailing market
rates for such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions   

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on the trade date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes   

 For tax purposes, the Fund will be treated
as a partnership. The Fund does not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report their share of the Fund s
income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Fund s transactions without adjustment,
if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Fund is required to determine whether
a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Fund files an income tax return
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Fund remains subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Fund recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. Based
on its analysis, the Fund has determined that it has not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,
2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Fund s conclusions regarding this policy may
be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and changes
to tax laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof. 

 The Fund recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Fund may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Fund s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets consisting of 25,000 shares from the Fund. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal
to the NAV of the shares in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket
is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
the Fund only in blocks of 25,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

The Fund receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Purchasers are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as receivable for shares sold. Amounts payable
to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as payable for
shares redeemed.  

As outlined in the most recent Form S-1 filing,
50,000 shares represents two Redemption Baskets for the Fund and a minimum level of shares. 

Allocation of Shareholder Income and
Losses   

Profit or loss is allocated among the shareholders
of the Fund in proportion to the number of shares each shareholder holds as of the close of each month. 

Cash Equivalents   

 Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Fund reported its cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities
at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities.
The Fund has these balances of its assets on deposit with banks. The Fund had a balance of $230,144 and $161,718 in money market
funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively; these balances are included in cash and cash equivalents on the
statements of assets and liabilities. Effective in the second quarter 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash
for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts, which is classified as cash and not as a cash equivalent. The Fund
had a balance of $12,267,749 as of September 30, 2016 and $5,776,106 as of December 31, 2015 in demand-deposit savings accounts.
This change resulted in a reduction in the balance held in money market funds. Assets deposited with the bank may, at times, exceed
federally insured limits. 

45   

Restricted Cash   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. Per the amended agreement between
the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon dated August 14, 2015, certain cash amounts for each Fund, except in the case of TAGS,
are to remain at The Bank of New York Mellon until amounts for services and early termination fees are paid. The amended agreement
allows for payments for such amounts owed to be made through December 31, 2017. Cash balances that are held in custody at The Bank
of New York Mellon under this amended agreement are reflected on the statements of assets and liabilities of the Fund and the Trust
as restricted cash. 

Due from/to Broker   

 The amount recorded by the Fund for
the amount due from and to the clearing broker includes, but is not limited to, cash held by the broker, amounts payable to the
clearing broker related to open transactions and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on
the clearing broker s records. 

 Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may
create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment
or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly
exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from
time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term
of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Fund s clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest
contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading
generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral
by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

 Ongoing or  maintenance 
margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures
contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made
by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With
respect to the Fund s trading, the Fund (and not its shareholders personally) is subject to margin calls. 

Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed
certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account
would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the
total risk of the combined positions. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value   

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets and   

Subtracting any liabilities.   
 
  The  
administrator, USBFS, calculates the NAV of the Fund once each trading day. It calculates the NAV as of the earlier of the close
of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:15 p.m. New York time.  

 In determining the value of Soybean
Futures Contracts, the administrator uses the CBOT closing price. The administrator determines the value of all other Fund investments
as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The value of over-the-counter soybean interests is determined
based on the value of the commodity or futures contract underlying such soybean interest, except that a fair value may be determined
if the Sponsor believes that the Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such soybean interest.
For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV where necessary to reflect the  fair
value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract closes at its price fluctuation limit for the day. Treasury securities
held by the Fund are valued by the administrator using values received from recognized third-party vendors and dealer quotes. NAV
includes any unrealized profit or loss on open soybean interests and any other income or expense accruing to the Fund but unpaid
or not received by the Fund. 

46   

Sponsor Fee, Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

 The Sponsor is responsible for investing
the assets of the Fund in accordance with the objectives and policies of the Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to the Trust
and the Funds. In addition, the Sponsor elected not to outsource services directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds such
as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities. In addition, the Fund is contractually obligated
to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum.  

The Fund generally pays for all brokerage fees,
taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid to the
SEC, FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer
and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated
therewith. The Fund also pays its portion of the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting
requirements. Certain aggregate expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective
funds based on activity drivers deemed most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative
assets under management and creation and redeem order activity. 

 These aggregate common expenses include,
but are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of
operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the Sponsor;
these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting, regulatory
compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Fund. For the three months ended September 30, such expenses,
which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statement of operations, totaled $33,624 in 2016 and $33,186
in 2015; of these amounts $10,720 in 2016 and $6,427 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30,
such expenses, totaled $136,289 in 2016 and $87,504 in 2015; of these amounts, $10,720 in 2016 and $33,795 in 2015 were waived
by the Sponsor. All asset-based fees and expenses for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net assets. 

 For the three months ended September 30, there were
$63,113 in 2016 and $129,551 in 2015, respectively, of expenses identified on the statements of operations of the Fund as
expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts
in any future period. 
 
For the nine months ended September 30, there were $63,113 in 2016 and $243,723 in 2015, respectively, of expenses
identified on the statements of operations of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined
that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts in any future period. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Fund
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value
that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Fund. Unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s assumptions about
the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in
the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Fund has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 financial instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that
are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these financial instruments does not entail a significant
degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The availability of valuation techniques and
observable inputs can vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide variety
of factors including, the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not yet established
in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or
inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated
values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that
cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher
or lower than the values that would have been 

47   

used had a ready market for the financial
instruments existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining fair value is greatest for financial
instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels
of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy, within which the fair
value measurement in its entirety falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions
are not readily available, the Fund s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Fund uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
financial instruments. This condition could cause a financial instrument to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair
value hierarchy. When such a situation exists on a quarter close, the Sponsor will calculate the NAV on a particular day using
the Level 1 valuation, but will later recalculate the NAV for the impacted Fund based upon the valuation inputs from these alternative
verifiable sources (Level 2 or Level 3) and will report such NAV in its applicable financial statements and reports. 

 On September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, in the opinion of the Trust and the Fund, the reported value of the Soybean Futures Contracts traded on the CBOT fairly reflected
the value of the Soybean Futures Contracts held by the Fund, with no adjustments necessary. The determination is made as of the
settlement of the futures contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level
1 or Level 2 transfer, the Fund considers the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant
exchange for the periods being reported. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of
the fair value hierarchy. 

 The Fund records its derivative activities
at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statements of operations. Derivative contracts include
futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the CBOT and
the ICE, or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC derivatives
contracts (such as forward and swap contracts) which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant inputs are observable
or unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Expenses   

 Expenses are recorded using the accrual
method of accounting. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

 Net income (loss) per Share is the difference
between the NAV per unit at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of Shares outstanding
was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average Share. The weighted average Shares are equal to
the number of Shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for Shares created or redeemed based on the
amount of time the Shares were outstanding during such period. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

48   

The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require specific disclosures for eligible investments, regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Fund s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Fund s significant accounting policies
in Note 2. The following table presents information about the Fund s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015   

49   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

 See the  Fair Value - Definition and
Hierarchy    section     in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers into and out of each level of the
fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 In the normal course of business, the
Fund utilizes derivative contracts in connection with its proprietary trading activities. Investments in derivative contracts are
subject to additional risks that can result in a loss of all or part of an investment. The Fund s derivative activities and
exposure to derivative contracts are classified by the following primary underlying risks: interest rate, credit, commodity price,
and equity price risks. In addition to its primary underlying risks, the Fund is also subject to additional counterparty risk due
to inability of its counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. For nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended
December 31, 2015, the Fund invested only in commodity futures contracts. 

Futures Contracts   

The Fund is subject to commodity price risk
in the normal course of pursuing its investment objectives. A futures contract represents a commitment for the future purchase
or sale of an asset at a specified price on a specified date. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts
requires margin deposits with a FCM. Subsequent payments (variation margin) are made or received by the Fund each day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the contract, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Fund. Futures contracts
may reduce the Fund s exposure to counterparty risk since futures contracts are exchange-traded; and the exchange s
clearinghouse, as the counterparty to all exchange-traded futures, guarantees the futures against default. 

 The Commodity Exchange Act requires
an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s proprietary activities. A customer s cash and
other equity deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to the Fund s pro rata share of segregated
customer funds available. It is possible that the recovery amount could be less than the total of cash and other equity deposited. 

 The following table discloses information
about offsetting assets and liabilities presented in the statements of assets and liabilities to enable users of these financial
statements to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized
assets and liabilities are presented as defined in FASB ASU No. 2011-11  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities  and subsequently clarified in FASB ASU 2013-01  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope
of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.  

 The following table also identifies
the fair value amounts of derivative instruments included in the statements of assets and liabilities as derivative contracts,
categorized by primary underlying risk and held by the FCM, ED F Man as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Offsetting of Financial Assets and
Derivative Assets as of   September 30, 2016  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Assets       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     to Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Soybean futures contracts    
     $  143,413       
     $  -       
     $  143,413       
     $  143,413       
     $  -       
     $  -     

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities
as of September 30, 2016  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     from Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Soybean futures contracts    
     $  387,000       
     $  -       
     $ 
     387,000    
       
     $ 
     143,413    
       
     $  222,487       
     $ 
     - 

50   

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets as of December
31, 2015  

(i)  
       
      (ii)  
       
      (iii) = (i)   (ii)  
       
      (iv)  
       
      (v) = (iii)   (iv)   

Gross Amount Not Offset in the  
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities  

Description  
       
      Gross Amount  
 of Recognized  
 Assets  
       
      Gross Amount  
 Offset in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  
       
      Net Amount  
 Presented in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  

Futures  
         Contracts 
        Available for  
         Offset  
       
      Collateral, Due  
 to Broker  
       
      Net Amount   
 
      Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      16,175  
       
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
      16,175  
       
      $  
      16,175  
       
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
      -   

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities
as of December 31, 2015  

(i)  
       
      (ii)  
       
      (iii) = (i)   (ii)  
       
      (iv)  
       
      (v) = (iii)   (iv)   

Gross Amount Not Offset in the  
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities  

Description  
       
      Gross Amount  
 of Recognized  
 Liabilities  
       
      Gross Amount  
 Offset in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  
       
      Net Amount  
 Presented in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  

Futures  
         Contracts 
        Available for  
         Offset  
       
      Collateral, Due  
 from Broker  
       
      Net Amount   
 
      Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      238,662  
       
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
      238,662  
       
      $  
      16,175  
       
      $  
      222,487  
       
      $  
      -   

The following is a summary of realized and
unrealized gains and losses of the derivative instruments utilized by the Fund: 

  Three months ended September 30, 2016  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Gain on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts    

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      28,163  

$  
       (1,612,025)  

Three months ended September 30, 2015   

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts    

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (356,775)   

$  
      (622,013)   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016   

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Gain on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      990,062  

$  
      (21,100)  

Nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Soybean futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (1,091,489  
      )   
       
      $  
      (27,462)  

51   

Volume of Derivative Activities   

The average notional market value categorized
by primary underlying risk for all futures contracts held were $12.4 million and $10.9 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and $7.3 million and $7.2 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Note 6     Financial Highlights   

The following tables present per unit performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This information has
been derived from information presented in the financial statements. This information has been derived from information presented
in the financial statements and is presented with total expenses gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor and with total expenses
net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, as appropriate. 

Effective in the third quarter 2015,
the financial highlights per share data are calculated consistent with the methodology used to calculate asset-based fees and expenses.
In prior periods, the financial highlights per share data are calculated using the average of the daily shares outstanding for
the reporting period, which is inclusive of the last day of the period. Any change in methodology was not material to the ratios
presented. 

Note 7   Organizational and Offering
Costs    

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the Shares of the Fund, including applicable SEC registration fees were borne directly by the Sponsor.
The Fund will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 8   Subsequent Events   

Management has evaluated the financial
statements for the quarter-ended September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material
events requiring either recognition through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Fund other than those noted below: 

 On
October 21, 2016, $13,000 of cash that had been held in custody at The Bank of New York Mellon was transferred to the Fund s
account at U.S. Bank. The balance for Restricted Cash is $90,616 as of this filing. 

52   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

53   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

54   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

55   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

56   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

57   

TEUCRIUM SUGAR FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

58   

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation   

Teucrium Sugar Fund (referred to herein as
 CANE  or the  Fund ) is a commodity pool that is a series of Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ),
a Delaware statutory trust formed on September 11, 2009. The Fund issues common units, called the  Shares,  representing
fractional undivided beneficial interests in the Fund. The Fund continuously offers Creation Baskets consisting of 25,000 Shares
at their Net Asset Value ( NAV ) to  Authorized Purchasers  through Foreside Fund Services, LLC, which
is the distributor for the Fund (the  Distributor ). Authorized Purchasers sell such Shares, which are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Arca under the symbol  CANE,  to the public at per-Share offering prices
that reflect, among other factors, the trading price of the Shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Fund at the time the Authorized
Purchaser purchased the Creation Baskets and the NAV at the time of the offer of the Shares to the public, the supply of and demand
for Shares at the time of sale, and the liquidity of the markets for sugar interests. The Fund s Shares trade in the secondary
market on the NYSE Arca at prices that are lower or higher than their NAV per Share. 

The investment objective of CANE is to have
the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average
of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for sugar ( Sugar Futures Contracts ) that are traded
on ICE Futures US ( ICE Futures ), specifically: (1) the second-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract (a  Sugar
No. 11 Futures Contract ), weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the
Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract expiring in the March following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

The Fund commenced investment operations on
September 19, 2011 and has a fiscal year ending December 31. The Fund s sponsor is Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ).
The Sponsor is responsible for the management of the Fund. The Sponsor is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA )
and became a commodity pool operator registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective
November 10, 2009. 

On June 17, 2011, the Fund s registration
of 10,000,000 shares on Form S-1 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On
September 19, 2011, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  CANE.  On the business day
prior to that, the Fund issued 100,000 shares in exchange for $2,500,000 at the Fund s initial NAV of $25 per share. The
Fund also commenced investment operations on September 19, 2011 by purchasing commodity futures contracts traded on ICE. On December
31, 2010, the Fund had four shares outstanding, which were owned by the Sponsor. On June 30, 2014, a subsequent registration for
CANE was declared effective by the SEC. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Fund s financial statements for the interim period.
It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the most recent Form S-1 filing, as applicable. The operating
results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC, in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ), may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of
whether the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation
to its operating expenses make the continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will
require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts and
Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212.  U.S. Bank N.A. is a
Wisconsin state chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin
State Banking Department.  The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing
certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For
such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee.  

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the statements of operations reflected an expense, before
and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services ( Custodian
Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of a Fund. The Custodian
Fees reflected in the financial statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, are generally as had
been presented in prior periods of 2015. 

59   

For custody services, the Funds will
pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets over $1 billion, annually,
plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services, which are based on
the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on the first
$250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion annually.
A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is assessed
per Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $5,786 and $70,194, respectively,
for these services, which is recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations; of these expenses $3,868
in 2016 and $70,194 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$13,137 and $134,194, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements
of operations; of these expenses $9,694 in 2016 and $134,194 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services, LLC ( Foreside 
or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement among the Distributor and
the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt and processing of orders for Creation
Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and advertising materials. The Distributor
and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the  SASA ) under which certain
employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered principals of the Distributor, under
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the Distributor, Foreside receives a fee
of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000 for all Teucrium Funds, along with
certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of $5,000 per registered representative
and $1,000 per registered location. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $1,578 and
$1,016, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations;
of these expenses $1,578 in 2016 and $397 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $6,606 and $2,451, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution
and marketing fees on the statements of operations; of these expenses $4,047 in 2016 and $867 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC ( Newedge USA )
merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving entity. On February
6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All futures
contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held at SG
had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets
Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute and
clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F
Man is also registered as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F
Man is a clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange,
and all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F
Man, Jefferies and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term
charge for futures contracts commission to $9.00. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$2,826 and $0, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations
and paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $6,498 and
$0, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations and paid for
by the Fund. 

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives an
annual fee of $3,300 from the Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund recognized $133 for
these services and was recorded in business permits and licenses on the statements of operations and was waived by the Sponsor.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification. 

Revenue Recognition   

 Commodity futures contracts are recorded
on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as the difference between
the original contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial
statements. Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. Interest
on cash equivalents and deposits with the Futures Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Fund earns interest
on its assets 

60   

denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit
with the Futures Commission Merchant. In addition, the Fund earns interest on funds held at the custodian at prevailing market
rates for such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions   

 Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on the trade date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes   

 For tax purposes, the Fund will be treated
as a partnership. The Fund does not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report their share of the Fund s
income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Fund s transactions without adjustment,
if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Fund is required to determine whether
a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Fund files an income tax return
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Fund remains subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Fund recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. Based
on its analysis, the Fund has determined that it has not incurred any liability for tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and for
the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Fund s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to
review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and changes to tax laws,
regulations, and interpretations thereof. 

 The Fund recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Fund may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Fund s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets consisting of 25,000 shares from the Fund. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal
to the NAV of the shares in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket
is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
the Fund only in blocks of 25,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

The Fund receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Purchasers are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as receivable for shares sold. Amounts payable
to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as payable for
shares redeemed.  

As outlined in the most recent Form S-1 filing, 50,000 shares represents
two Redemption Baskets for the Fund and a minimum level of shares. 

Allocation of Shareholder Income and
Losses   

Profit or loss is allocated among the shareholders
of the Fund in proportion to the number of shares each shareholder holds as of the close of each month. 

Cash Equivalents   

 Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Fund reported its cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities
at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities.
The Fund has these balances of its assets on deposit with banks. The Fund had a balance of $239,864 and $297,460 in money market
funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively; these balances are included in cash and cash equivalents on the
statements of assets and liabilities. Effective in the second quarter 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash
for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts, which is classified as cash and not as a cash equivalent. The Fund
had a balance of $6,556,452 as of September 30, 2016 and $4,635,331 as of December 31, 2015 in a demand-deposit savings account.
This change resulted in a reduction in the balance held in money market funds. Assets deposited with financial institutions, at
times, exceed federally insured limits. 

61   

Restricted Cash   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. Per the amended agreement between
the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon dated August 14, 2015, certain cash amounts for each Fund, except in the case of TAGS,
are to remain at The Bank of New York Mellon until amounts for services and early termination fees are paid. The amended agreement
allows for payments for such amounts owed to be made through December 31, 2017. Cash balances that are held in custody at The Bank
of New York Mellon under this amended agreement are reflected on the statements of assets and liabilities of the Fund and the Trust
as restricted cash. 

Due from/to Broker   

 The amount recorded by the Fund for
the amount due from and to the clearing broker includes, but is not limited to, cash held by the broker, amounts payable to the
clearing broker related to open transactions and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on
the clearing broker s records. 

 Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may
create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment
or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly
exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from
time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term
of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Fund s clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest
contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading
generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral
by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

 Ongoing or  maintenance 
margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures
contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made
by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With
respect to the Fund s trading, the Fund (and not its shareholders personally) is subject to margin calls. 

Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed
certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account
would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the
total risk of the combined positions. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value   

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets and   

Subtracting any liabilities.    
 
 The administrator, USBFS, calculates
the NAV of the Fund once each trading day. It calculates the NAV as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York
time. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:15 p.m. New York time. 

 In determining the value of Sugar Futures
Contracts, the administrator uses the ICE closing price. The administrator determines the value of all other Fund investments as
of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The value of over-the-counter sugar interests is determined
based on the value of the commodity or futures contract underlying such sugar interest, except that a fair value may be determined
if the Sponsor believes that the Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such sugar interest.
For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV where necessary to reflect the  fair
value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract closes at its price fluctuation limit for the day. Treasury securities
held by the Fund are valued by the administrator using values received from recognized third-party vendors and dealer quotes. NAV
includes any unrealized profit or loss on open sugar interests and any other income or expense accruing to the Fund but unpaid
or not received by the Fund. 

62   

Sponsor Fee, Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

 The Sponsor is responsible for investing
the assets of the Fund in accordance with the objectives and policies of the Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to the Trust
and the Funds. In addition, the Sponsor elected not to outsource services directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds such
as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities. In addition, the Fund is contractually obligated
to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum. 

 The Fund generally pays for all brokerage
fees, taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid
to the SEC, FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory agency in connection with the
offer and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated
therewith. The Fund also pays its portion of the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting
requirements. Certain aggregate expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective
funds based on activity drivers deemed most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative
assets under management and creation and redeem order activity. 

 These aggregate common expenses include,
but are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of
operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the Sponsor;
these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting, regulatory
compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, such expenses, which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations, totaled
$18,520 in 2016 and $10,985 in 2015; of these amounts, $18,520 in 2016 and $5,953 in 2015 were waived by the
Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, such expenses, totaled $86,877 in 2016 and $26,742 in
2015; of these amounts, $55,587 in 2016 and $13,048 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. All asset-based fees and expenses
for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net assets. 

For the three months ended September 30, there were $48,043
in 2016 and $109,353 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements of operations of the Fund
as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for these amounts
in any future period. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, there were $121,429 in 2016 and $197,178 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements
of operations of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery
sought for these amounts in any future period.  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Fund
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value
that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Fund. Unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s assumptions about
the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in
the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Fund has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 financial instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that
are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these financial instruments does not entail a significant
degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

 The availability of valuation techniques
and observable inputs can vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide
variety of factors including, the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not
yet established in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based
on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment.
Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future
circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may
be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been 

63   

used had a ready market for the financial
instruments existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining fair value is greatest for financial
instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels
of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy, within which the fair
value measurement in its entirety falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions
are not readily available, the Fund s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Fund uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
financial instruments. This condition could cause a financial instrument to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair
value hierarchy. When such a situation exists on a quarter close, the Sponsor will calculate the NAV on a particular day using
the Level 1 valuation, but will later recalculate the NAV for the impacted Fund based upon the valuation inputs from these alternative
verifiable sources (Level 2 or Level 3) and will report such NAV in its applicable financial statements and reports. 

On September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, in the opinion of the Trust and the Fund, the reported value of the Sugar Futures Contracts traded on the ICE fairly reflected
the value of the Sugar Futures Contracts held by the Fund, and no adjustments were necessary. The determination is made as of the
settlement of the futures contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level
1 or Level 2 transfer, the Fund considers the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant
exchange for the periods being reported. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair
value hierarchy. 

 The Fund records its derivative activities
at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statements of operations. Derivative contracts include
futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the CBOT and
the ICE, or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC derivatives
contracts (such as forward and swap contracts) which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant inputs are observable
or unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the NAV per unit at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of units
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average unit. The weighted average units
are equal to the number of units outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for units created or redeemed based
on the amount of time the units were outstanding during such period. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

64   

The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require specific disclosures for eligible investments, regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Fund s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Fund s significant accounting policies
in Note 3. The following table presents information about the Fund s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

See the   Fair
Value - Definition and Hierarchy       section     in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers
into and out of each level of the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 In the normal course of business, the
Fund utilizes derivative contracts in connection with its proprietary trading activities. Investments in derivative contracts are
subject to additional risks that can result in a loss of all or part of an investment. The Fund s derivative activities and
exposure to derivative contracts are classified by the following primary underlying risks: interest rate, credit, commodity price,
and equity price 

65   

risks. In addition to its primary underlying
risks, the Fund is also subject to additional counterparty risk due to inability of its counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund invested only in commodity futures
contracts. 

Futures Contracts   

 The Fund is subject to commodity price
risk in the normal course of pursuing its investment objectives. A futures contract represents a commitment for the future purchase
or sale of an asset at a specified price on a specified date. 

 The purchase and sale of futures contracts
requires margin deposits with a FCM. Subsequent payments (variation margin) are made or received by the Fund each day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the contract, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Fund. Futures contracts
may reduce the Fund s exposure to counterparty risk since futures contracts are exchange-traded; and the exchange s
clearinghouse, as the counterparty to all exchange-traded futures, guarantees the futures against default. 

 The Commodity Exchange Act requires
an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s proprietary activities. A customer s cash and
other equity deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to the Fund s pro rata share of segregated
customer funds available. It is possible that the recovery amount could be less than the total of cash and other equity deposited. 

 The following table discloses information
about offsetting assets and liabilities presented in the statements of assets and liabilities to enable users of these financial
statements to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized
assets and liabilities are presented as defined in FASB ASU No. 2011-11  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities  and subsequently clarified in FASB ASU 2013-01  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope
of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.  

The following table also identifies the fair
value amounts of derivative instruments included in the statements of assets and liabilities as derivative contracts, categorized
by primary underlying risk and held by the FCM, ED F Man as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative
Assets as of September 30, 2016  

(i)  

(ii)  

(iii) = (i)   (ii)  

(iv)  

(v) = (iii)   (iv)  

Gross Amount Not Offset in the  

Statement of Assets and Liabilities  

Gross Amount  

Net Amount  

Offset in the  

Presented in the  

Gross Amount  

Statement of  

Statement of  

of Recognized  

Assets and  

Assets and  

Futures Contracts  

Collateral, Due  

Description   
       
      Assets  

Liabilities  

Liabilities  

Available for Offset  

to Broker  

Net Amount   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      699,373  

$  
      -  

$  
      699,373  

$  
      29,882  

$  
      250,600  

$  
      418,891  

Offsetting of
Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities as of September 30, 2016  

(i)  

(ii)  

(iii) = (i)   (ii)  

(iv)  

(v) = (iii)   (iv)  

Gross Amount Not Offset in the  

Statement of Assets and Liabilities  

Gross Amount  

Net Amount  

Offset in the  

Presented in the  

Gross Amount  

Statement of  

Statement of  

of Recognized  

Assets and  

Assets and  

Futures Contracts  

Collateral, Due  

Description   
       
      Liabilities  

Liabilities  

Liabilities  

Available for Offset  

from Broker  

Net Amount   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      29,882  

$  
      -  

$  
      29,882  

$  
      29,882  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets as of December
31, 2015  

(i)  

(ii)  

(iii) = (i)   (ii)  

(iv)  

(v) = (iii)   (iv)  

Gross Amount Not Offset in the  

Statement of Assets and Liabilities  

Description   
       
      Gross Amount  
 of Recognized  
 Assets  

Gross Amount  
 Offset in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  

Net Amount  
 Presented in the  
 Statement of  
 Assets and  
 Liabilities  

Futures Contracts 
        Available for Offset  

Collateral, Due  
 to Broker  

Net Amount  

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      364,056  

$  
      -  

$  
      364,056  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      364,056  

66   

The following tables identify the net gain
and loss amounts included in the statements of operations as realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading of commodity futures
contracts categorized by primary underlying risk: 

Three months ended September 30, 2016  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Gain on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized   
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      948,483  

$  
      (18,088)  

Three months ended September 30, 2015  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (446,791  
      )  
       
      $  
      116,167  

Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Gain on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized   
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      1,957,357  

$  
      305,435  

Nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Sugar futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (1,286,051  
      )  
       
      $  
      312,379  

Volume of Derivative Activities   

The average notional market value categorized
by primary underlying risk for all futures contracts held were $7.2 million and $5.8 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and $3.7 million and $3.4 million for the same periods in 2015. 

Note 6     Financial Highlights   

The following table presents per unit performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This information has
been derived from information presented in the financial statements. This information has been derived from information presented
in the financial statements and is presented with total expenses gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor and with total expenses
net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, as appropriate. 

67   

Effective in the third quarter 2015, the financial
highlights per share data are calculated consistent with the methodology used to calculate asset-based fees and expenses. In prior
periods, the financial highlights per share data are calculated using the average of the daily shares outstanding for the reporting
period, which is inclusive of the last day of the period. Any change in methodology was not material to the ratios presented. 

Note 7   Organizational and Offering
Costs   

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the Shares of the Fund, including applicable SEC registration fees, were borne directly by the Sponsor.
The Fund will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 8   Subsequent Events   

 Management has evaluated the financial
statements for the quarter-ended September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material
events requiring either recognition through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Fund. 

68   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

69   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  
September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

70   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  
December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

71   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

72   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

73   

TEUCRIUM WHEAT FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

74   

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation   

Teucrium Wheat Fund (referred to herein as
 WEAT  or the  Fund ) is a commodity pool that is a series of Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ),
a Delaware statutory trust formed on September 11, 2009. The Fund issues common units, called the  Shares,  representing
fractional undivided beneficial interests in the Fund. The Fund continuously offers Creation Baskets consisting of 25,000 Shares
at their Net Asset Value ( NAV ) to  Authorized Purchasers  through Foreside Fund Services, LLC, which
is the distributor for the Fund (the  Distributor ). Authorized Purchasers sell such Shares, which are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Arca under the symbol  WEAT,  to the public at per-Share offering prices
that reflect, among other factors, the trading price of the Shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Fund at the time the Authorized
Purchaser purchased the Creation Baskets and the NAV at the time of the offer of the Shares to the public, the supply of and demand
for Shares at the time of sale, and the liquidity of the markets for wheat interests. The Fund s Shares trade in the secondary
market on the NYSE Arca at prices that are lower or higher than their NAV per Share. 

The investment objective of WEAT is to have
the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average
of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for wheat ( Wheat Futures Contracts ) that are traded
on the CBOT, specifically: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT Wheat Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Wheat
Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Wheat Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month
of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

The Fund commenced investment operations on
September 19, 2011 and has a fiscal year ending December 31. The Fund s sponsor is Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ).
The Sponsor is responsible for the management of the Fund. The Sponsor is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA )
and became a commodity pool operator registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective
November 10, 2009. 

On June 17, 2011, the Fund s registration
of 10,000,000 shares on Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC. On September 19, 2011, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE
Arca under the ticker symbol  WEAT.  On the business day prior to that, the Fund issued 100,000 shares in exchange
for $2,500,000 at the Fund s initial NAV of $25 per share. The Fund also commenced investment operations on September 19,
2011 by purchasing commodity futures contracts traded on the CBOT. On December 31, 2010, the Fund had four shares outstanding,
which were owned by the Sponsor. On June 30, 2014, a subsequent registration statement for WEAT was declared effective by the SEC. On
July 15, 2016, a subsequent registration statement for WEAT was declared effective. This registration statement for WEAT registered
an additional 24,050,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Fund s financial statements for the interim period.
It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes
included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the most recent Form S-1 filing, as applicable. The operating
results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC, in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ), may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of
whether the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation
to its operating expenses make the continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will
require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts and
Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212.  U.S. Bank N.A. is a
Wisconsin state chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin
State Banking Department.  The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing
certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For
such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee. 

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the statements of operations reflected an expense, before
and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services ( Custodian
Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of a Fund. The 

75   

Custodian Fees reflected in the financial
statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, are generally as had been presented in prior periods
of 2015. 

 For custody services, the Funds will
pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets over $1 billion, annually,
plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services, which are based on
the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on the first
$250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion annually.
A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is assessed
per Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $35,905 and $47,557, respectively, for
these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations; of these expenses, $0 in 2016
and $10,874 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$69,106 and $104,305, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements
of operations; of these expenses, $0 in 2016 and $27,874 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services, LLC ( Foreside 
or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement among the Distributor and
the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt and processing of orders for Creation
Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and advertising materials. The Distributor
and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the  SASA ) under which certain
employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered principals of the Distributor, under
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the Distributor, Foreside receives a fee
of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000 for all Teucrium Funds, along with
certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of $5,000 per registered representative
and $1,000 per registered location. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $12,479 and
$8,592, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations and
paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $35,190 and $24,076, respectively,
for these services, which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations and paid for by the Fund. 

 On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC ( Newedge USA )
merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving entity. On February
6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All futures
contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held at SG
had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets
Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute and
clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F
Man is also registered as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F
Man is a clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange,
and all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F
Man, Jefferies and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term
charge for futures contracts commission to $9.00. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized
$11,201 and $3,668, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations
and paid for by the Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $24,610 and $9,080,
respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage commissions on the statements of operations and paid for by the
Fund. 

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives an
annual fee of $3,300 from the Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund recorded $1,078
for these services, which was recorded in business permits and licenses on the statements of operations and was waived by the Sponsor.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification. 

Revenue Recognition   

 Commodity futures contracts are recorded
on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statements of assets and liabilities as the difference between
the original contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial
statements. Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. Interest
on cash 

76   

equivalents and deposits with the Futures
Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Fund earns interest on its assets denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit
with the Futures Commission Merchant. In addition, the Fund earns interest on funds held at the custodian at prevailing market
rates for such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions   

 Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on the trade date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes   

 For tax purposes, the Fund will be treated
as a partnership. The Fund does not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report their share of the Fund s
income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Fund s transactions without adjustment,
if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Fund is required to determine whether
a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Fund files an income tax return
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Fund remains subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Fund recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. Based
on its analysis, the Fund has determined that it has not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,
2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Fund s conclusions regarding this policy may
be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and changes
to tax laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof. 

 The Fund recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Fund may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Fund s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets consisting of 25,000 shares from the Fund. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal
to the NAV of the shares in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket
is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
the Fund only in blocks of 25,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

The Fund receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Purchasers are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as receivable for shares sold. Amounts payable
to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption are reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as payable for
shares redeemed.  

As outlined in the most recent Form S-1 filing, 50,000 shares represents
two Redemption Baskets for the Fund and a minimum level of shares. 

Allocation of Shareholder Income and
Losses   

Profit or loss is allocated among the shareholders
of the Fund in proportion to the number of shares each shareholder holds as of the close of each month. 

Cash Equivalents   

 Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Fund reported its cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities
at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities.
The Fund has these balances of its assets on deposit with banks. The Fund had a balance of $1,127,591 and $1,179,336 in money market
funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively; these balances are included in cash and cash equivalents on the
statements of assets and liabilities. Effective in the second quarter 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash
for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts, which is classified as cash and not as a cash equivalent. The Fund
had a balance of $50,331,922 as of September 30, 2016 and $23,399,755 as of December 31, 2015 in a demand-deposit savings account.
This change resulted in a reduction in the balance held in money market funds. Assets deposited with financial institutions, at
times, exceed federally insured limits. 

77   

Due from/to Broker   

 The amount recorded by the Fund for
the amount due from and to the clearing broker includes, but is not limited to, cash held by the broker, amounts payable to the
clearing broker related to open transactions and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on
the clearing broker s records. 

 Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may
create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment
or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly
exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from
time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term
of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Fund s clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest
contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading
generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral
by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

 Ongoing or  maintenance 
margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures
contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made
by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With
respect to the Fund s trading, the Fund (and not its shareholders personally) is subject to margin calls. 

Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed
certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account
would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the
total risk of the combined positions. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value   

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets and   

Subtracting any liabilities.   
 
 The administrator, USBFS, calculates
the NAV of the Fund once each trading day. It calculates the NAV as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York
time. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:15 p.m. New York time. 

 In determining the value of Wheat Futures
Contracts, the administrator uses the CBOT closing price. The administrator determines the value of all other Fund investments
as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The value of over-the-counter wheat interests is determined
based on the value of the commodity or futures contract underlying such wheat interest, except that a fair value may be determined
if the Sponsor believes that the Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such wheat interest.
For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV where necessary to reflect the  fair
value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract closes at its price fluctuation limit for the day. Treasury securities
held by the Fund are valued by the administrator using values received from recognized third-party vendors and dealer quotes. NAV
includes any unrealized profit or loss on open wheat interests and any other income or expense accruing to the Fund but unpaid
or not received by the Fund. 

Sponsor Fee, Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

 The Sponsor is responsible for investing
the assets of the Fund in accordance with the objectives and policies of the Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to the Trust
and the Funds. In addition, the Sponsor elected not to outsource services directly attributable to the Trust and the Funds such
as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities. In addition, the Fund is contractually obligated
to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum.  

The Fund generally pays for all brokerage fees,
taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid to the
SEC, FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer
and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses 

78   

associated therewith. The Fund also pays its
portion of the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting requirements. Certain aggregate
expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective funds based on activity drivers deemed
most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative assets under management and creation and
redeem order activity. 

 These aggregate common expenses include,
but are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of
operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the Sponsor;
these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting, regulatory
compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Fund. For the three months ended September 30, such
expenses, which are primarily recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations, totaled $144,122 in
2016 and $93,286 in 2015; of these amounts, $23,037 in 2016 and $0 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended
September 30, such expenses, totaled $456,178 in 2016 and $259,496 in 2015; of these amounts, $23,037 in 2016 and $0 in 2015 were
waived by the Sponsor. All asset-based fees and expenses for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net assets. 

 For the three months ended September
30, there were $49,516 in 2016 and $10,874 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements
of operations of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery
sought for these amounts in any future period. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, there were $49,516 in 2016 and $42,174 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements
of operations of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery
sought for these amounts in any future period. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Fund
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value
that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Fund. Unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s assumptions about
the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in
the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Fund has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 financial instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that
are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these financial instruments does not entail a significant
degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The availability of valuation techniques and
observable inputs can vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide variety
of factors including, the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not yet established
in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or
inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated
values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that
cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher
or lower than the values that would have been used had a ready market for the financial instruments existed. Accordingly,
the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining fair value is greatest for financial instruments categorized
in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy.
In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy, within which the fair value measurement in its entirety
falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Fair value is a market-based measure
considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions
are not readily available, the Fund s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Fund uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
financial 

79   

instruments. This condition could cause
a financial instrument to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. When such a situation exists on
a quarter close, the Sponsor will calculate the NAV on a particular day using the Level 1 valuation, but will later recalculate
the NAV for the impacted Fund based upon the valuation inputs from these alternative verifiable sources (Level 2 or Level 3) and
will report such NAV in its applicable financial statements and reports. 

 The determination is made as of the
settlement of the futures contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level
1 or Level 2 transfer, the Fund considers the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant
exchange for the three months being reported. 

 On September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, in the opinion of the Trust and the Fund, the reported value of the Wheat Futures Contracts traded on the CBOT fairly reflected
the value of the Wheat Futures Contracts held by the Fund, and no adjustments were necessary. The determination is made as of the
settlement of the futures contracts on the last day of trading for the reporting period. In making the determination of a Level
1 or Level 2 transfer, the Fund considers the average volume of the specific underlying futures contracts traded on the relevant
exchange for the periods being reported. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair
value hierarchy. 

The Fund records its derivative activities
at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statements of operations. Derivative contracts include
futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the CBOT and
the ICE, or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC derivatives
contracts (such as forward and swap contracts) which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant inputs are observable
or unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Expenses   

 Expenses are recorded using the accrual
method of accounting. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the NAV per unit at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of units
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average unit. The weighted average units
are equal to the number of units outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for units created or redeemed based
on the amount of time the units were outstanding during such period. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

80   

The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require specific disclosures for eligible investments, regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Fund s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Fund s significant accounting policies
in Note 3. The following table presents information about the Fund s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any significant transfers between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

 See the  Fair Value - Definition and
Hierarchy    section     in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers into and out of each level of the
fair value hierarchy. 

81   

Note 5   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

In the normal course of business, the Fund
utilizes derivative contracts in connection with its proprietary trading activities. Investments in derivative contracts are subject
to additional risks that can result in a loss of all or part of an investment. The Fund s derivative activities and exposure
to derivative contracts are classified by the following primary underlying risks: interest rate, credit, commodity price, and equity
price risks. In addition to its primary underlying risks, the Fund is also subject to additional counterparty risk due to inability
of its counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Fund invested only in commodity futures contracts. 

Futures Contracts   

The Fund is subject to commodity price risk
in the normal course of pursuing its investment objectives. A futures contract represents a commitment for the future purchase
or sale of an asset at a specified price on a specified date. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts
requires margin deposits with a Futures Commission Merchant ( FCM ).  Subsequent payments (variation margin) are
made or received by the Fund each day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the contract, and are recorded as unrealized
gains or losses by the Fund.  Futures contracts may reduce the Fund s exposure to counterparty risk since futures contracts
are exchange-traded; and the exchange s clearinghouse, as the counterparty to all exchange-traded futures, guarantees the
futures against default. 

The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM
to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM's proprietary activities.  A customer's cash and other equity
deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds subject to the FCM s segregation requirements. 
In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to the Fund s pro rata share of segregated customer funds
available.  It is possible that the recovery amount could be less than the total of cash and other equity deposited.   

The following table discloses information about
offsetting assets and liabilities presented in the statements of assets and liabilities to enable users of these financial statements
to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized assets
and liabilities are presented as defined in the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2011-11  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
and subsequently clarified in FASB ASU 2013-01  Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities.  

The following table also identifies the fair
value amounts of derivative instruments included in the statements of assets and liabilities as derivative contracts, categorized
by primary underlying risk and held by the FCM, ED F Man as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of September 30, 2016  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     from Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Wheat futures contracts    
     $  4,032,213       
     $  -       
     $  4,032,213       
     $  -       
     $  4,032,213       
     $  -     

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and
Derivative Liabilities as of December 31, 2015  

(i)       
     (ii)       
     (iii) = (i)   (ii)       
     (iv)       
     (v) = (iii)   (iv)     

Gross Amount Not Offset in the       

Statement of Assets and  Liabilities       

Gross Amount       
     Net Amount       

Offset in the 
          
     Presented in the       

Gross Amount       
     Statement of       
     Statement of       

of Recognized       
     Assets and       
     Assets and       
     Futures Contracts       
     Collateral, Due       

Description    
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Liabilities       
     Available for Offset       
     from Broker       
     Net Amount     
 
     Commodity price    

Wheat futures contracts    
     $  1,924,464       
     $  -       
     $  1,924,464       
     $  -       
     $  1,924,464       
     $  -     

The following tables identify the net gain
and loss amounts included in the statements of operations as realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading of commodity futures
contracts categorized by primary underlying risk: 

82   

Three months ended September 30, 2016   

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on   
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Wheat futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (5,677,475  
      )   
       
      $  
      (692,500  
      )    

Three months ended September 30, 2015  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on   
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Wheat futures contracts  
       
      $  
       (744,325  
      )  
       
      $  
      (5,046,488  
      )   

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on   
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Wheat futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (7,244,175  
      )   
       
      $  
      (2,107,750  
      )    

Nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Primary Underlying Risk   

Realized Loss on   
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Net Change in Unrealized  
          Appreciation or Depreciation on  
          Commodity Futures Contracts   

Commodity price  

Wheat futures contracts  
       
      $  
      (3,017,638  
      )   
       
      $  
      (1,794,075)  

Volume of Derivative Activities   

The average notional market value categorized
by primary underlying risk for all futures contracts held was $53.0 million and $35.3 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $28.0 million and $25.8 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Note 6     Financial Highlights   

The following tables present per unit performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This information has
been derived from information presented in the financial statements. This information has been derived from information presented
in the financial statements and is presented with total expenses gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor and with total expenses
net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, as appropriate. 

Effective in the third quarter 2015, the financial
highlights per share data are calculated consistent with the methodology used to calculate asset-based fees and expenses. In prior
periods, the financial highlights per share data are calculated using the average of the daily shares outstanding for the reporting
period, which is inclusive of the last day of the period. Any change in methodology was not material to the ratios presented. 

83   

Note 7   Organizational and Offering
Costs   

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the Shares of the Fund, including applicable SEC registration fees, were borne directly by the Sponsor.
The Fund will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 8   Subsequent Events   

 Management has evaluated the financial
statements for the quarter-ended September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material
events requiring either recognition through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Fund. 

84   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

85   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

86   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

 December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

87   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

88   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

89   

TEUCRIUM AGRICULTURAL FUND  

    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

90   

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Operation  

Teucrium Agricultural Fund (referred to herein
as  TAGS  or the  Fund ) is a series of Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ), a Delaware statutory
trust organized on September 11, 2009. The Fund operates pursuant to the Trust s Second Amended and Restated Declaration
of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ). The Fund was formed on March 29, 2011 and is managed and controlled
by Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ). The Sponsor is a limited liability company formed in Delaware on July 28,
2009 that is registered as a commodity pool operator ( CPO ) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC )
and is a member of the National Futures Association ( NFA ). 

On April 22, 2011, a registration statement
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On February 10, 2012, the Fund s initial registration
of 5,000,000 shares on Form S-1 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On March
28, 2012, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  TAGS.  On the business day prior to
that, the Fund issued 300,000 shares in exchange for $15,000,000 at the Fund s initial NAV of $50 per share. The Fund also
commenced investment operations on March 28, 2012 by purchasing shares of the Underlying Funds. On December 31, 2011, the Fund
had two shares outstanding, which were owned by the Sponsor. On April 30, 2015, a subsequent registration statement for TAGS was
declared effective by the SEC. 

The investment objective of the TAGS is to
have the daily changes in percentage terms of the ( NAV ) of its  Shares  reflect the daily changes in
percentage terms of a weighted average (the  Underlying Fund Average ) of the NAVs per share of four other commodity
pools that are series of the Trust and are sponsored by the Sponsor: the Teucrium Corn Fund, the Teucrium Wheat Fund, the Teucrium
Soybean Fund and the Teucrium Sugar Fund (collectively, the  Underlying Funds ).  The Underlying Fund Average
will have a weighting of 25% to each Underlying Fund, and the Fund s assets will be rebalanced, generally on a daily basis,
to maintain the approximate 25% allocation to each Underlying Fund.  

The investment objective of each Underlying
Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of
a weighted average of the closing settlement prices for certain Futures Contracts for the commodity specified in the Underlying
Fund s name.  (This weighted average is referred to herein as the Underlying Fund s  Benchmark, 
the Futures Contracts that at any given time make up an Underlying Fund s Benchmark are referred to herein as the Underlying
Fund s  Benchmark Component Futures Contracts,  and the commodity specified in the Underlying Fund s name
is referred to herein as its  Specified Commodity. )  Specifically, the Teucrium Corn Fund s Benchmark
is: (1) the second-to-expire Futures Contract for corn traded on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ), weighted 35%,
(2) the third-to-expire CBOT corn Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT corn Futures Contract expiring in the December
following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%.  The Teucrium Wheat Fund s Benchmark
is: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT wheat Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT wheat Futures Contract, weighted
30%, and (3) the CBOT wheat Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract,
weighted 35%.  The Teucrium Soybean Fund s Benchmark is: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT soybean Futures Contract,
weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT soybean Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT soybean Futures Contract expiring
in the November following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%, except that CBOT soybean Futures
Contracts expiring in August and September will not be part of the Teucrium Soybean Fund s Benchmark because of the less
liquid market for these Futures Contracts.  The Teucrium Sugar Fund s Benchmark is: (1) the second-to-expire Sugar
No. 11 Futures Contract traded on ICE Futures US ( ICE Futures ), weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire ICE Futures
Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the ICE Futures Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract expiring in the March following
the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

While the Fund expects to maintain substantially
all of its assets in shares of the Underlying Funds at all times, the Fund may hold some residual amount of assets in obligations
of the United States government ( Treasury Securities ) or cash equivalents, and/or merely hold such assets in cash
(generally in interest-bearing accounts).  The Underlying Funds invest in Commodity Interests to the fullest extent possible
without being leveraged or unable to satisfy their expected current or potential margin or collateral obligations with respect
to their investments in Commodity Interests.  After fulfilling such margin and collateral requirements, the Underlying
Funds will invest the remainder of the proceeds from the sale of baskets in Treasury Securities or cash equivalents, and/or merely
hold such assets in cash.  Therefore, the focus of the Sponsor in managing the Underlying Funds is investing in Commodity
Interests and in Treasury Securities, cash and/or cash equivalents.  The Fund and Underlying Funds will earn interest
income from the Treasury Securities and/or cash equivalents that it purchases and on the cash it holds through the Fund s
custodian, the Bank of New York Mellon (the  Custodian ). 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information
and footnote disclosures required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Fund s financial statements for the interim
period. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related
notes included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the most recent Form S-1 filing, as applicable. The
operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for
the full year ending December 31, 2016. 

Subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement,
Teucrium Trading, LLC, in its capacity as the Sponsor ( Sponsor ), may terminate a Fund at any time, regardless of
whether the Fund has incurred losses, including, for instance, if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation 

91   

to its operating expenses make the continued
operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will require the Sponsor to terminate a Fund. 

Note 2   Principal Contracts
and Agreements   

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds. The principal business address
for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212.  U.S. Bank N.A. is a
Wisconsin state chartered bank subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Wisconsin
State Banking Department.  The principal address for U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ) is
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. In addition, effective on the Conversion Date, USBFS, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Bank, commenced serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing
certain SEC reports on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For
such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee. 

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the statements of operations reflected an expense, before
and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services ( Custodian
Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of a Fund. The Custodian
Fees reflected in the financial statements through December 31, 2015, net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, are generally as had
been presented in prior periods of 2015. 

 For custody services, the Funds will
pay to U.S. Bank N.A. 0.0075% of average gross assets up to $1 billion, and .0050% of average gross assets over $1 billion, annually,
plus certain per-transaction charges. For Transfer Agency, Fund Accounting and Fund Administration services, which are based on
the total assets for all the Funds in the Trust, the Funds will pay to USBFS 0.06% of average gross assets on the first
$250 million, 0.05% on the next $250 million, 0.04% on the next $500 million and 0.03% on the balance over $1 billion annually.
A combined minimum annual fee of up to $64,500 for custody, transfer agency, accounting and administrative services is assessed
per Fund. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $740 and $89,916, respectively, for these
services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations; of these expenses $603 in 2016 and
$89,916 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $2,077 and
$132,916, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in custodian fees and expenses on the statements of operations;
of these expenses $1,821 in 2016 and $132,916 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor employs Foreside Fund Services, LLC ( Foreside 
or the  Distributor ) as the Distributor for the Funds. The Distribution Services Agreement among the Distributor and
the Sponsor calls for the Distributor to work with the Custodian in connection with the receipt and processing of orders for Creation
Baskets and Redemption Baskets and the review and approval of all Fund sales literature and advertising materials. The Distributor
and the Sponsor have also entered into a Securities Activities and Service Agreement (the  SASA ) under which certain
employees and officers of the Sponsor are licensed as registered representatives or registered principals of the Distributor, under
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) rules. For its services as the Distributor, Foreside receives a fee
of 0.01% of the Fund s average daily net assets and an aggregate annual fee of $100,000 for all Teucrium Funds, along with
certain expense reimbursements. For its services under the SASA, Foreside receives a fee of $5,000 per registered representative
and $1,000 per registered location.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Fund recognized $251 and $269, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in distribution and
marketing fees on the statements of operations; of these expenses $251 in 2016 and $269 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor.  For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $881 and $938, respectively, for these services,
which was recorded in distribution and marketing fees on the statements of operations; of these expenses $775 in 2016 and $938
in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. 

 On January 2, 2015, Newedge USA, LLC ( Newedge USA )
merged with and into SG Americas Securities, LLC ( SG ), with the latter as the surviving entity. On February
6, 2015 Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) became the Funds  FCM and primary clearing broker. All futures
contracts held by SG were transferred to Jefferies on that date. As of February 23, 2015 all residual cash balances held at SG
had been transferred to Jefferies and the balance in all SG accounts was $0. Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets
Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Underlying Funds  FCM and the clearing broker to execute and
clear the Underlying Fund s futures and provide other brokerage-related services. As of June 4, 2015 all futures contracts
and residual cash balances held at Jefferies had been transferred to ED F Man and the balance in all Jefferies accounts was
$0. 

 Currently, ED F Man serves
as the Underlying Funds  clearing broker to execute and clear the Underlying Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related
services. ED F Man is registered as a FCM with the U.S. CFTC and is a member of the NFA.  ED F
Man is also registered as a broker/dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the FINRA.  ED F
Man is a clearing member of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange,
and all other major United States commodity exchanges.  For Corn, Soybean, Sugar and Wheat Futures Contracts ED F
Man, Jefferies and SG were paid $8.00 per round turn. Effective January 1, 2016, ED F Man, increased the per round-term
charge for futures contracts commission to $9.00. The Bank of New York Mellon serves as the broker for the Fund. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund recognized $223 and $0, respectively, for these services, which was recorded in brokerage
commissions on the statements of operations and paid for by the Fund. 

 The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation.  The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State
of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. For its services, the Trustee receives 

92   

an annual fee of $3,300 from the
Trust. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund recognized $21 for these services, which was recorded
in business permits and licenses on the statement of operations and was waived by the Sponsor. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Fund did not recognize any expense for these services. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification. 

Revenue Recognition   

Investment transactions are accounted for on
a trade-date basis. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation
or depreciation on investments are reflected in the statements of operations as the difference between the original amount and
the fair  market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial statements. Changes
in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. 

Brokerage Commissions   

Brokerage commissions are accrued on the trade
date and on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes    

 The Fund will be treated as a partnership
for United States federal income tax purposes. The Fund does not record a provision for income taxes because the shareholders report
their share of the Fund s income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Fund s transactions
without adjustment, if any, required for income tax purposes. 

 The Fund is required to determine whether
a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Fund files an income tax return
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. For all tax
years 2013 to 2015, the Fund remains subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in the Fund recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. This
policy has been applied to all existing tax positions upon the Fund s initial adoption. Based on its analysis, the Fund has
determined that it has not incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, the Fund s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment
at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations, and interpretations
thereof. 

 The Fund recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The Fund may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. state, or foreign jurisdictional authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions, and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Fund s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Creations and Redemptions   

Authorized Purchasers may purchase Creation
Baskets consisting of 25,000 shares from the Fund. The amount of the proceeds required to purchase a Creation Basket will be equal
to the NAV of the shares in the Creation Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create the basket
is properly received. 

Authorized Purchasers may redeem shares from
the Fund only in blocks of 25,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  The amount of the redemption proceeds for a Redemption
Basket will be equal to the NAV of the shares in the Redemption Basket determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the
order to redeem the basket is properly received. 

The Fund will receive the proceeds from shares
sold or will pay for redeemed shares within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption, respectively.
The amounts due from Authorized Purchasers will be reflected in the Fund s statements of assets and liabilities as receivable
for shares sold. Amounts payable to Authorized Purchasers upon redemption will be reflected in the Fund s statements of assets
and liabilities as payable for shares redeemed. 

As outlined in the most recent Form S-1 filing,
50,000 shares represents two Redemption Baskets for the Fund and a minimum level of shares. The Fund, currently, is at this minimum
number of shares outstanding and no redemptions can be made until additional shares are created. 

93   

Allocation of Shareholder Income and
Losses   

Profit or loss is allocated among the shareholders
of the Fund in proportion to the number of shares each shareholder holds as of the close of each month. 

Cash Equivalents   

 Cash equivalents are highly-liquid investments
with maturity dates of 90 days or less when acquired. The Fund reported its cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities
at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities.
The Fund has these balances of its assets on deposit with banks. Assets deposited with the bank may, at times, exceed federally
insured limits. TAGS had a balance of $4,052 and $1,815 in money market funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively;
these balances are included in cash equivalents on the statements of assets and liabilities. 

Payable/Receivable for Securities Purchased/Sold   

 Due from/to broker for investments in
securities are securities transactions pending settlement. The Fund is subject to credit risk to the extent any broker with whom
it conducts business is unable to fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf. The management of the Funds monitors the financial
condition of such brokers and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value   

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets and   

Subtracting any liabilities.   
 
 The administrator, USBFS, will calculate
the NAV of the Fund once each trading day. It will calculate the NAV as of the earlier of the close of the New York Stock Exchange
or 4:00 p.m. New York time. The NAV for a particular trading day will be released after 4:15 p.m. New York time. 

 For purposes of the determining the
Fund s NAV, the Fund s investments in the Underlying Funds will be valued based on the Underlying Funds  NAVs.
In turn, in determining the value of the Futures Contracts held by the Underlying Funds, the Administrator will use the closing
price on the exchange on which they are traded. The Administrator will determine the value of all other Fund and Underlying Fund
investments as of the earlier of the close of the New York Stock Exchange or 4:00 p.m. New York time, in accordance with the current
Services Agreement between the Administrator and the Trust. The value of over-the-counter Commodity Interests will be determined
based on the value of the commodity or Futures Contract underlying such Commodity Interest, except that a fair value may be determined
if the Sponsor believes that the Underlying Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such Commodity
Interest. For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV of an Underlying Fund where necessary
to reflect the  fair value  of a Futures Contract held by an Underlying Fund when a Futures Contract held by an Underlying
Fund closes at its price fluctuation limit for the day. Treasury Securities held by the Fund or Underlying Funds will be valued
by the Administrator using values received from recognized third-party vendors (such as Reuters) and dealer quotes. NAV will include
any unrealized profit or loss on open Commodity Interests and any other credit or debit accruing to the Fund but unpaid or not
received by the Fund. 

Sponsor Fee Allocation of Expenses and
Related Party Transactions   

The Fund pays no direct management fees to the Sponsor. The Underlying
Funds are contractually obligated to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate
equal to 1.00% per annum; these fees are recognized in the statements contained in this Form 10-Q for each of the Underlying Funds.
The Fund pays for all brokerage fees, taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property,
registration or other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, formerly the National Association of Securities Dealers, or any other regulatory
agency in connection with the offer and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing
and other expenses associated therewith. The Fund also pays its portion of the fees and expenses for services directly attributable
to the Fund such as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading activities, which the Sponsor elected not
to outsource. The Sponsor may, at its discretion waive the payment by the Fund of certain expenses. This election is subject to
change by the Sponsor, at its discretion. Certain aggregate expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the
Sponsor to the respective funds based on activity drivers deemed most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but
not limited to relative assets under management and creation and redeem order activity. 

These aggregate common expenses include, but
are not limited to, legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities,
and insurance costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of
operations. A portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to the Sponsor or related parties of principals of the Sponsor;
these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting, regulatory
compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Fund. The Sponsor has the ability to elect to pay certain
expenses on behalf of the Fund. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at its discretion. For the three months ended
September 30, such expenses, 

94   

which are primarily recorded in distribution
and marketing fees on the statements of operations, totaled $2,901 in 2016 and $2,873 in 2015; of these amounts $2,901
in 2016 and $2,873 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. For the nine months ended September 30, such expenses, totaled $11,416 in
2016 and $10,181 in 2015; of these amounts $9,888 in 2016 and $10,181 in 2015 were waived by the Sponsor. All asset-based fees
and expenses for the Funds are calculated on the prior day s net assets. The Sponsor can elect to adjust the daily expense
accruals at its discretion. 

 For the three months ended September
30, there were $9,893 in 2016 and $103,257 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements of operations
of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for
these amounts in any future period. 

 For the nine months ended September
30, there were $35,063 in 2016 and $181,727 in 2015, respectively, of expenses that were identified on the statements of operations
of the Fund as expenses that were waived by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has determined that there would be no recovery sought for
these amounts in any future period. 

Expenses   

 Expenses are recorded using the accrual
method of accounting. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments provide cash flow statement classification
guidance. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Trust and the Funds
are currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting . The amendments make targeted
improvements to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and are intended to make the guidance more operable and lead to more
consistent application. The Sponsor has analyzed the ASU and its amendments and does not expect the adoption will have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The amendment in this update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. This update will not have a material impact on
the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Funds. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the recognitions measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments to
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. These
amendments are required to be applied prospectively. The Trust and the Fund are currently evaluating the impact on the financial
statements and disclosures. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical
Corrections and Improvements.  The amendments in this update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current
accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the
Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent).  The ASU amends ASC 820 to create a practical expedient to measure the fair value of investments in certain
entities that do not have a quoted market price but calculate net asset value per share or its equivalent. In addition, the amendments
to ASC 820 provide guidance on classifying investments that are measured using the practical expedient in the fair value hierarchy
and require specific disclosures for eligible investments, regardless of whether the practical expedient has been applied. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

95   

The FASB issued ASU 2015-06,  Earnings
per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions.  The
amendments specify how earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated
to the various interest holders in a master limited partnership for purposes of calculating earning per unit under the two-class
method. The amendments to this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments are required to be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption did not have
a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation
guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments
to this update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments are required to be applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. The adoption did not have a material impact on the financial statements and disclosures of the Trust
or the Fund. 

 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in this update change the requirements for reporting discontinued
operations in Subtopic 2015-20. A significant provision of ASU 2014-08 calls for reporting as discontinued operations only those
disposals that represent a strategic shift or have a major impact on the entity s financial results and operations. The Company
elected to early adopt this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the
financial statements and disclosures of the Fund. 

Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy   

 In accordance with GAAP, fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 In determining fair value, the Fund
uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs
be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based
on market data obtained from sources independent of the Fund. Unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s assumptions about the
inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the
circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

  Level 1  - Valuations based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Fund has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 financial instruments of the Underlying Funds and securities of the
Fund, together the  financial instruments . Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly
available in an active market, valuation of these financial instruments does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

  Level 2  - Valuations based on
quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

  Level 3  - Valuations based on
inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

 The availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can
vary from financial instrument to financial instrument and is affected by a wide variety of factors including, the type of financial
instrument, whether the financial instrument is new and not yet established in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular
to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market,
the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may
be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent
uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had
a ready market for the financial instruments existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Fund in determining
fair value is greatest for financial instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value
may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value
hierarchy, within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls, is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the NAV per unit at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of units
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average unit. The weighted average units
are equal to the number of units outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for units created or redeemed based
on the amount of time the units were outstanding during such period. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements   

The Fund s assets and liabilities recorded
at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in the Fund s significant accounting policies
in Note 2. The following table presents information about the Fund s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

96   

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund did not have any transfers between any of the level of the fair value hierarchy. 

See the  Fair Value - Definition and Hierarchy    section     in Note 3 above for an explanation of the transfers into and out of each level of the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5   Financial Highlights   

The following table presents per unit performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This information has
been derived from information presented in the financial statements. This information has been derived from information presented
in the financial statements and is presented with total expenses gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor and with total expenses
net of expenses waived by the Sponsor, as appropriate. 

Effective in the third quarter 2015, the financial
highlights per share data are calculated consistent with the methodology used to calculate asset-based fees and expenses. In prior
periods, the financial highlights per share data are calculated using the average of the daily shares outstanding for the reporting
period, which is inclusive of the last day of the period. Any change in methodology was not material to the ratios presented. 

Note 6   Organizational and Offering
Costs   

Expenses incurred in organizing of the Trust
and the initial offering of the Shares of the Fund, including applicable SEC registration fees, were borne directly by the Sponsor.
The Fund will not be obligated to reimburse the Sponsor. 

Note 7   Subsequent Events   

 Management has evaluated the financial
statements for the quarter-ended September 30, 2016 for subsequent events through the date of this filing and noted no material
events requiring either recognition through the date of the filing or disclosure herein for the Fund. 

97   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

  This information should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report (the  Report ).
The discussion and analysis which follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial
results. Words such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   believe, 
 seek,   outlook  and  estimate,  as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking
statements. Teucrium Commodity Trust s (the  Trust s ) forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future results and conditions, and important factors, risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.  

  You should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor )
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors
described in this Report, as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after
the date of this Report.  

   Overview/Introduction   

 Teucrium Commodity Trust ( Trust ),
a Delaware statutory trust organized on September 11, 2009, is a series trust consisting of five series: Teucrium Corn Fund ( CORN ),
Teucrium Sugar Fund ( CANE ), Teucrium Soybean Fund ( SOYB ), Teucrium Wheat Fund ( WEAT ),
and Teucrium Agricultural Fund ( TAGS ). All of the series of the Trust are collectively referred to as the  Funds 
and singularly as the  Fund.  Each Fund is a commodity pool that is a series of the Trust. The Funds issue common units,
called the  Shares,  representing fractional undivided beneficial interests in a Fund.  The Trust and the Funds
operate pursuant to the Trust s Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ).  

 Two additional series, the Teucrium
Natural Gas Fund ( NAGS ) and the Teucrium WTI Crude Oil Fund ( CRUD ) commenced operations in 2011; however,
on December 18, 2014 CRUD and NAGS ceased trading on the NYSE Arca and the Sponsor liquidated all commodity futures contracts held
by these funds. All positions were sold through an exchange to unrelated parties.  On December 22, 2014 the Administrator
and Custodian proceeded to distribute cash to all shareholders in an amount equal to each shareholder s pro rata interest
in the respective fund. On December 30, 2014, Teucrium Trading, LLC (the  Sponsor ) completed the disposition of all
of the assets of these funds. There were zero assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014. The Form 15 was filed with the SEC
on January 9, 2015. Therefore, the financial statements for any period in 2015 do not include NAGS and CRUD. 

 On June 5, 2010, the initial Form S-1
for CORN was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On June 8, 2010, four Creation
Baskets for CORN were issued representing 200,000 shares and $5,000,000. CORN began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE )
Arca on June 9, 2010.  On April 29, 2016, a second subsequent registration statement for CORN was declared effective by the
SEC. 

On June 17, 2011, the initial Forms S-1 for
CANE, SOYB, and WEAT were declared effective by the SEC. On September 16, 2011, two Creation Baskets were issued for each Fund,
representing 100,000 shares and $2,500,000, for CANE, SOYB, and WEAT.  On September 19, 2011, CANE, SOYB, and WEAT started
trading on the NYSE Arca. On June 30, 2014, subsequent registration statements for CANE, SOYB and WEAT were declared effective
by the SEC.  On July 15, 2016, a subsequent registration statement for WEAT was declared effective.  This registration
statement for WEAT registered an additional 24,050,000 shares. 

On February 10, 2012, the Form S-1 for TAGS
was declared effective by the SEC. On March 27, 2012, six Creation Baskets for TAGS were issued representing 300,000 shares and
$15,000,000. TAGS began trading on the NYSE Arca on March 28, 2012. On April 30, 2015, a subsequent registration statement
for TAGS was declared effective by the SEC. 

 The Funds are designed and managed so
that the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  Net Asset Value ( NAV ) reflect the daily changes in
percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing settlement prices for specific futures contracts on designated commodities
(each, a  Designated Commodity ) or the closing Net Asset Value per share of the Underlying Funds (as defined below)
in the case of TAGS. Each Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a portfolio of exchange-traded futures contracts
(each, a  Futures Contract ) that expire in a specific month and trade on a specific exchange in the Specified Commodity
comprising the Benchmark, as defined below or shares of the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS. Each Fund also holds United States
Treasury Obligations and/or other high credit quality short-term fixed income securities for deposit with the commodity broker
of the Funds as margin. 

   The Investment Objective of the Funds   

 The investment objective of CORN is
to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted
average of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for corn ( Corn Futures Contracts ) that are traded
on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ), specifically (1) the second-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract, weighted
35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Corn Futures Contract expiring in the December
following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

98   

The investment objective of SOYB is
to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted
average of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for soybeans ( Soybean Futures Contracts ) that
are traded on the CBOT. The three Soybean Futures Contracts will generally be: (1) second-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract,
weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Soybean Futures Contract expiring
in the November following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

 The investment objective of CANE is
to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted
average of the closing settlement prices for three futures contracts for sugar ( Sugar Futures Contracts ) that are
traded on ICE Futures US ( ICE Futures ), specifically: (1) the second-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract (a  Sugar
No. 11 Futures Contract ), weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the
Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract expiring in the March following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

The investment objective of WEAT is to have the daily changes in
percentage terms of the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing settlement
prices for three futures contracts for wheat ( Wheat Futures Contracts ) that are traded on the CBOT, specifically:
(1) the second-to-expire CBOT Wheat Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Wheat Futures Contract, weighted
30%, and (3) the CBOT Wheat Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract,
weighted 35%. 

The investment objective of the TAGS
is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the NAV of its Shares reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted
average (the  Underlying Fund Average ) of the NAVs per share of four other commodity pools that are series of the
Trust and are sponsored by the Sponsor: the Teucrium Corn Fund, the Teucrium Wheat Fund, the Teucrium Soybean Fund and the Teucrium
Sugar Fund (collectively, the  Underlying Funds ). The Underlying Fund Average will have a weighting of 25% to each
Underlying Fund, and the Fund s assets will be rebalanced, generally on a daily basis, to maintain the approximate 25% allocation
to each Underlying Fund. 

 This weighted average of the referenced
specific Futures Contracts for each Fund is referred to herein as the  Benchmark,  and the specific Futures Contracts
that at any given time make up the Benchmark for that Fund and are referred to herein as the  Benchmark Component Futures
Contracts.  

 The notional amount of each Benchmark
Component Futures Contract included in each Benchmark is intended to reflect the changes in market value of each such Benchmark
Component Futures Contract within the Benchmark. The closing level of each Benchmark is calculated on each business day by the
Bank of New York Mellon (the  Administrator ) based on the closing price of the futures contracts for each of the underlying
Benchmark Component Futures Contracts and the notional amounts of such Benchmark Component Futures Contracts. 

 Each Benchmark is rebalanced periodically
to ensure that each of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts is weighted in the same proportion as in the investment objective
for each Fund. The following tables reflect the September 30, 2016, Benchmark Component Futures Contracts weights for each of the
Funds, the contract held is identified by the generally accepted nomenclature of contract month and year, which may differ from
the month in which the contract expires: 

99   

The price relationship between the near month
Futures Contract to expire and the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts will vary and may impact both the total return of each
Fund over time and the degree to which such total return tracks the total return of the price indices related to the commodity
of each Fund. In cases in which the near month contract s price is lower than later-expiring contracts  prices (a situation
known as  contango  in the futures markets), then absent the impact of the overall movement in commodity prices the
value of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts would tend to decline as they approach expiration. In cases in which the near
month contract s price is higher than later-expiring contracts  prices (a situation known as  backwardation 
in the futures markets), then absent the impact of the overall movement in a Fund s prices the value of the Benchmark Component
Futures Contracts would tend to rise as they approach expiration, all other things being equal. 

 The total portfolio composition for
each Fund is disclosed each business day that the NYSE Arca is open for trading on the Fund s website. The website for CORN
is  www.teucriumcornfund.com ; for CANE is  www.teucriumcanefund.com ; for SOYB is  www.teucriumsoybfund.com ; for
WEAT is  www.teucriumweatfund.com ; for TAGS is  www.teucriumtagsfund.com . These sites are accessible at no charge.
The website disclosure of portfolio holdings is made daily and includes, as applicable, the name and value of each Futures Contract,
Other Commodity Interest and the amount of cash and cash equivalents held in the Fund s portfolio.  The specific types
of Other Commodity Interests (in addition to futures contracts, options on futures contracts and derivative contracts) that are
tied to various commodities are entered into outside of public exchanges. These  over-the-counter  contracts are entered
into between two parties in private contracts, or on a recently formed swap execution facility ( SEF ) for standardized
swaps. For example, unlike Futures Contracts, which are guaranteed by a clearing organization, each party to an over-the-counter
derivative contract bears the credit risk of the other party (unless such over-the-counter swap is cleared through a derivatives
clearing organization ( DCO )), i.e., the risk that the other party will not be able to perform its obligations under
its contract, and characteristics of such Other Commodity Interests. 

Consistent with achieving a Fund s investment
objective of closely tracking the Benchmark, the Sponsor may for certain reasons cause the Fund to enter into or hold Futures Contracts
other than the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts and/or Other Commodity Interests. Other Commodity Interests that do not have
standardized terms and are not exchange-traded, referred to as  over-the-counter  Corn Interests, can generally be
structured as the parties to the Corn Interest contract desire. Therefore, each Fund might enter into multiple and/or over-the-counter
Interests intended to replicate the performance of each of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts for the Fund, or a single
over-the-counter Interest designed to replicate the performance of the Benchmark as a whole. Assuming that there is no default
by a counterparty to an over-the-counter Interest, the performance of the Interest will necessarily correlate with the performance
of the Benchmark or the applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contract. Each Fund might also enter into or hold Interests other
than Benchmark Component Futures Contracts to facilitate effective trading, consistent with the discussion of the Fund s
 roll  strategy. In addition, each Fund might enter into or hold Interests that would be expected to alleviate overall
deviation between the Fund s performance and that of the Benchmark that may result from certain market and trading inefficiencies
or other reasons. By utilizing certain or all of the investments described above, the Sponsor will endeavor to cause the Fund s
performance to closely track that of the Benchmark of the Fund. 

An  exchange for related position 
( EFRP ) can be used by the Fund as a technique to facilitate the exchanging of a futures hedge position against a
creation or redemption order, and thus the Fund may use an EFRP transaction in connection with the creation and redemption of shares.
The market specialist/market maker that is the ultimate purchaser or seller of shares in connection with the creation or redemption
basket, respectively, agrees to sell or purchase a corresponding offsetting futures position which is then settled on the same
business day as a cleared futures transaction by the FCMs.  The Fund will become subject to the credit risk of the market
specialist/market maker until the EFRP 

100   

is settled or terminated.  The
Fund reports all activity related to EFRP transactions under the procedures and guidelines of the CFTC and the exchanges on which
the futures are traded. 

 The Funds earn interest income from
the Treasury securities and/or cash equivalents that it purchases and on the cash it holds through the Custodian or other financial
institution. The Sponsor anticipates that the earned interest income will increase the NAV of each Fund. The Funds apply the earned
interest income to the acquisition of additional investments or uses it to pay its expenses. If the Fund reinvests the earned interest
income, it makes investments that are consistent with its investment objectives. Any Treasury security and cash equivalent invested
by a Fund will have original maturity dates of three months or less at inception. Any cash equivalents invested by a Fund will
be rated in the highest short-term rating category by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or will be deemed
by the Sponsor to be of comparable quality.  As of September 30, 2016, available cash balances in each of the Funds were invested
in either the Fidelity Government Money Market Portfolio or in demand deposits at Rabobank, N.A. 

In managing the assets of the Funds, the Sponsor
does not use a technical trading system that automatically issues buy and sell orders. Instead, the Sponsor will purchase or sell
the specific underlying Commodity Interests with an aggregate market value that approximates the amount of cash received or paid
upon the purchase or redemption of Shares. 

The Sponsor does not anticipate letting the
commodity Futures Contracts of any Fund expire, thus taking delivery of the underlying commodity. Instead, the Sponsor will close
out existing positions, for instance, in response to ongoing changes in the Benchmark or if it otherwise determines it would be
appropriate to do so and reinvest the proceeds in new Commodity Interests. Positions may also be closed out to meet redemption
orders, in which case the proceeds from closing the positions will not be reinvested. 

 The Sponsor employs a  neutral 
investment strategy intended to track the changes in the Benchmark of each Fund regardless of whether the Benchmark goes up or
goes down. The Fund s  neutral  investment strategy is designed to permit investors generally to purchase and
sell the Fund s Shares for the purpose of investing indirectly in the commodity-specific market in a cost-effective manner.
Such investors may include participants in the specific industry and other industries seeking to hedge the risk of losses in their
commodity-specific-related transactions, as well as investors seeking exposure to that commodity market. Accordingly, depending
on the investment objective of an individual investor, the risks generally associated with investing in the commodity-specific
market and/or the risks involved in hedging may exist. In addition, an investment in a Fund involves the risks that the changes
in the price of the Fund s Shares will not accurately track the changes in the Benchmark, and that changes in the Benchmark
will not closely correlate with changes in the price of the commodity on the spot market. The Sponsor does not intend to operate
each Fund in a fashion such that its per share NAV equals, in dollar terms, the spot price of the commodity or the price of any
particular commodity-specific Futures Contract. 

   The Sponsor   

 Teucrium Trading, LLC is the sponsor
of the Trust and each of the series of the Trust. The Sponsor is a Delaware limited liability company, formed on July 28, 2009.
The principal office is located at 232 Hidden Lake Road, Brattleboro, Vermont 05301. The Sponsor is registered as a commodity pool
operator ( CPO ) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and became a member of the National
Futures Association ( NFA ) on November 10, 2009. The Trust and the Funds operate pursuant to the Trust Agreement. 

 Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor
is solely responsible for the management, and conducts or directs the conduct of the business of the Trust, the Funds, and any
other Fund that may from time to time be established and designated by the Sponsor. The Sponsor is required to oversee the purchase
and sale of Shares by firms designated as  Authorized Purchasers  and to manage the Funds  investments, including
to evaluate the credit risk of futures commission merchants and swap counterparties and to review daily positions and margin/collateral
requirements. The Sponsor has the power to enter into agreements as may be necessary or appropriate for the offer and sale of the
Funds  Shares and the conduct of the Trust s activities. Accordingly, the Sponsor is responsible for selecting the
Trustee, Administrator, Distributor, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Trust, and any legal counsel employed
by the Trust. The Sponsor is also responsible for preparing and filing periodic reports on behalf of the Trust with the SEC and
providing any required certification for such reports. No person other than the Sponsor and its principals was involved in the
organization of the Trust or the Funds. 

 Teucrium Trading, LLC designs the Funds
to offer liquidity, transparency, and capacity in single-commodity investing for a variety of investors, including institutions
and individuals, in an exchange-traded product format. The Funds have also been designed to mitigate the impacts of contango and
backwardation, situations that can occur in the course of commodity trading which can affect the potential returns to investors.
Backwardation is defined as a market condition in which a futures price of a commodity is lower in the distant delivery months
than in the near delivery months, while contango, the opposite of backwardation, is defined as a condition in which distant delivery
prices for futures exceed spot prices, often due to the costs of storing and insuring the underlying commodity. 

 The Sponsor has a patent on certain
business methods and procedures used with respect to the Funds. 

   Performance Summary   

 This report covers the periods from
January 1 to September 30, 2016 for each Fund. Total expenses are presented both gross and net of any expenses waived or paid by
the Sponsor that would have been incurred by the Funds ( expenses waived by the Sponsor ). 

101   

CORN Per Share Operation Performance   

Net asset value at beginning of period  
      $  
      21.24  

Loss from investment operations:  

Investment income  
       
      0.08  

Net realized and unrealized loss on commodity futures contracts  
       
      (1.95  
      )   
 
      Total expenses  
       
      (0.66  
      )   
 
      Net decrease in net asset value  
       
      (2.53  
      )   
 
      Net asset value end of period  
      $  
      18.71  

Total Return   
       
      (11.91  
      )%   
 
       Ratios to Average Net Assets (Annualized)   

Total expenses  
       
      4.61  
      %   
 
      Total expenses, net  
       
      4.35  
      %   
 
      Net investment loss  
       
      (3.81  
      )%   

SOYB Per Share Operation Performance   

Net asset value at beginning of period  
      $  
      17.34  

Gain from investment operations:  

Investment income  
       
      0.07  

Net realized and unrealized gain on commodity futures contracts  
       
      1.69  

Total expenses  
       
      (0.57  
      )   
 
      Net increase in net asset value  
       
      1.19  

Net asset value at end of period  
      $  
      18.53  

Total Return   
       
      6.86  
      %   
 
       Ratios to Average Net Assets (Annualized)   

Total expenses  
       
      4.79  
      %   
 
      Total expenses, net  
       
      4.03  
      %   
 
      Net investment loss  
       
      (3.50  
      )%   

CANE Per Share Operation Performance   

Net asset value at beginning of period  
      $  
      10.02  

Gain from investment operations:  

Investment income  
       
      0.04  

Net realized and unrealized gain on commodity futures contracts  
       
      4.79  

Total expenses  
       
      (0.20  
      )   
 
      Net increase in net asset value  
       
      4.63  

Net asset value at end of period  
      $  
      14.65  

Total Return   
       
      46.21  
      %   
 
       Ratios to Average Net Assets (Annualized)   

Total expenses  
       
      5.01  
      %   
 
      Total expenses, net  
       
      2.30  
      %   
 
      Net investment loss  
       
      (1.78  
      )%   

WEAT Per Share Operation Performance   

Net asset value at beginning of period  
      $  
      9.15  

Loss from investment operations:  

Investment income  
       
      0.03  

Net realized and unrealized loss on commodity futures contracts  
       
      (1.73  
      )   
 
      Total expenses  
       
      (0.26  
      )   
 
      Net decrease in net asset value  
       
      (1.96  
      )   
 
      Net asset value at end of period  
      $  
      7.19  

Total Return   
       
      (21.42  
      )%   
 
       Ratios to Average Net Assets (Annualized)   

Total expenses  
       
      4.48  
      %   
     
      Total expenses, net  
       
      4.29  
      %   

Net investment loss  
       
      (3.75  
      )%   

102   

TAGS Per Share Operation Performance   

Net asset value at beginning of period  
      $  
      26.59  

Gain from investment operations:  

Net realized and unrealized gain on investment transactions  
       
      0.71  

Total expenses  
       
      (0.10  
      )   
 
      Net increase in net asset value  
       
      0.61  

Net asset value at end of period  
      $  
      27.20  

Total Return   
       
      2.29  
      %   
 
       Ratios to Average Net Assets (Annualized)   

Total expenses  
       
      3.93  
      %   
 
      Total expenses, net  
       
      0.50  
      %   
 
      Net investment loss  
       
      (0.50  
      )%   
 
 The performance of each Fund for these
periods and the exchange-traded Shares are detailed below in  Results of Operations.  Past performance of a Fund is
not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Results of Operations   

 The following includes a section for
each Fund of the Trust.  

 The discussion below addresses the material
changes in the results of operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods
in 2015.  The following includes a section for each Fund of the Trust for the periods in which each Fund was in operation.
CORN, SOYB, WEAT, CANE and TAGS each operated for the entirety of all periods.  

Total expenses for the current and comparative
periods are presented both gross and net of any expenses waived or paid by the Sponsor that would have been incurred by the Funds
( expenses waived by the Sponsor ). For all expenses waived in 2015 and 2016, the Sponsor has determined that no reimbursement
will be sought in future periods.  Total expenses, net  is after the impact of any expenses waived by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor is responsible for investing
the assets of the Fund in accordance with the objectives and policies of the Fund. In addition, the Sponsor arranges for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custodial, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to the Fund,
including services directly attributable to the Fund such as accounting, financial reporting, regulatory compliance and trading
activities, which the Sponsor elected not to outsource. In addition, the Funds, except for TAGS which has no such fee, are contractually
obligated to pay a monthly management fee to the Sponsor, based on average daily net assets, at a rate equal to 1.00% per annum.  

 The Fund generally pays for all brokerage
fees, taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid
to the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), or any other regulatory agency in connection with
the offer and sale of subsequent Shares after its initial registration and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated
therewith. Each Fund also pays its portion of the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting
requirements. Certain aggregate expenses common to all Funds within the Trust are allocated by the Sponsor to the respective
funds based on activity drivers deemed most appropriate by the Sponsor for such expenses, including but not limited to relative
assets under management and creation and redeem order activity. These aggregate common expenses include, but are not limited to,
legal, auditing, accounting and financial reporting, tax-preparation, regulatory compliance, trading activities, and insurance
costs, as well as fees paid to the Distributor, which are included in the related line item in the statements of operations. A
portion of these aggregate common expenses are related to services provided by the Sponsor or related parties of principals of
the Sponsor; these are necessary services to the Funds, which are primarily the cost of performing accounting and financial reporting,
regulatory compliance, and trading activities that are directly attributable to the Funds and are, primarily, included as distribution
and marketing fees on the statements of operations.  These amounts, for the Trust and for each Fund, are detailed in the notes
to the financial statements included in Part I of this filing. 

 The Sponsor has the ability to elect
to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Funds or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor,
at its discretion. Expenses paid by the Sponsor and Management fees waived by the Sponsor are, if applicable, presented as waived
expenses in the statements of operations for each Fund. 

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds.  In addition, effective
on the Conversion Date, U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank, commenced
serving as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing certain SEC reports
on behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. For such services, U.S.
Bank, N.A. and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee, subject to a minimum annual fee. For the periods for the year 2016 presented
in this filing, any change 

103   

in custodian fees and expenses resulting
from the change in Administrator and Custodian, net of amounts waived by the Sponsor, are not considered by Management to be material. 

 Given this conversion, beginning with
the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and for the year-ended December 31, 2015, the combined statements of operations reflected an expense,
before and after fees waived by the Sponsor, for fees associated with Custodian, Fund Administration and Transfer Agent services
( Custodian Fees ) that have or will be paid to the Bank of New York Mellon by a Fund or by the Sponsor on behalf of
a Fund.  

Teucrium Corn Fund   

The Teucrium Corn Fund commenced investment
operations on June 9, 2010.  The investment objective of the Corn Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of
the Shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing settlement prices for
three futures contracts for corn ( Corn Futures Contracts ) that are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ),
specifically (1) the second-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Corn Futures Contract,
weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Corn Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month of the third-to-expire
contract, weighted 35%. 

On September 30, 2016, the Fund had
4,125,004 shares outstanding and net assets of $77,172,176.  This is in comparison to 2,975,004 shares outstanding and
net assets of $70,027,351 on September 30, 2015 and 3,250,004 shares outstanding with net assets of $66,112,262 on June 30,
2016.  Shares outstanding decreased by 1,150,000 and 39% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to
September 30, 2015 and increased by 875,000 and 27% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to June 30,
2016. This significant increase over the same period last year and last quarter was, in the opinion of management, due
to the decrease in the price of the underlying agricultural commodity and uncertainty concerning global weather patterns
which have generated renewed interest by investors. 

Total net assets for the Fund were $77,172,176
on September 30, 2016 compared to $70,027,351 on September 30, 2015 and $66,112,262 on June 30, 2016. The Net Asset Values ( NAV )
per share related to these balances were $18.71, $23.54 and $20.34 respectively. This represents an increase in total net assets
for the year over year of 10% which was driven by a combination of an increase in the number of shares outstanding offset partially
by a change in the NAV per share which decreased by $4.83 or 21%.  When comparing September 30, 2016 with June 30, 2016, there
was an increase in total net assets of 17%, driven by an increase in total shares outstanding of 27% and a decrease in the NAV
per share of $1.63 or 8%.  The closing prices per share for September 30, 2016 and 2015 and June 30, 2016, as reported by
the NYSE Arca, were $18.68, $23.56 and $20.50, respectively.  The change for September 30, 2016 over the same period last
year was a 21% decrease, and a 9% decrease from June 30, 2016. 

The graph below shows the actual shares outstanding,
total net assets (or AUM) and net asset value per share (NAV per share) for the Fund from inception to September 30, 2016 and serves
to illustrate the relative changes of these components. 

The total loss for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 was ($5,440,285) resulting primarily from the net change in realized loss on commodity futures contracts totaling
($6,486,500), which was partially offset by a net change in unrealized appreciation of commodity futures contracts of $937,100. The
total loss was ($7,309,990) in the same period of 2015. The total loss for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was ($7,417,081)
resulting primarily from the net change in realized loss on commodity futures contracts totaling ($8,878,588), and by a net change
in unrealized appreciation of commodity futures contracts of $1,188,163. Total loss was ($8,121,725) in the 

104   

same period of 2015.  Realized gain or
loss on trading of commodity futures contracts is a function of: 1) the change in the price of the particular contracts sold as
part of a  roll  in contracts as the nearest to expire contracts are exchanged for the appropriate contact given the
investment objective of the fund, 2) the change in the price of particular contracts sold in relation to redemption of shares,
3) the gain or loss associated with rebalancing trades which are made to ensure conformance to the benchmark and 4) the number
of contracts held and then sold for either circumstance aforementioned.  Unrealized gain or loss on trading of commodity futures
contracts is a function of the change in the price of contracts held on the final date of the period versus the purchase price
for each contract and the number of contracts held in each contract month.  The Sponsor has a static benchmark as described
above and trades futures contracts to adhere to that benchmark and to adjust for the creation or redemption of shares. 

Interest income and other income for three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $109,115 and $54,098.  For the nine-month period, these amounts
were $273,344 and $84,650.  This increase year-over-year was the result of the Sponsor investing a portion of the available
cash for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts.  This change was effective beginning in the second quarter
of 2015.  These accounts had higher overnight deposit rates than were available in money market products that had been utilized
solely in the past. In addition, effective in mid-December 2015, interest rates paid on cash balances of the Fund increased
again in light of the increases in the Federal Fund s rate. These higher levels of interest rates are expected to continue
in 2016, absent any decreases in the Federal Funds rate.  

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $878,103; expenses for the
same period in 2015 were $830,024. This represents a $48,079 or 6% increase for 2016 over 2015.  The increase was driven by
a $4,011 or 2% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets, a $76,450 or 50% increase
in professional fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees, a $4,250 increase in business permits and licenses, and
$16,775 increase in brokerage commissions as a result of a greater number of contracts held and increased order activity. These
were partially offset by a ($2,791) or 1% decrease in distribution and marketing expenses, a ($10,199) or 21% decrease in custodian
fees and expenses, a ($36,302) or 62% decrease in general and administrative expenses, and a ($4,115) or 25% decrease in other
expenses.  The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the three-month period for these years was
4.37% in 2016 and 4.21% in 2015. The management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net
assets. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $2,351,775; expenses for the
same period in 2015 were $2,370,357. This represents an ($18,582) or 1% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven
by a ($104,652) or 17% decrease in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of lower average net assets, a ($15,002)
or 56% decrease in business permits and licenses, a ($71,097) or 47% decrease in general and administrative expenses, and a ($3,830)
or 11% decrease in other expenses.  These decreases were partially offset by increases in professional fees related to auditing,
legal and tax preparation fees of $52,775 or 9%, in distribution and marketing expenses of $89,904 or 11%, in custodian fees and
expenses of $7,195 or 6%, and in brokerage commissions of $26,125 or 112%. The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor for the nine-month period for these years was 4.61% in 2016 and 3.86% in 2015. The management fee is calculated at
an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

 The Sponsor has the ability to elect
to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Fund or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at
its discretion. For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $134,161 and $16,584,
respectively. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $134,161 and $16,584, respectively. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $743,942 and
$813,440 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these three-month periods was 3.70% in
2016 and 4.13% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.16% in 2016 and 3.86%
in 2015. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2,217,614
and $2,353,773 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these nine-month periods was 4.35%
in 2016 and 3.83% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.81% in 2016 and
3.70% in 2015. 

Other than the management fee to the Sponsor
and the brokerage commissions, most of the expenses incurred by the Fund are associated with the day-to-day operation of the Fund
and the necessary functions related to regulatory compliance.  These are generally based on contracts, which extend for some
period of time and up to one year, or commitments regardless of the level of assets under management.  The structure of the
Fund and the nature of the expenses are such that as total net assets grow, there is a scalability of expenses that may allow the
total expense ratio to be reduced. However, if total net assets for the Fund fall, the total expense ratio of the Fund will increase
unless additional reductions are made by the Sponsor to the daily expense accrual. The Sponsor can elect to adjust the daily expense
accruals at its discretion based on market conditions and other Fund considerations. 

 The seasonality patterns for corn futures
prices are impacted by a variety of factors. These include, but are not limited to, the harvest in the fall, the planting conditions
in the spring, and the weather throughout the critical germination and growing periods. Prices for corn futures are affected by
the availability and demand for substitute agricultural commodities, including soybeans and wheat, and the demand for corn as an
additive for fuel, through the production of ethanol. The price of corn futures contracts is also influenced by global economic
conditions, 

105   

including the demand for exports to
other countries. Such factors will impact the performance of the Fund and the results of operations on an ongoing basis. The Sponsor
cannot predict the impact of such factors. 

Teucrium Soybean Fund   

The Teucrium Soybean Fund commenced investment
operations on September 19, 2011. The investment objective of the Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the
Shares  Net Asset Value ( NAV ) reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing
settlement prices for three futures contracts for soybeans ( Soybean Futures Contracts ) that are traded on the Chicago
Board of Trade ( CBOT ).  Except as described in the following paragraph, the three Soybean Futures Contracts
will be: (1) second-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Soybean Futures Contract,
weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Soybean Futures Contract expiring in the November following the expiration month of the third-to-expire
contract, weighted 35%. 

On September 30, 2016, the Fund had 725,004
shares outstanding and net assets of $13,436,212.  This is in comparison to 400,004 shares outstanding and net assets of $7,193,509
on September 30, 2015 and 600,004 shares outstanding with net assets of $12,819,447 on June 30, 2016.  Shares outstanding
increased by 325,000 and 81% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to September 30, 2015 and by 125,000 or 21%
when compared to June 30, 2016.  This increase over the same period last year and last quarter was, in the opinion of management,
due to the decrease in the price of the underlying agricultural commodity and uncertainty concerning global weather patterns which
have generated renewed interest by investors. 

Total net assets for the Fund were $13,436,212
on September 30, 2016 compared to $7,193,509 on September 30, 2015 and $12,819,447 on June 30, 2016. The Net Asset Values ( NAV )
per share related to these balances were $18.53, $17.98 and $21.37 respectively. This represents an increase in total net assets
for the year over year of 87% which was driven by a combination of an increase in the number of shares outstanding and a change
in the NAV per share which increased by $0.55 or 3%.  When comparing September 30, 2016 with June 30, 2016, there was an increase
in total net assets of 5%, driven by an increase in the number of shares outstanding of 21% and a decrease in the NAV per share
of ($2.84) or 13%.  The closing prices per share for September 30, 2016 and 2015 and June 30, 2016, as reported by the NYSE
Arca, were $18.48, $18.00 and $21.34, respectively.  The change from September 30, 2016 over the same period last year was
a 3% increase, and a 13% decrease from June 30, 2016. 

The graph below shows the actual shares outstanding,
total net assets (or AUM) and net asset value per share (NAV per share) for the Fund from inception to September 30, 2016 and serves
to illustrate the relative changes of these components. 

The total loss for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 was ($1,566,866) resulting from the net change in realized gain on commodity futures contracts totaling $28,163,
which was more than offset by a net change in unrealized depreciation of commodity futures contracts of ($1,612,025). The total
income was ($974,019) in the same period of 2015. Total income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $1,013,253
resulting primarily from the net change in realized gain on commodity futures contracts totaling $990,062, which was partially
offset by a net change in unrealized depreciation of commodity futures contracts of ($21,100). Total loss was ($1,112,342) in the
same period of 2015.  Realized gain or loss on trading of commodity futures contracts is a function of: 1) the change in the
price of the particular contracts sold as part of a  roll  in contracts as the nearest to expire contracts are exchanged
for the appropriate contact given the investment objective of the fund, 2) the change in the price of particular contracts sold
in relation to redemption of shares, 3) the gain or loss associated with rebalancing trades which are made to ensure conformance
to the benchmark and 4) the number of contracts held and then sold for either circumstance aforementioned.  Unrealized gain
or loss on trading of commodity futures contracts is a function of the change in the price of contracts held on the final date
of the period versus the purchase price for each contract and the number of contracts held in each 

106   

contract month.  The Sponsor has a static
benchmark as described above and trades futures contracts to adhere to that benchmark and to adjust for the creation or redemption
of shares. 

Interest income and other income for the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $16,996 and $4,769.  For the nine-month period,
these amounts were $44,291 and $6,609.  This increase year-over-year was the result of the Sponsor investing a portion
of the available cash for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts.  This change was effective beginning
in the second quarter of 2015.  These accounts had higher overnight deposit rates than were available in money market
products that had been utilized solely in the past. In addition, effective in mid-December 2015, interest rates paid on
cash balances of the Fund increased again in light of the increases in the Federal Funds rate. These higher levels of
interest rates are expected to continue in 2016, absent any decreases in the Federal Funds rate.  

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $189,647; expenses for the
same period in 2015 were $199,526. This represents a ($9,879) or 5% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven
by a $(62,691) or 90% decrease in custodian fees and expenses, and a ($1,683) or 100% decrease in brokerage commissions. These were
partially offset by a $12,697 or 68% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets,
a $9,040 or 13% increase in professional fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees, a $29,079 or 95% increase in
distribution and marketing fees, a $983 or 28% increase in business permits and licenses, a $370 or 5% increase in general and
administrative expenses, and a $2,326 increase in other expenses.  The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the
Sponsor for the three-month period for these years was 6.04% in 2016 and 10.67% in 2015. The management fee is calculated at an
annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $398,841; expenses for the same
period in 2015 were $404,965. This represents a ($6,124) or 2% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven by a
$114,751 or 86% decrease in custodian fees and expenses, a ($3,725) or 4% decrease in professional fees related to auditing, legal
and tax preparation fees, and a ($2,938) or 66% decrease in brokerage commissions. These were partially offset by a $27,613 or
50% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets, a $76,549 or 98% increase in distribution
and marketing fees, a $56 increase in business permits and licenses, a $5,795 or 36% increase in general and administrative expenses,
and a $5,277 or 210% increase in other expenses.  The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the
nine-month period for these years was 4.79% in 2016 and 7.31% in 2015. The management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1%
of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

The Sponsor has the ability to elect to pay
certain expenses on behalf of the Fund or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at its discretion.
For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $63,113 and $129,551, respectively. For
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $63,113 and $243,723, respectively. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $126,534 and
$69,975 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these three-month periods was 4.03% in
2016 and 3.74% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.49% in both 2016
and 2015. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $335,728 and
$161,242 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these nine-month periods was 4.03% in
2016 and 2.91% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.50% in 2016 and 2.78%
in 2015. 

Other than the management fee to the Sponsor
and the brokerage commissions, most of the expenses incurred by the Fund are associated with the day-to-day operation of the Fund
and the necessary functions related to regulatory compliance.  These are generally based on contracts, which extend for some
period of time and up to one year, or commitments regardless of the level of assets under management.  The structure of the
Fund and the nature of the expenses are such that as total net assets grow, there is a scalability of expenses that may allow the
total expense ratio to be reduced. However, if total net assets for the Fund fall, the total expense ratio of the Fund will increase
unless additional reductions are made by the Sponsor to the daily expense accrual. The Sponsor can elect to adjust the daily expense
accruals at its discretion based on market conditions and other Fund considerations. 

 The seasonality patterns for soybean
futures prices are impacted by a variety of factors. These include, but are not limited to, the harvest in the fall, the planting
conditions in the spring, and the weather throughout the critical germination and growing periods. Prices for soybean futures are
affected by the availability and demand for substitute agricultural commodities, including corn and wheat. The price of soybean
futures contracts is also influenced by global economic conditions, including the demand for exports to other countries. Such factors
will impact the performance of the Fund and the results of operations on an ongoing basis. The Sponsor cannot predict the impact
of such factors. 

Teucrium Sugar Fund   

The Teucrium Sugar Fund commenced investment
operations on September 19, 2011. The investment objective of the Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the
Shares  Net Asset Value ( NAV ) reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing
settlement prices for three futures contracts for sugar ( Sugar Futures Contracts ) that are traded on ICE Futures
US ( ICE Futures ), specifically: (1) the second-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract (a  Sugar No. 11 Futures
Contract ), weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the Sugar No. 11 Futures
Contract expiring in the March following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

107   

On September 30, 2016, the Fund had 500,004
shares outstanding and net assets of $7,327,149.  This is in comparison to 425,004 shares outstanding and net assets of $3,717,870
on September 30, 2015 and 550,004 shares outstanding with net assets of $7,105,785 on June 30, 2016.  Shares outstanding increased
by 75,000 and 18% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to September 30, 2015 and decreased by 50,000 and 9% for
the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to June 30, 2016. This year over year increase was, in the opinion of Management,
due to the concerns regarding sugar harvests in Asia and Brazil due primarily to current global weather patterns.  

Total net assets for the Fund were $7,327,149
on September 30, 2016 compared to $3,717,870 on September 30, 2015 and $7,105,785 on June 30, 2016. The Net Asset Values ( NAV )
per share related to these balances were $14.65, $8.75 and $12.92 respectively. This represents an increase in total net assets
for the year over year of 97% which was driven by a combination of an increase in the number of shares outstanding and a change
in the NAV per share which increased by $5.90 or 67%.  When comparing September 30, 2016 with June 30, 2016, there was an
increase in total net assets of 3%, driven by a decrease in total shares outstanding of 9% and an increase in the NAV per share
of $1.73 or 13%.  The closing prices per share for September, 2016 and 2015 and June 30, 2016, as reported by the NYSE Arca,
were $14.48, $8.75 and $12.96, respectively.  The change from September 30, 2016 over the same period last year was a 65%
increase, and a 12% increase from June 30, 2016. 

The graph below shows the actual shares outstanding,
total net assets (or AUM) and net asset value per share (NAV per share) for the Fund from inception to September 30, 2016 and serves
to illustrate the relative changes of these components. 

Total income for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 was $939,912, which was the result of a net change in realized gain on commodity futures contracts totaling
$948,483, which was partially offset by a net change in unrealized depreciation of commodity futures contracts of ($18,088). The
total loss was ($328,266) in the same period of 2015. Total income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $2,285,842
resulting primarily from the net change in realized gain on commodity futures contracts totaling $1,957,357, and by a net change
in unrealized appreciation of commodity futures contracts of $305,435. Total loss was ($970,165) in the same period of 2015. 
Realized gain or loss on trading of commodity futures contracts is a function of: 1) the change in the price of the particular
contracts sold as part of a  roll  in contracts as the nearest to expire contracts are exchanged for the appropriate
contact given the investment objective of the fund, 2) the change in the price of particular contracts sold in relation to redemption
of shares, 3) the gain or loss associated with rebalancing trades which are made to ensure conformance to the benchmark and 4)
the number of contracts held and then sold for either circumstance aforementioned.  Unrealized gain or loss on trading of
commodity futures contracts is a function of the change in the price of contracts held on the final date of the period versus the
purchase price for each contract and the number of contracts held in each contract month.  The Sponsor has a static benchmark
as described above and trades futures contracts to adhere to that benchmark and to adjust for the creation or redemption of shares. 

Interest income and other income for three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $9,517 and $2,358.  For the nine-month period, these amounts were
$23,050 and $3,507.  This increase year-over-year was the result of the Sponsor investing a portion of the available cash
for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts.  This change was effective beginning in the second quarter of
2015.  These accounts had higher overnight deposit rates than were available in money market products that had been utilized
solely in the past. In addition, effective in mid-December 2015, interest rates paid on cash balances of the Fund increased
again in light of the increases in the Federal Fund s rate. These higher levels of interest rates are expected to continue
in 2016, absent any decreases in the Federal Funds rate.  

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $88,916; expenses for the same
period in 2015 were $128,825. This represents a ($39,909) or 31% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven by
a ($3,044) or 12% decrease in professional fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees, a ($64,408) or 92% decrease
in 

108   

custodian fees and expenses, and a ($521) or
8% decrease in business licenses and permits. These were partially offset by an $8,653 or 93% increase in the management fee paid
to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets, a $14,397 or 100% increase in distribution and marketing fees, a $1,647
or 55% increase in general and administrative expenses, a $2,826 increase in brokerage commissions due to a higher number of contracts
held, and a $541 or 8-% increase in other expenses.  The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the
three-month period was 4.94% in 2016 and 13.56% in 2015. The management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s
daily average net assets. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $224,270; expenses for the same
period in 2015 were $244,282. This represents a ($20,012) or 8% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven by an
($11,887) or 23% decrease in professional fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees and a ($121,057) or 90% decrease
in custodian fees and expenses. These were partially offset by a $20,517 or 85% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor
as a result of higher average net assets, a $69,242 or 306% increase in distribution and marketing fees, a $5,158 or 68% increase
in business permits and licenses, an $8,324 or 246% increase in general and administrative expenses, a $6,498 increase in brokerage
commissions due to a higher number of contracts held, and a $3,193 or 224% increase in other expenses. The total expense ratio
gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the nine-month period for these years was 5.01% in 2016 and 10.03% in 2015. The management
fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

The Sponsor has the ability to elect to pay certain expenses on
behalf of the Fund or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at its discretion. For the three-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $48,043 and $109,353, respectively. For the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $121,429 and $197,178, respectively. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $40,873 and
$19,472 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these three-month periods was 2.27% in
2016 and 2.05% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 1.74% in 2016 and 1.80%
in 2015. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $102,841 and
$47,104 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these nine-month periods was 2.30% in 2016
and 1.93% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 1.78% in 2016 and 1.79%
in 2015. 

Other than the management fee to the Sponsor
and the brokerage commissions, most of the expenses incurred by the Fund are associated with the day-to-day operation of the Fund
and the necessary functions related to regulatory compliance.  These are generally based on contracts, which extend for some
period of time and up to one year, or commitments regardless of the level of assets under management.  The structure of the
Fund and the nature of the expenses are such that as total net assets grow, there is a scalability of expenses that may allow the
total expense ratio to be reduced. However, if total net assets for the Fund fall, the total expense ratio of the Fund will increase
unless additional reductions are made by the Sponsor to the daily expense accrual. The Sponsor can elect to adjust the daily expense
accruals at its discretion based on market conditions and other Fund considerations. 

Teucrium Wheat Fund   

The Teucrium Wheat Fund commenced investment
operations on September 19, 2011. The investment objective of the Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the
Shares  Net Asset Value reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average of the closing settlement prices
for three futures contracts for wheat ( Wheat Futures Contracts ) that are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ),
specifically: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT Wheat Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT Wheat Futures Contract,
weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT Wheat Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month of the third-to-expire
contract, weighted 35%. 

On September 30, 2016, the Fund had 7,600,004
shares outstanding and net assets of $54,638,344.  This is in comparison to 2,825,004 shares outstanding and net assets of
$28,485,479 on September 30, 2015 and 4,475,004 shares outstanding with net assets of $36,767,612 on June 30, 2016.  Shares
outstanding increased by 4,775,000 and 169% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to September 30, 2015 and increased
by 3,125,000 and 70% for the period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to June 30, 2016.  This increase was, in the opinion
of management, driven principally by the historically relatively low price of wheat, which generated renewed investor interest.  

Total net assets for the Fund were $54,638,344
on September 30, 2016 compared to $28,485,479 on September 30, 2015 and $36,767,612 on June 30, 2016. The Net Asset Values ( NAV )
per share related to these balances were $7.19, $10.08 and $8.22 respectively. This represents an increase in total net assets
for the year over year of 92% which was driven by a combination of an increase in the number of shares outstanding and a change
in the NAV per share which decreased by $2.89 or 29%.  When comparing September 30, 2016 with June 30, 2016, there was an
increase in total net assets of 49%, driven by an increase in total shares outstanding of 70% and a decrease in the NAV per share
of $1.03 or 13%.  The closing prices per share for September 30, 2016 and 2015 and June 30, 2016, as reported by the NYSE
Arca, were $7.19, $10.08 and $8.25, respectively.  The change from September 30, 2016 over the same period last year was a
29% decrease, and a 13% decrease from June 30, 2016. 

109   

The graph below shows the actual shares outstanding,
total net assets (or AUM) and net asset value per share (NAV per share) for the Fund from inception to September 30, 2016 and serves
to illustrate the relative changes of these components. 

The total loss for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 was ($6,298,223) resulting primarily from the net change in realized loss on commodity futures contracts totaling
($5,677,475), and by a net change in unrealized depreciation of commodity futures contracts of ($692,500). The total loss was ($5,771,360)
in the same period of 2015. The total loss for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was ($9,206,611) resulting primarily
from the net change in realized loss on commodity futures contracts totaling ($7,244,175), and by a net change in unrealized depreciation
of commodity futures contracts of ($2,107,750). The total loss was ($4,783,512) in the same period of 2015.  Realized gain
or loss on trading of commodity futures contracts is a function of: 1) the change in the price of the particular contracts sold
as part of a  roll  in contracts as the nearest to expire contracts are exchanged for the appropriate contact given
the investment objective of the fund, 2) the change in the price of particular contracts sold in relation to redemption of shares,
3) the gain or loss associated with rebalancing trades which are made to ensure conformance to the benchmark and 4) the number
of contracts held and then sold for either circumstance aforementioned.  Unrealized gain or loss on trading of commodity futures
contracts is a function of the change in the price of contracts held on the final date of the period versus the purchase price
for each contract and the number of contracts held in each contract month.  The Sponsor has a static benchmark as described
above and trades futures contracts to adhere to that benchmark and to adjust for the creation or redemption of shares. 

Interest income and other income for three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $71,752 and $19,453.  For the nine-month period, these amounts
were $142,314 and $28,201.  This increase year-over-year was the result of the Sponsor investing a portion of the available
cash for the Fund in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts.  This change was effective beginning in the second quarter
of 2015.  These accounts had higher overnight deposit rates than were available in money market products that had been utilized
solely in the past. In addition, effective in mid-December 2015, interest rates paid on cash balances of the Fund increased
again in light of the increases in the Federal Fund s rate. These higher levels of interest rates are expected to continue
in 2016, absent any decreases in the Federal Funds rate.  

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $608,506; expenses for the
same period in 2015 were $307,481. This represents a $301,025 or 98% increase for 2016 over 2015. This increase was driven
principally by a higher level of average net assets relative to the other Funds. More specifically,  there was a $56,935 or
78% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets, a $63,404 or 149% increase in
professional fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees, a $154,126 or 128% increase in distribution and marketing
expenses, a $13,996 increase in business permits and licenses, a $5,805 or 29% increase in general and administrative expenses,
a $7,533 or 205% increase in brokerage commissions due to a higher number of contracts held, and a $10,878 increase in other expenses. 
These increases were offset by decreases in custodian fees and expenses of ($11,652) or 25%. The total expense ratio gross of expenses
waived by the Sponsor for the three-month period for these years was 4.67% in 2016 and 4.19% in 2015. The management fee is calculated
at an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $1,183,659; expenses for the
same period in 2015 were $747,980. This represents a $435,679 or 58% increase for 2016 over 2015.  This increase was driven
principally by a higher level of average net assets relative to the other Funds. More specifically,  there was a $79,402 or
43% increase in the management fee paid to the Sponsor as a result of higher average net assets, a $45,584 or 30% increase in professional
fees related to auditing, legal and tax preparation fees, a $291,570 or 127% increase in distribution and marketing expenses, an
$8,237 or 60% increase in business permits and licenses, a $12,510 or 27% increase in general and administrative expenses, a $15,530
or 171% increase in brokerage commissions due to a higher number of contracts held, and an $18,045 or 266% increase in other expenses. 
These increases were offset by decreases in custodian fees and expenses of ($35,199) or 34%. The total expense ratio gross of expenses
waived by the Sponsor for the nine-month period for these years was 4.48% in 2016 and 4.03% in 2015. The management fee is calculated
at an annual rate of 1% of the Fund s daily average net assets. 

110   

The Sponsor has the ability to elect
to pay certain expenses on behalf of the Fund or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at
its discretion. For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $49,516 and $10,874,
respectively. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $49,516 and $42,174, respectively. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $558,990 and
$296,607 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these three-month periods was 4.29% in
2016 and 4.05% in 2015. Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.74% in 2016 and 3.78%
in 2015. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1,134,143
and $705,806 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these nine-month periods was 4.29%
in 2016 and 3.81% in 2015.  Net investment loss, which includes the impact of expenses and interest income, was 3.75% in 2016
and 3.65% in 2015. 

 Other than the management fee to the
Sponsor and the brokerage commissions, most of the expenses incurred by the Fund are associated with the day-to-day operation of
the Fund and the necessary functions related to regulatory compliance.  These are generally based on contracts, which extend
for some period of time and up to one year, or commitments regardless of the level of assets under management.  The structure
of the Fund and the nature of the expenses are such that as total net assets grow, there is a scalability of expenses that may
allow the total expense ratio to be reduced. However, if total net assets for the Fund fall, the total expense ratio of the Fund
will increase unless additional reductions are made by the Sponsor to the daily expense accrual. The Sponsor can elect to adjust
the daily expense accruals at its discretion based on market conditions and other Fund considerations. 

 The seasonality patterns for wheat futures
prices are impacted by a variety of factors. These include, but are not limited to, the harvest in the fall, the planting conditions
in the spring, and the weather throughout the critical germination and growing periods. Prices for wheat futures are affected by
the availability and demand for substitute agricultural commodities, including corn and soybeans. The price of wheat futures contracts
is also influenced by global economic conditions, including the demand for exports to other countries. Such factors will impact
the performance of the Fund and the results of operations on an ongoing basis. The Sponsor cannot predict the impact of such factors. 

Teucrium Agricultural Fund   

The Teucrium Agricultural Fund commenced operation
on March 28, 2012. On April 22, 2011, an initial registration statement was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).
On February 10, 2012, the Fund s initial registration of 5,000,000 shares on Form S-1 was declared effective by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On March 28, 2012, the Fund listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the
ticker symbol  TAGS.  On the business day prior to that, the Fund issued 300,000 shares in exchange for $15,000,000
at the Fund s initial NAV of $50 per share. The Fund also commenced investment operations on March 28, 2012 by purchasing
shares of the Underlying Funds. On December 31, 2011, the Fund had two shares outstanding, which were owned by the Sponsor. 

The investment objective of the Fund is to
have the daily changes in percentage terms of the Net Asset Value ( NAV ) of its common units ( Shares )
reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average (the  Underlying Fund Average ) of the NAVs per
share of four other commodity pools that are series of the Trust and are sponsored by the Sponsor: the Teucrium Corn Fund ( CORN ),
the Teucrium Wheat Fund ( WEAT ), the Teucrium Soybean Fund ( SOYB ) and the Teucrium Sugar Fund ( CANE )
(collectively, the  Underlying Funds ).  The Underlying Fund Average will have a weighting of 25% to each
Underlying Fund, and the Fund s assets will be rebalanced, generally on a daily basis, to maintain the approximate 25% allocation
to each Underlying Fund.  The Fund does not intend to invest directly in futures contracts ( Futures Contracts ),
although it reserves the right to do so in the future, including if an Underlying Fund ceases operations. 

The investment objective of each Underlying
Fund is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  NAV reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of
a weighted average of the closing settlement prices for certain Futures Contracts for the commodity specified in the Underlying
Fund s name.  (This weighted average is referred to herein as the Underlying Fund s  Benchmark, 
the Futures Contracts that at any given time make up an Underlying Fund s Benchmark are referred to herein as the Underlying
Fund s  Benchmark Component Futures Contracts,  and the commodity specified in the Underlying Fund s name
is referred to herein as its  Specified Commodity. )  Specifically, the Teucrium Corn Fund s Benchmark
is: (1) the second-to-expire Futures Contract for corn traded on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ), weighted 35%,
(2) the third-to-expire CBOT corn Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT corn Futures Contract expiring in the December
following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%.  The Teucrium Wheat Fund s Benchmark
is: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT wheat Futures Contract, weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT wheat Futures Contract, weighted
30%, and (3) the CBOT wheat Futures Contract expiring in the December following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract,
weighted 35%.  The Teucrium Soybean Fund s Benchmark is: (1) the second-to-expire CBOT soybean Futures Contract,
weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire CBOT soybean Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the CBOT soybean Futures Contract expiring
in the November following the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%, except that CBOT soybean Futures
Contracts expiring in August and September will not be part of the Teucrium Soybean Fund s Benchmark because of the less
liquid market for these Futures Contracts.  The Teucrium Sugar Fund s Benchmark is: (1) the second-to-expire Sugar
No. 11 Futures Contract traded on ICE Futures US ( ICE Futures ), weighted 35%, (2) the third-to-expire ICE Futures
Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract, weighted 30%, and (3) the ICE Futures Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract expiring in the March following
the expiration month of the third-to-expire contract, weighted 35%. 

111   

On September 30, 2016, the Fund had 50,002
shares outstanding and net assets of $1,360,006.  This is in comparison to 50,002 shares outstanding and net assets of $1,362,291
on September 30, 2015 and 50,002 shares outstanding with net assets of $1,440,156 on June 30, 2016.  Shares outstanding were
constant in all periods.  

Total net assets for the Fund were $1,360,006
on September 30, 2016 compared to $1,362,291 on September 30, 2015 and $1,440,156 on June 30, 2016. The Net Asset Values ( NAV )
per share related to these balances were $27.20, $27.24 and $28.80 respectively. This represents a decrease in total net assets
for the year over year of 0.2% which was driven by a change in the NAV per share which decreased by $0.04 or 0.01%.  When
comparing September 30, 2016 with June 30, 2016, there was a decrease in total net assets of 6%, driven by a decrease in the NAV
per share of $1.60 or 6%.  The closing prices per share for September 30, 2016 and 2015 and June 30, 2016, as reported by
the NYSE Arca, were $26.72, $26.21 and $28.55, respectively.  The change from September 30, 2016 over the same period last
year was a 2% increase, and a 6% decrease from June 30, 2016. 

The graph below shows the actual shares outstanding,
total net assets (or AUM) and net asset value per share (NAV per share) for the Fund from inception to September 30, 2016 and serves
to illustrate the relative changes of these components. 

The total loss for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 was ($78,441) resulting from the realized loss on the securities of the Underlying Funds totaling ($14,208)
and a loss generated by the unrealized appreciation on the securities of the Underlying Funds of ($64,236).  The total loss
for the same three-month period in 2015 was ($179,166). Total income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $35,720
resulting from the realized loss on the securities of the Underlying Funds totaling ($55,766) and a gain generated by the unrealized
appreciation on the securities of the Underlying Funds of $91,476.  The total loss for the same nine-month period in 2015
was ($285,000).  Realized gain or loss on the securities of the Underlying Funds is a function of: 1) the change in the price
of particular contracts sold in relation to redemption of shares, and 2) the gain or loss associated with rebalancing trades which
are made to ensure conformance to the benchmark.  Unrealized gain or loss on the securities of the Underlying Funds is a function
of the change in the price of shares held on the final date of the period versus the purchase price for each and the number held. 
The Sponsor has a static benchmark as described above and trades futures contracts to adhere to that benchmark and to adjust for
the creation or redemption of shares. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $11,603; expenses for the same
period in 2015 were $104,995. This represents a ($93,392) or 89% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven by
reductions in most expense categories, lower average net assets relative to the other funds and an ($89,176) or 99% decrease in
custodian fees and expenses. The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the three-month period for these
years was 3.39% in 2016 and 30.28% in 2015. 

Total expenses gross of expenses waived by
the Sponsor ( Total expenses ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were $40,167; expenses for the same
period in 2015 were $187,185. This represents a ($147,018) or 79% decrease for 2016 over 2015.  The decrease was driven by
reductions in most expense categories, by lower average net assets relative to the other funds and a ($130,839) or 98% decrease
in custodian fees and expenses. The total expense ratio gross of expenses waived by the Sponsor for the nine-month period for these
years was 3.93% in 2016 and 17.17% in 2015. 

The Sponsor has the ability to elect to pay
certain expenses on behalf of the Fund or waive the management fee. This election is subject to change by the Sponsor, at its discretion.
For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $9,893 

112   

and $103,257, respectively. For the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Sponsor waived fees of $35,063 and $181,727, respectively. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1,710 and
$1,738 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these three-month periods was 0.50% in 2016
and 0.50% in 2015. 

 Total expenses net of expenses waived
by the Sponsor ( Total expenses, net ) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $5,104 and
$5,458 respectively. The total expense ratio net of expenses waived by the Sponsor for these nine-month periods was 0.50% in 2016
and 0.50% in 2015. 

Most of the expenses incurred by the Fund are
associated with the day-to-day operation of the Fund and the necessary functions related to regulatory compliance.  These
are generally based on contracts, which extend for some period of time and up to one year, or commitments regardless of the level
of assets under management.  The structure of the Fund and the nature of the expenses are such that as total net assets grow,
there is a scalability of expenses that may allow the total expense ratio to be reduced. However, if total net assets for the Fund
fall, the total expense ratio of the Fund will increase unless additional reductions are made by the Sponsor to the daily expense
accrual. The Sponsor can elect to adjust the daily expense accruals at its discretion based on market conditions and other Fund
considerations. 

Market Outlook   

  The Corn Market  

 Corn is currently the most widely produced
livestock feed grain in the United States, and the majority of the United States  corn crop is used in livestock feed, with
the amount used in ethanol production second.  Corn is also processed into food and industrial products, including starch,
sweeteners, corn oil, beverages and industrial alcohol.   The United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA )
publishes weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual updates for U.S. domestic and worldwide corn production and consumption, and for
other grains such as soybeans and wheat which can be used in some cases as a substitute for corn.   These reports are
available on the USDA s website, www.usda.gov, at no charge.   

 The United States is the world s
leading producer and exporter of corn.  For the Crop Year 2016-17, the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA )
estimates that the U.S. will produce approximately 36% of all the corn globally, of which about 15% will be exported.  For
2016-2017, global consumption of 1,018.9 Million Metric Tons (MMT) is expected to be slightly less than global production of 1,025.7
MMT. If the global supply of corn exceeds global demand, this may have an adverse impact on the price of corn. Besides the United
States, other principal world corn exporters include Argentina, Brazil and the former Soviet Union nations known as the FSU-12
which includes the Ukraine.  Major importer nations include Mexico, Japan, the European Union (EU), South Korea, Egypt and
parts of Southeast Asia.  China s estimated production for 2016-17 at 216.0 MMT is under its domestic usage of 226.0
MMT. 

According to the USDA, global corn
consumption has increased almost 400% from 1960-2016 as demonstrated by the graph below, and is projected to continue to grow
in upcoming years.  Consumption growth is the result of a combination of many factors including: 1) global population growth,
which, according to the U.S. Census Department, is estimated to increase by approximately 78 million people in the 2016-17 timeframe
and reach over 9.4 billion by 2050; 2) a growing global middle class which is increasing the demand for protein and meat-based
products globally and most significantly in developing countries; and 3) increased use of bio-fuels, including ethanol in the
United States.  Based on current USDA estimates, for each person added to the population, there needs to be an additional
5.5 bushels of corn, 1.6 bushels of soybeans and 3.7 bushels of wheat produced. 

113   

While global
consumption of corn has increased over the 1960-2016 period, so has production, driven by increases in acres planted and yield
per acre.  However, according to the USDA and United Nations, future growth in planted acres and yield may be inhibited by
lower-productive land, and lack of infrastructure and transportation.  In addition, agricultural crops such as corn are highly
weather-dependent for yield and therefore susceptible to changing weather patterns.  In addition, given the current production/consumption
patterns, nearly 100% of all corn produced globally is consumed which leaves minimal excess inventory if production issues arise. 

On October 12, 2016, the USDA released its
monthly World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) for the Crop Year 2016-17. The exhibit below provides a summary
of historical and current information for United States corn production. 

in millions of bushels per day    

Yield : Yield per acre; how many bushels can be produced from
an acre of land. 

  Beginning Stocks (also called carry-in) : The amount of corn
that will be or is available at the beginning of the crop year from the previous year s harvest. 

  Ending Stocks (also called carry-out):  The amount of corn
that will be available at the end of the crop year, given the estimated or actual beginning stocks, production and usage. 

  Stocks/Use Ratio:  Ending stocks divided by total usage. 

  Demand per Day:  Total demand, also known as usage, including
exports, divided by three hundred sixty-five days. 

  Carry-out day s supply:  Ending stocks divided by demand
per day. 

Standard Corn Futures Contracts trade on the CBOT in units of 5,000
bushels, although 1,000 bushel  mini-corn  Corn Futures Contracts also trade.  Three grades of corn are deliverable
under CBOT Corn Futures Contracts:  Number 1 yellow, which may be delivered at 1.5 cents over the contract price; Number
2 yellow, which may be delivered at the contract price; and Number 3 yellow, which may be delivered at 1.5 cents 

114   

under the contract price.  There are five months each
year in which CBOT Corn Futures Contracts expire:  March, May, July, September and December. 

 If the futures market is in a state
of backwardation (i.e., when the price of corn in the future is expected to be less than the current price), the Fund will buy
later-to-expire contracts for a lower price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no
changes to either prevailing corn prices or the price relationship between immediate delivery, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire
contracts, the value of a contract will rise as it approaches expiration. Over time, if backwardation remained constant, the differences
would continue to increase. If the futures market is in contango, the Fund will buy later-to-expire contracts for a higher price
than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing corn prices
or the price relationship between the spot price, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire contracts, the value of a contract
will fall as it approaches expiration. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference would continue to increase. Historically,
the corn futures markets have experienced periods of both contango and backwardation. Frequently, whether contango or backwardation
exists is a function, among other factors, of the seasonality of the corn market and the corn harvest cycle. 

The Soybean Market  

 Global soybean production is concentrated
in the U.S., Brazil, Argentina and China.  The United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) has estimated
that, for the Crop Year 2016-17, the United States will produce approximately 116.2 MMT of soybeans or approximately 35% of estimated
world production, with Brazil production at 102 MMT. Argentina is projected to produce about 57 MMT. For 2016-17, global consumption
of 328.8 MMT is expected to be slightly less than global production of 333.2 MMT.  If the global supply of soybeans exceeds
global demand, this may have an adverse impact on the price of soybeans. The USDA publishes weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual
updates for U.S. domestic and worldwide soybean production and consumption.  These reports are available on the USDA s
website, www.usda.gov, at no charge.   

 The soybean processing industry converts
soybeans into soybean meal, soybean hulls, and soybean oil.  Soybean meal and soybean hulls are processed into soy flour
or soy protein, which are used, along with other commodities, by livestock producers and the farm fishing industry as feed.  Soybean
oil is sold in multiple grades and is used by the food, petroleum and chemical industries.  The food industry uses soybean
oil in cooking and salad dressings, baking and frying fats, and butter substitutes, among other uses.  In addition, the
soybean industry continues to introduce soy-based products as substitutes to various petroleum-based products including lubricants,
plastics, ink, crayons and candles.  Soybean oil is also converted to biodiesel for use as fuel. 

 Standard Soybean Futures Contracts trade
on the CBOT in units of 5,000 bushels, although 1,000 bushel  mini-sized  Soybean Futures Contracts also trade.  Three
grades of soybean are deliverable under CBOT Soybean Futures Contracts:  Number 1 yellow, which may be delivered at 6
cents per bushel over the contract price; Number 2 yellow, which may be delivered at the contract price; and Number 3 yellow, which
may be delivered at 6 cents per bushel under the contract price.  There are seven months each year in which CBOT Soybean
Futures Contracts expire:  January, March, May, July, August, September and November. 

 If the futures market is in a state
of backwardation (i.e., when the price of soybeans in the future is expected to be less than the current price), the Fund will
buy later-to-expire contracts for a lower price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming
no changes to either prevailing soybean prices or the price relationship between immediate delivery, soon-to-expire contracts and
later-to-expire contracts, the value of a contract will rise as it approaches expiration. If the futures market is in contango,
the Fund will buy later-to-expire contracts for a higher price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically,
and assuming no other changes to either prevailing soybean prices or the price relationship between the spot price, soon-to-expire
contracts and later-to-expire contracts, the value of a contract will fall as it approaches expiration. Historically, the soybeans
futures markets have experienced periods of both contango and backwardation. Frequently, whether contango or backwardation exists
is a function, among other factors, of the seasonality of the soybean market and the soybean harvest cycle. All other things being
equal, a situation involving prolonged periods of contago may adversely impact the returns of the Funds; conversely a situation
involving prolonged periods of backwardation may positively impact the returns of the Funds. 

On October 12, 2016, the USDA released its
monthly World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) for the Crop Year 2016-17. The exhibit below provides a summary
of historical and current information for United States soybean production. 

115   

in millions of bushels per
    day   

Yield : Yield per acre; how many bushels can be produced from
an acre of land. 

  Beginning Stocks (also called carry-in) : The amount of soybeans
that will be or is available at the beginning of the crop year from the previous year s harvest. 

  Ending Stocks (also called carry-out):  The amount of soybeans
that will be available at the end of the crop year, given the estimated or actual beginning stocks, production and usage. 

  Stocks/Use Ratio:  Ending stocks divided by total usage. 

  Demand per Day:  Total demand, also known as usage, including
exports, divided by three hundred sixty-five days. 

  Carry-out day s supply:  Ending stocks divided by demand
per day. 

The Sugar Market   

 Sugarcane accounts for about 75% of
the world s sugar production, while sugar beets account for the remainder of the world s sugar production.  Sugar
manufacturers use sugar beets and sugarcane as the raw material from which refined sugar (sucrose) for industrial and consumer
use is produced.  Sugar is produced in various forms, including granulated, powdered, liquid, brown, and molasses.  The
food industry (in particular, producers of baked goods, beverages, cereal, confections, and dairy products) uses sugar and sugarcane
molasses to make sugar-containing food products.  Sugar beet pulp and molasses products are used as animal feed ingredients.  Ethanol
is an important by-product of sugarcane processing.  Additionally, the material that is left over after sugarcane is
processed is used to manufacture paper, cardboard, and  environmentally friendly  eating utensils.  

 The Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract is
the world benchmark contract for raw sugar trading.  This contract prices the physical delivery of raw cane sugar, delivered
to the receiver s vessel at a specified port within the country of origin of the sugar.  Sugar No. 11 Futures Contracts
trade on the ICE Futures and the NYMEX in units of 112,000 pounds.  

 The United States Department of Agriculture
( USDA ) publishes two major reports annually on U.S. domestic and worldwide sugar production and consumption. These
are usually released in November and May. In addition, the USDA publishes periodic, but not as comprehensive, reports on sugar
monthly. All of these reports are available on the USDA s website, www.usda.gov, at no charge.  The USDA s May
2016 report forecasts that Brazil, with 37.1 million metric tons, will continue to be the leading producer of sugarcane, producing
approximately 22% of the world s supply, 164.9 million metric tons.  Outpacing the other principal producers of
sugarcane are India, Thailand and China. The principal world producers of sugar beets, as forecasted by the USDA for 2016, include
the European Union, the United States and Russia. The USDA s May 2016 report estimates that global consumption of sugar will
outpace production in 2016-17; with consumption at a record 174 million metric tons, reducing ending stocks to historic lows. If
the global supply of sugar exceeds global demand, this may have an adverse impact on the price of sugar. 

If the futures market is in a state of backwardation
(i.e., when the price of sugar in the future is expected to be less than the current price), the Fund will buy later-to-expire
contracts for a lower price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no changes to either
prevailing sugar prices or the price relationship between immediate delivery, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire contracts,
the value of a contract will rise as it approaches expiration. If the futures market is in contango, the Fund will buy later-to-expire
contracts for a higher price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to
either prevailing sugar prices or the price relationship between the spot price, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire contracts,
the value of a contract will fall as it approaches expiration. Historically, the sugar futures markets have experienced periods
of both contango and backwardation. 

116   

Frequently, whether
contango or backwardation exists is a function, among other factors, of the seasonality of the sugar market and the sugar harvest
cycle. All other things being equal, a situation involving prolonged periods of contago may adversely impact the returns of the
Funds; conversely a situation involving prolonged periods of backwardation may positively impact the returns of the Funds.     

  The Wheat Market  

 Wheat is used to produce flour, the
key ingredient for breads, pasta, crackers and many other food products, as well as several industrial products such as starches
and adhesives.  Wheat by-products are used in livestock feeds.  Wheat is the principal food grain produced
in the United States, and the United States  output of wheat is typically exceeded only by that of China, the European Union,
the former Soviet nations, known as the FSU-12, including the Ukraine, and India.  The United States Department of Agriculture
( USDA ) estimates that for 2016-17, the principal global producers of wheat will be the EU, the former Soviet nations
known as the FSU-12, China, India, the United States, Australia and Canada. The U.S. generates approximately 8% of the global production,
with just over one-third of that being exported. For 2016-17, global consumption of 735.7 MMT is estimated to be surpassed by production
of 744.4 MMT. If the global supply of wheat exceeds global demand, this may have an adverse impact on the price of wheat. The USDA
publishes weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual updates for U.S. domestic and worldwide wheat production and consumption.  These
reports are available on the USDA s website, www.usda.gov, at no charge.   

 There are several types of wheat grown
in the U.S., which are classified in terms of color, hardness, and growing season.  CBOT Wheat Futures Contracts call
for delivery of #2 soft red winter wheat, which is generally grown in the eastern third of the United States, but other types and
grades of wheat may also be delivered  (Grade #1 soft red winter wheat, Hard Red Winter, Dark Northern Spring and Northern
Spring wheat may be delivered at 3 cents premium per bushel over the contract price and #2 soft red winter wheat, Hard Red Winter,
Dark Northern Spring and Northern Spring wheat may be delivered at the contract price.) Winter wheat is planted in the fall and
is harvested in the late spring or early summer of the following year, while spring wheat is planted in the spring and harvested
in late summer or fall of the same year. 

 Standard Wheat Futures Contracts trade
on the CBOT in units of 5,000 bushels, although 1,000 bushel  mini-wheat  Wheat Futures Contracts also trade.  There
are five months each year in which CBOT Wheat Futures Contracts expire: March, May, July, September and December. 

If the futures market is in a state of backwardation
(i.e., when the price of wheat in the future is expected to be less than the current price), the Fund will buy later-to-expire
contracts for a lower price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no changes to either
prevailing wheat prices or the price relationship between immediate delivery, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire contracts,
the value of a contract will rise as it approaches expiration. If the futures market is in contango, the Fund will buy later-to-expire
contracts for a higher price than the sooner-to-expire contracts that it sells. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to
either prevailing wheat prices or the price relationship between the spot price, soon-to-expire contracts and later-to-expire contracts,
the value of a contract will fall as it approaches expiration. Historically, the wheat futures markets have experienced periods
of both contango and backwardation. Frequently, whether contango or backwardation exists is a function, among other factors, of
the seasonality of the wheat market and the wheat harvest cycle. 

On October 12, 2016, the USDA released its
monthly World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) for the Crop Year 2016-17. The exhibit below provides a summary
of historical and current information for United States wheat production. 

in millions of bushels per day   

117   

Yield : Yield per acre; how many bushels can be produced from
an acre of land. 

  Beginning Stocks (also called carry-in) : The amount of wheat
that will be or is available at the beginning of the crop year from the previous year s harvest. 

  Ending Stocks (also called carry-out):  The amount of wheat
that will be available at the end of the crop year, given the estimated or actual beginning stocks, production and usage. 

  Stocks/Use Ratio:  Ending stocks divided by total usage. 

  Demand per Day:  Total demand, also known as usage, including
exports, divided by three hundred sixty-five days. 

  Carry-out day s supply:  Ending stocks divided by demand
per day. 

Calculating NAV   

 The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets and   

Subtracting any liabilities.   
 
 The Administrator calculates the NAV
of each Fund once each trading day. It calculates NAV as of the earlier of the close of the New York Stock Exchange or 4:00 p.m.,
New York time. The NAV for a particular trading day will be released after 4:15 p.m., New York time. 

 In determining the value of the Futures Contracts for each
Fund, the Administrator uses the closing price on the exchange on which the commodity is traded, commonly referred to as the settlement
price. The time of settlement for each exchange is determined by that exchange and may change from time to time. The current settlement
time for each exchange can be found at the appropriate website which are: 

  1) for the CBOT (CORN, SOYB and WEAT)  http://www.cmegroup.com/trading_hours/commodities-hours.html ;  

  2) for
ICE (CANE)  http://www.theice.com/productguide/Search.shtml?tradingHours= .  

 The Administrator determines the value
of all other investments for each Fund as of the earlier of the close of the New York Stock Exchange or 4:00 p.m., New York time,
in accordance with the current Services Agreement between the Administrator and the Trust.  

 The value of over-the-counter Interests
will be determined based on the value of the commodity or Futures Contract underlying such Interest, except that a fair value may
be determined if the Sponsor believes that a Fund is subject to significant credit risk relating to the counterparty to such Interest. For
purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV of a specific Fund where necessary to reflect
the  fair value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract of such Fund closes at its price fluctuation limit
for the day. Treasury Securities held by the Fund are valued by the Administrator using values received from recognized third-party
vendors (such as Reuters) and dealer quotes.  The NAV includes any unrealized profit or loss on open Interests and any other
credit or debit accruing to each Fund but unpaid or not received by the Fund. 

 In addition, in order to provide updated
information relating to the Funds for use by investors and market professionals, the NYSE Arca calculates and disseminates throughout
the trading day an updated indicative fund value for each Fund. The indicative fund value is calculated by using the prior
day s closing NAV per share of the Fund as a base and updating that value throughout the trading day to reflect changes in
the value of the Fund s commodity Interests during the trading day.  Changes in the value of Treasury Securities and
cash equivalents will not be included in the calculation of indicative value.  For this and other reasons, the indicative
fund value disseminated during NYSE Arca trading hours should not be viewed as an actual real time update of the NAV for each Fund. 
The NAV is calculated only once at the end of each trading day.   

 The indicative fund value is disseminated
on a per share basis every 15 seconds during regular NYSE Arca trading hours of 9:30 a.m., New York time, to 4:00 p.m., New York
time.  The CBOT and the ICE are generally open for trading only during specified hours which vary by exchange and may
be adjusted by the exchange. However, the futures markets on these exchanges do not currently operate twenty-four hours per day. In
addition, there may be some trading hours which may be limited to electronic trading only. This means that there is a gap in time
at the beginning and the end of each day during which the Fund s Shares are traded on the NYSE Arca, when, for example, real-time
CBOT trading prices for Corn Futures Contracts traded on such Exchange are not available.  As a result, during those gaps
there will be no update to the indicative fund values. The most current trading hours for each exchange may be found on the website
of that exchange as listed above. 

 The NYSE Arca disseminates the indicative
fund value through the facilities of CTA/CQ High Speed Lines.  In addition, the indicative fund value is published on the
NYSE Arca s website and is available through on-line information services such as Bloomberg and Reuters. 

 Dissemination of the indicative fund
values provides additional information that is not otherwise available to the public and is useful to investors and market professionals
in connection with the trading of Shares of the Funds on the NYSE Arca.  Investors and market professionals are able throughout
the trading day to compare the market price of each Fund and its indicative fund value.  If the market price of the Shares
of a Fund diverges significantly from the indicative fund value, market professionals may have an incentive to execute arbitrage
trades.  For example, if the Fund appears to be trading at a discount compared to the indicative fund value, a market professional
could buy Fund Shares on the NYSE Arca, aggregate them into Redemption Baskets, and receive the NAV of such Shares by redeeming
them to the 

118   

Trust, provided that there is not a
minimum number of shares outstanding for the Fund.  Such arbitrage trades can tighten the tracking between the market price
of the Fund and the indicative fund value. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

 The Trust s critical accounting
policies for all the Funds are as follows: 

1.  
      Preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally-accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates, and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expense and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities during the reporting period of the combined financial statements and accompanying notes. The Trust s application of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used.   

2.  
      The Sponsor has determined that the valuation of Commodity Interests that are not traded on a U.S. or internationally recognized futures exchange (such as swaps and other over-the-counter contracts) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by the Funds for futures contracts will be provided by the commodity broker who will use market prices when available, while over-the-counter contracts will be valued based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these derivative contracts prior to their delivery date. Values will be determined on a daily basis.   

3.  
      Commodity futures contracts held by the Funds are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation on commodity futures contracts are reflected in the statement of operations as the difference between the original contract amount and the fair market value as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial statements. Changes in the appreciation or depreciation between periods are reflected in the statement of operations. Interest on cash equivalents and deposits with the Futures Commission Merchant are recognized on the accrual basis. The Funds earn interest on its assets denominated in U.S. dollars on deposit with the Futures Commission Merchant at a rate equal to 85% of the overnight of Federal Funds Rate. In addition, the Funds earn interest on funds held at the custodian at prevailing market rates for such investments.   

4.  
      Cash and cash equivalents are cash held at financial institutions in demand-deposit accounts or highly-liquid investments with original maturity dates of three months or less at inception. The Funds reported cash equivalents in the statements of assets and liabilities at market value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly-liquid nature and short-term maturities. The Funds have a substantial portion of its assets on deposit with banks. Assets deposited with financial institutions may, at times, exceed federally insured limits.   

5.  
      The use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related unrealized gains or losses recognized in earnings in each period is fundamental to the Trust s financial statements. In accordance with GAAP, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.   

In determining fair value, the Trust uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Trust. Unobservable inputs reflect the Trust s assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels: a) Level 1 - Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Trust has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 securities and financial instruments. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities and financial instruments does not entail a significant degree of judgment, b) Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, and c) Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. See the notes within the financial statements for further information.   

The Funds and the Trust record their derivative activities at fair value. Gains and losses from derivative contracts are included in the statement of operations. Derivative contracts include futures contracts related to commodity prices. Futures, which are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the CBOT or the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ), or reported on another national market, are generally categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. OTC derivatives contracts (such as forward and swap contracts) which may be valued using models, depending on whether significant inputs are observable or unobservable, are categorized in Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy.   

6.  
      Brokerage commissions on all open commodity futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis.   

7.  
      Margin is the minimum amount of funds that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage of the    

119   

aggregate purchase or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Funds  clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. Over-the-counter trading generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may agree to require the posting of collateral by one or both parties to address credit exposure.   

When a trader purchases an option, there is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions, which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying interest.   

Ongoing or  maintenance  margin requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures contract changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made by the broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With respect to the Funds  trading, the Funds (and not its shareholders personally) are subject to margin calls.   

Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated, and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the total risk of the combined positions.   

8.  
      Due from/to broker for investments in financial instruments are securities transactions pending settlement. The Trust and TAGS are subject to credit risk to the extent any broker with whom it conducts business is unable to fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf. The management of the Trust and the Funds monitors the financial condition of such brokers and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties. Since the inception of the Fund, the principal broker through which the Trust and TAGS clear securities transactions for TAGS is the Bank of New York Mellon Capital Markets.   

9.  
      The investment objective of TAGS is to have the daily changes in percentage terms of the Net Asset Value ( NAV ) of its common units ( Shares ) reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of a weighted average (the  Underlying Fund Average ) of the NAVs per share of four other commodity pools that are series of the Trust and are sponsored by the Sponsor: the Teucrium Corn Fund, the Teucrium Wheat Fund, the Teucrium Soybean Fund and the Teucrium Sugar Fund (collectively, the  Underlying Funds ). The Underlying Fund Average will have a weighting of 25% to each Underlying Fund, and the Fund s assets will be rebalanced, generally on a daily basis, to maintain the approximate 25% allocation to each Underlying Fund. As such, TAGS will buy, sell and hold as part of its normal operations shares of the four Underlying Funds. The Trust excludes the shares of the other series of the Trust owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund from its statements of assets and liabilities. The Trust excludes the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on securities owned by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund from its statements of operations. Upon the sale of the Underlying Funds by the Teucrium Agricultural Fund, the Trust includes any realized gain or loss in its statements of changes in net assets.   

10.  
      For tax purposes, the Funds will be treated as partnerships. Therefore, the Funds do not record a provision for income taxes because the partners report their share of a Fund s income or loss on their income tax returns. The financial statements reflect the Funds  transactions without adjustment, if any, required for income tax purposes.   

Credit Risk   

When any of the Funds enter into Commodity
Interests, it will be exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations.  For
purposes of credit risk, the counterparty for the Futures Contracts traded on the CBOT, NYMEX, and ICE is the clearinghouse associated
with those exchanges.  In general, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial
burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members, which should significantly reduce credit risk.  Some
foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions.  Unlike
in the case of exchange-traded futures contracts, the counterparty to an over-the-counter Corn Interest contract is generally a
single bank or other financial institution.  As a result, there will be greater counterparty credit risk in over-the-counter
transactions.  There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse, or their financial backers will satisfy
their obligations to any of the Funds. 

 The
Funds may engage in off exchange transactions broadly called an  exchange for risk  transaction, also referred to as
an  exchange for swap.  For purposes of the Dodd-Frank Act and related CFTC rules, an  exchange for risk 
transaction is treated as a  swap.  An  exchange for risk  transaction, sometimes referred to as an  exchange
for swap  or  exchange of futures for risk,  is a privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of a futures
contract position for a swap or other over-the-counter instrument on the corresponding commodity.  An exchange for risk transaction
can be used by the Funds as a technique to avoid taking physical delivery of a commodity futures contract, corn 

120   

for
example, in that a counterparty will take the Fund s position in a Corn Futures Contract into its own account in exchange
for a swap that does not by its terms call for physical delivery.  The Funds will become subject to the credit risk of a counterparty
when it acquires an over-the-counter position in an exchange for risk transaction.  The Fund may use an  exchange for
risk  transaction in connection with the creation and redemption of shares. These transactions must be carried out only in
accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange where the futures contracts trade. 

 The Sponsor will attempt to manage the credit
risk of each Fund by following certain trading limitations and policies.  In particular, each Fund intends to post margin
and collateral and/or hold liquid assets that will be equal to approximately the face amount of the Interests it holds.  The
Sponsor will implement procedures that will include, but will not be limited to, executing and clearing trades and entering into
over-the-counter transactions only with parties it deems creditworthy and/or requiring the posting of collateral by such parties
for the benefit of each Fund to limit its credit exposure. 

The CEA requires all FCMs, such as the Funds 
clearing brokers, to meet and maintain specified fitness and financial requirements, to segregate customer funds from proprietary
funds and account separately for all customers  funds and positions, and to maintain specified books and records open to
inspection by the staff of the CFTC. The CFTC has similar authority over introducing brokers, or persons who solicit or accept
orders for commodity interest trades but who do not accept margin deposits for the execution of trades. The CEA authorizes the
CFTC to regulate trading by FCMs and by their officers and directors, permits the CFTC to require action by exchanges in the event
of market emergencies, and establishes an administrative procedure under which customers may institute complaints for damages arising
from alleged violations of the CEA. The CEA also gives the states powers to enforce its provisions and the regulations of the CFTC. 

On November 14, 2013, the CFTC published final
regulations that require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and
liquidity standards, customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater
assurances to market participants that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with
appropriate notice of the risks of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring
and managing risks in a robust manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations
and the auditing and examination programs of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs
in a thorough manner. 

 Effective February 6, 2015, the Sponsor
transferred all futures contracts from Societe Generale to Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) and Jefferies served as the
FCM for the Funds, as discussed in Part I of this filing.  On April 9, 2015, Jefferies Group, LLC announced that it had entered
into a definitive agreement to have Societe Generale SA acquire the assets of its futures unit, including its FCM operations. 
Effective June 3, 2015, ED F Man Capital Markets Inc. ( ED F Man ) replaced Jefferies as the Funds  FCM
and the clearing broker to execute and clear the Funds  futures and provide other brokerage-related services.  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

The Funds do not anticipate making use of borrowings
or other lines of credit to meet their obligations.   The Funds meet their liquidity needs in the normal course of business
from the proceeds of the sale of their investments from the cash, cash equivalents and/or the Treasuries Securities that they intend
to hold, and/or from the fee waivers provided by the Sponsor.    The Funds  liquidity needs include: redeeming
their shares, providing margin deposits for existing Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Futures Contracts, posting
collateral for over-the-counter Commodity Interests, and paying expenses. 

The Funds generate cash primarily from (i)
the sale of Creation Baskets and (ii) interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and their investments in Treasuries Securities.  
Generally, all of the net assets of the Funds are allocated to trading in Commodity Interests.  Most of the assets of
the Funds are held in Treasury Securities, cash and/or cash equivalents that could or are used as margin or collateral for trading
in Commodity Interests.  The percentage that such assets bear to the total net assets will vary from period to period
as the market values of the Commodity Interests change. Interest earned on interest-bearing assets of a Fund are paid to that
Fund. 

The investments of a Fund in Commodity Interests
are subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons.  For
example, U.S. futures exchanges limit the fluctuations in the prices of certain Futures Contracts during a single day by regulations
referred to as  daily limits.   During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily
limit.  Once the price of such a Futures Contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions
in the contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit.  Such
market conditions could prevent the Fund from promptly liquidating a position in Futures Contracts. 

 Beginning in the quarter-ended June
30, 2015, the Sponsor invested a portion of the available cash for the Funds in alternative demand-deposit savings accounts; effective
August 20, 2015, the Sponsor has deposited cash in Rabobank, N.A., a U.S. chartered bank headquartered in Roseville, CA.  
These accounts have slightly higher overnight deposit rates than were available in the money market products at the Custodians
that had been utilized solely in the past. 

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds.  Per the amended agreement
between the Sponsor and The Bank of New York Mellon dated August 14, 2015, certain cash amounts for each Fund, except in the case
of TAGS, are to remain at The Bank of New York Mellon until amounts for services and early termination fees are paid.  The
amended agreement allows for payments for such amounts owed to be made through December 31, 2017. Cash balances that are held in 

121   

custody at The Bank of New York Mellon
under this amended agreement are reflected on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities of the Fund and the Trust as Restricted
Cash. 

Market Risk   

Trading in Commodity Interests such as Futures
Contracts will involve the Funds entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell specific amounts of commodities at a
specified date in the future.  The gross or face amount of the contracts is expected to significantly exceed the future
cash requirements of each Fund as each Fund intends to close out any open positions prior to the contractual expiration date.  As
a result, each Fund s market risk is the risk of loss arising from the decline in value of the contracts, not from the need
to make delivery under the contracts.  The Funds consider the  fair value  of derivative instruments to be
the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts.  The market risk associated with the commitment by the Funds to purchase
a specific commodity will be limited to the aggregate face amount of the contacts held. 

   Regulatory Environment   

 The regulation of futures markets, futures
contracts, and futures exchanges has historically been comprehensive. The CFTC and the exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary
actions in the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits,
increased margin requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading on an exchange or trading
facility. 

Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA has
been formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association.  At the present time, the NFA is the only self-regulatory
organization for commodity interest professionals, other than futures exchanges.  The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility
for the registration of CPOs and FCMs and their respective associated persons.  The Sponsor and the Fund s clearing
broker are members of the NFA.  As such, they will be subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial
condition and consumer protection.    The NFA also arbitrates disputes between members and their customers and conducts
registration and fitness screening of applicants for membership and audits of its existing members.  Neither the Trust nor
the Funds are required to become a member of the NFA. The regulation of commodity interest transactions in the United States is
a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. Considerable regulatory
attention has been focused on non-traditional investment pools that are publicly distributed in the United States. There is a possibility
of future regulatory changes within the United States altering, perhaps to a material extent, the nature of an investment in the
Funds, or the ability of a Fund to continue to implement its investment strategy. In addition, various national governments outside
of the United States have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in the commodities markets
and the need to regulate the derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible
to predict but could be substantial and adverse. 

 The CFTC possesses exclusive jurisdiction
to regulate the activities of commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors with respect to  commodity interests, 
such as futures and swaps and options, and has adopted regulations with respect to the activities of those persons and/or entities. 
Under the Commodity Exchange Act ( CEA ), a registered commodity pool operator, such as the Sponsor, is required to
make annual filings with the CFTC and the NFA describing its organization, capital structure, management and controlling persons. 
In addition, the CEA authorizes the CFTC to require and review books and records of, and documents prepared by, registered commodity
pool operators.  Pursuant to this authority, the CFTC requires commodity pool operators to keep accurate, current and orderly
records for each pool that they operate.  The CFTC may suspend the registration of a commodity pool operator (1) if the CFTC
finds that the operator s trading practices tend to disrupt orderly market conditions, (2) if any controlling person of the
operator is subject to an order of the CFTC denying such person trading privileges on any exchange, and (3) in certain other circumstances. 
Suspension, restriction or termination of the Sponsor s registration as a commodity pool operator would prevent it, until
that registration were to be reinstated, from managing the Funds, and might result in the termination of a Fund if a successor
sponsor is not elected pursuant to the Trust Agreement.  Neither the Trust nor the Funds are required to be registered with
the CFTC in any capacity. 

 The Funds  investors are afforded
prescribed rights for reparations under the CEA.  Investors may also be able to maintain a private right of action for violations
of the CEA.  The CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the CEA, which provide that any person may
file a complaint for a reparations award with the CFTC for violation of the CEA against a floor broker or an FCM, introducing broker,
commodity trading advisor, CPO, and their respective associated persons. 

 The regulations of the CFTC and the
NFA prohibit any representation by a person registered with the CFTC or by any member of the NFA, that registration with the CFTC,
or membership in the NFA, in any respect indicates that the CFTC or the NFA has approved or endorsed that person or that person s
trading program or objectives.  The registrations and memberships of the parties described in this summary must not be considered
as constituting any such approval or endorsement.  Likewise, no futures exchange has given or will give any similar approval
or endorsement. 

 Trading venues in the United States
are subject to varying degrees of regulation under the CEA depending on whether such exchange is a designated contract market (i.e.
a futures exchange) or a swap execution facility. Clearing organizations are also subject to the CEA and the rules and regulations
adopted thereunder as administered by the CFTC. The CFTC s function is to implement the CEA s objectives of preventing
price manipulation and excessive speculation and promoting orderly and efficient commodity interest markets. In addition, the various
exchanges and clearing organizations themselves as self-regulatory organizations exercise regulatory and supervisory authority
over their member firms. 

122   

The Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) was enacted in response to the economic crisis
of 2008 and 2009 and it significantly altered the regulatory regime to which the securities and commodities markets are subject.
To date, the CFTC has issued proposed or final versions of almost all of the rules it is required to promulgate under the Dodd-Frank
Act, and it continues to issue proposed versions of additional rules that it has authority to promulgate. Provisions of the new
law include the requirement that position limits be established on a wide range of commodity interests,  including agricultural,
energy, and metal-based commodity futures contracts, options on such futures contracts and uncleared swaps that are economically
equivalent to such futures contracts and options ( Reference Contracts  new registration and recordkeeping requirements
for swap market participants; capital and margin requirements for  swap dealers  and  major swap participants, 
as determined by the new law and applicable regulations; reporting of all swap transactions to swap data repositories; and the
mandatory use of clearinghouse mechanisms for sufficiently standardized swap transactions that were historically entered into in
the over-the-counter market, but are now designated as subject to the clearing requirement; and margin requirements for over-the-counter
swaps that are not subject to the clearing requirements.     

 The effect of future regulatory change
on the Funds, and the exact timing of such changes, is impossible to predict but it may be substantial and adverse. Specifically,
the new law, the rules that have been promulgated thereunder, and the rules that are expected to be promulgated may negatively
impact the ability of a Fund to meet its investment objectives, either through position limits or requirements imposed on it and/or
on their counterparties. In particular, new position limits imposed on a Fund or any counterparties may impact the ability of that
Fund to invest in a manner that most efficiently meets its investment objective. New requirements, including capital imposed on
the counterparties of a Fund and the mandatory clearing and margining of swaps, may increase the cost of that Fund s investments
and doing business. 

 In addition, considerable regulatory
attention has recently been focused on non-traditional publicly distributed investment pools such as the Funds.  Furthermore,
various national governments have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in certain commodity
markets and the need to regulate the derivatives markets in general.  The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds
is impossible to predict, but could be substantial and adverse. 

 Management believes that as of September
30, 2016 it had fulfilled in a timely manner all Dodd-Frank reporting requirements, both historical and on-going, for the categories
under which the firm operates and is registered. 

Position Limits, Aggregation Limits, Price
Fluctuation Limits  

 On November 5, 2013, the CFTC re-proposed
for public comment new regulations that would establish specific limits on speculative positions in futures contracts, option contracts
and swaps on 28 agricultural, energy and metals commodities (the  Position Limit Rules ) and on September 29, 2015
issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking and regulations addressing the circumstances under which market participants
would be required to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Proposed Aggregation
Requirements ). Both the Position Limit Rules and Proposed Aggregation Requirements are currently pending and have not yet
been adopted.  It remains to be seen whether the CFTC will modify the proposed regulations in response to public comments.  

 Currently, the CFTC enforces federal
limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges establish and enforce position
limits and accountability levels for virtually all physical commodity contracts such as agricultural and certain energy products
(e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, the Funds may be limited with respect to the size of their investments in any commodity
subject to these limits.  Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions, the Proposed Aggregation Requirements would require
the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in Reference Contracts of the 28 regulated commodities held
by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such positions exist on US futures exchanges, non-US futures exchanges,
or in over-the-counter swaps.  Under the CFTC s existing position limit requirements and the Position Limit Rules, a
market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which ownership interest in an account or position, as
well as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding.  At this
time, it is unclear how the Proposed Aggregation Requirements may affect the Fund, but it may be substantial and adverse. 
By way of example, the Proposed Aggregation Requirements in combination with the Position Limit Rules may negatively impact the
ability of the Fund to meet its respective investment objectives through limits that may inhibit the Sponsor s ability to
sell additional Creation Baskets of the Fund. 

Position limits generally impose a fixed ceiling
on aggregate holdings in futures contracts relating to a particular commodity, and may also impose separate ceilings on contracts
expiring in any one month, contracts expiring in the spot month, and/or contracts in certain specified final days of trading. 
By way of example, the CFTC s position limits for Soybean Futures Contracts (including related options) are 600 spot month
contracts, 15,000 contracts expiring in any other single month, and 15,000 contracts for all months.  All Soybean Futures
Contracts held under the control of the Sponsor and its owned or commonly owned affiliates, including those held by any future
series of the Trust, will be aggregated in determining the application of these position limits.  Position limits could
in certain circumstances effectively limit the number of Creation Baskets that the Soybean Fund can sell but, it is not expected
to reach asset levels that would cause these position limits to be implicated in the near future. 

 As mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act, the
CFTC is considering adopting a rule that will establish position limits not only for futures contracts but also for futures
equivalent positions, over-the-counter swaps and options (i.e., contracts that are not traded on exchanges). If this rule was implemented,
these new position limits would likely limit the ability of the Funds to establish positions in over-the-counter commodity interests as
well.  

 Accountability levels differ from position
limits in that they do not represent a fixed ceiling, but rather a threshold above which a futures exchange may exercise greater
scrutiny and control over an investor s positions.  If a Fund were to exceed an applicable accountability level for 

123   

investments in futures contracts, the
exchange will monitor the Fund s exposure and may ask for further information on its activities, including the total size
of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of the Fund.  If deemed necessary
by the exchange, the Fund could be ordered to reduce its aggregate net position back to the accountability level.  

 In addition to position limits and accountability
levels, the exchanges set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.  The daily price fluctuation limit establishes
the maximum amount that the price of futures contracts may vary either up or down from the previous day s settlement price. 
Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond
that limit. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing   

 As of September 30, 2016, neither the
Trust nor any of the Funds has any loan guarantees, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than
agreements entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks
service providers undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of the Funds. While the exposure of each Fund
under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on the financial positions
of each Fund. 

   Redemption Basket Obligation   

 Other than as necessary to meet the
investment objective of the Funds and pay the contractual obligations described below, the Funds will require liquidity to redeem
Redemption Baskets. Each Fund intends to satisfy this obligation through the transfer of cash of the Fund (generated, if necessary,
through the sale of Treasury Securities) in an amount proportionate to the number of units being redeemed. 

   Contractual Obligations   

 The primary contractual obligations
of each Fund will be with the Sponsor and certain other service providers. Except for TAGS, which has no management fee, the Sponsor,
in return for its services, will be entitled to a management fee calculated as a fixed percentage of each Fund s NAV, currently
1.00% of its average net assets. Each Fund will also be responsible for all ongoing fees, costs and expenses of its operation,
including (i) brokerage and other fees and commissions incurred in connection with the trading activities of the Fund; (ii) expenses
incurred in connection with registering additional Shares of the Fund or offering Shares of the Fund; (iii) the routine expenses
associated with the preparation and, if required, the printing and mailing of monthly, quarterly, annual and other reports required
by applicable U.S. federal and state regulatory authorities, Trust meetings and preparing, printing and mailing proxy statements
to Shareholders; (iv) the payment of any distributions related to redemption of Shares; (v) payment for routine services of the
Trustee, legal counsel and independent accountants; (vi) payment for routine accounting, bookkeeping, custodial and transfer agency
services, whether performed by an outside service provider or by affiliates of the Sponsor; (vii) postage and insurance; (viii)
costs and expenses associated with client relations and services; (ix) costs of preparation of all federal, state, local and foreign
tax returns and any taxes payable on the income, assets or operations of the Fund; and (xi) extraordinary expenses (including,
but not limited to, legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs and any indemnification related thereto). 

 While the Sponsor has agreed to pay
registration fees to the SEC, FINRA and any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares offered
through each Fund s prospectus, the legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated with such registrations, and
the initial fee of $5,000 for listing the Shares on the NYSE Arca, each Fund will be responsible for any registration fees and
related expenses incurred in connection with any future offer and sale of Shares of the Fund in excess of those offered through
its prospectus. 

 Any general expenses of the Trust will
be allocated among the Funds and any other series of the Trust as determined by the Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion.
The Trust is also responsible for extraordinary expenses, including, but not limited to, legal claims and liabilities and litigation
costs and any indemnification related thereto. The Trust and/or the Sponsor may be required to indemnify the Trustee, Distributor
or Administrator under certain circumstances. 

 The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods as the NAV and trading levels to meet investment
objectives for each Fund will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed upon
by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of each Fund s existence. The parties
may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons listed in the agreements. 

 On August 17, 2015 (the  Conversion
Date ), U.S. Bank N.A. replaced The Bank of New York Mellon as the Custodian for the Funds.  The principal business
address for U.S. Bank N.A. is 1555 North Rivercenter Drive, Suite 302, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212. In addition, effective on the
Conversion Date, U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC ( USBFS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank, commenced serving
as administrator for each Fund, performing certain administrative and accounting services and preparing certain SEC reports on
behalf of the Funds, and also became the registrar and transfer agent for each Fund s Shares. The principal address for USBFS
is 777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202.  For such services, U.S. Bank and USBFS will receive an asset-based fee,
subject to a minimum annual fee.  The Sponsor does not anticipate any material change to the expenses for any Fund, net of
expenses waived by the Sponsor, as a result of the servicing conversion to USBFS. 

124   

Benchmark Performance   

 The Funds have a limited operating history.
Investing in commodity interests, or the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS, subjects the Funds to the risks of the underlying
commodities market, and this could result in substantial fluctuations in the price of each Fund s Shares. Unlike mutual funds,
the Funds generally will not distribute dividends to Shareholders. Investors may choose to use the Funds as a means of investing
indirectly in the underlying commodities, and there are risks involved in such investments. The Sponsor has limited experience
operating a commodity pool. Investors may choose to use the Funds as vehicles to hedge against the risk of loss, and there are
risks involved in hedging activities. 

 During the period from January 1, 2016
through September 30, 2016 the average daily change in the NAV of each Fund was within plus/minus 10 percent of the average daily
change in the Benchmark of each Fund, as stated in the applicable prospectus for each Fund. 

 Frequency Distribution of Premiums and
Discounts: NAV versus the 4pm Bid/Ask Midpoint on the NYSE Arca 

  CORN  

The performance data above for the Teucrium
Corn Fund represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and value of the
Fund s Shares will fluctuate so that an investor s Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original
cost. Performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. 

SOYB  

The performance data above for the Teucrium
Soybean Fund represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and value of
the Fund s Shares will fluctuate so that an investor s Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original
cost. Performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. 

125   

CANE  

The performance data above for the Teucrium
Sugar Fund represents past performance. Effective with the September 30, 2015 filing, all data for CANE has been updated to reflect
NAV out to four decimal points; this update is now consistent with all other funds, but did not, in the opinion of the Sponsor,
materially modify the nature of the information presented.  Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment
return and value of the Fund s Shares will fluctuate so that an investor s Shares, when sold, may be worth more or
less than their original cost. Performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. 

WEAT  

The performance data above for the Teucrium
Wheat Fund represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and value of the
Fund s Shares will fluctuate so that an investor s Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original
cost. Performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. 

126   

TAGS  

The performance data above for the Teucrium
Agricultural Fund represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and value
of the Fund s Shares will fluctuate so that an investor s Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original
cost. Performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. 

As of August 2, 2012, TAGS has 50,002 shares
currently outstanding; this represents the minimum number of shares and, thus, no shares can be redeemed until additional shares
have been created. This situation has generated a situation, at times, in which the spread between bid/ask midpoint at 4pm and
the NAV falls outside of the  1 to 49  or  -1 to -49  range. The situation does not affect the actual NAV
of the Fund. 

  Description  

 The above frequency distribution charts
present information about the difference between the daily market price for Shares of each Fund and the Fund s reported Net
Asset Value per share. The amount that a Fund s market price is above the reported NAV is called the premium. The amount
that a Fund s market price is below the reported NAV is called the discount. The market price is determined using the midpoint
between the highest bid and the lowest offer on the listing exchange, as of the time that a Fund s NAV is calculated (usually
4:00 p.m., New York time). The horizontal axis of the chart shows the premium or discount expressed in basis points. The vertical
axis indicates the number of trading days in the period covered by the chart. Each bar in the chart shows the number of trading
days in which a Fund traded within the premium/discount range indicated. 

 *A unit that is equal to 1/100th of
1% and is used to denote the change in a financial instrument. 

  NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF A
FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk  

   Market Risk   

  The discussion and analysis which
follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial results. Words such as  anticipate, 
 expect,   intend,   plan,   believe,   seek,   outlook 
and  estimate,  as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking statements. The Trust s forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions, and important factors, risks and uncertainties may cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.  

  You should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, the Sponsor undertakes no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report,
as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this Report.  

 Trading in Commodity Interests such
as Futures Contracts will involve the Funds entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell specific amounts of commodities
at a specified date in the future. The gross or face amount of the contracts is expected to significantly exceed the future cash
requirements of each Fund as each Fund intends to close out any open positions prior to the contractual expiration date. As a result,
each Fund s market risk is the risk of loss arising from the decline in value of the contracts, not from the need to make
delivery under the contracts. The Funds consider the  fair value  of derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain
or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with the commitment by the Funds to purchase a specific commodity will be
limited to the aggregate face amount of the contracts held. 

127   

The exposure of the Funds to market
risk will depend primarily on the market price of the specific commodities held by the Fund. The market price of the commodities
depends in part on the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates and the liquidity of the commodity-specific markets. 

 TAGS is subject to the risks of the
commodity-specific futures contracts of the Underlying Funds as the fair value of its holdings is based on the NAV of each of the
Underlying Funds, each of which is directly impacted by the factors discussed above. 

 The tables below present a quantitative
analysis of hypothetical impact of price decreases and increases in each of the commodity futures contracts held by each of the
Funds, or the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS, on the actual holdings and NAV per share as of September 30, 2016. For purposes
of this analysis, all futures contracts held by the Funds and the Underlying Funds are assumed to change by the same percentage.
In addition, the cash held by the Funds and any management fees paid to the Sponsor are assumed to remain constant and not impact
the NAV per share. There may be very slight and immaterial differences, due to rounding, in the tables presented below. 

  CORN:  

SOYB:  

CANE:  

128   

WEAT:  

TAGS:  

Margin is the minimum amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader s broker to initiate and maintain an open position
in futures contracts. A margin deposit acts to assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts purchased or sold.
Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage (ranging upward from
less than 2%) of the aggregate purchase or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations
occurring in the futures markets may create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary
in other forms of investment or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin
requirements that greatly exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular
futures contract is set from time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time
by the exchange during the term of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as the Funds  clearing brokers, carrying accounts
for traders in commodity interest contracts generally require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect
themselves. Over-the-counter trading generally involves the extension of credit between counterparties, so the counterparties may
agree to require the posting of collateral by one or both parties to address credit exposure. 

 When a trader purchases an option, there
is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he
or she is required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest
and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling
of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher
than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions,
which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying
interest. 

Ongoing or  maintenance  margin
requirements are computed each day by a trader s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open futures contract
changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made by the broker.
If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the trader s position. With respect to the
various Funds  trading, the Funds (and not its shareholders personally) are subject to margin calls. 

 Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have
passed certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an
account would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring
the total risk of the combined positions. 

 The Dodd-Frank Act requires the CFTC,
the SEC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, the Farm Credit System and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (collectively, the  Prudential Regulators )
to establish  both initial and variation margin requirements on all swaps that are not cleared by a registered clearing organization 
(i.e., uncleared or over-the-counter swaps). The proposed rules would require swap dealers and major swap participants to collect
both variation and initial margin from their financial entity counterparties such as the Funds or Underlying Funds but would not
require these swap dealers or major swap participants to post variation margin or initial margin to the Funds or Underlying Funds.  The
CFTC and the Prudential Regulators finalized these rules in 2016 and compliance became due in September 2016. 

 An  exchange for related position 
( EFRP ) can be used by the Fund as a technique to facilitate the exchanging of a futures hedge position against a
creation or redemption order, and thus the Fund may use an EFRP transaction in connection with the creation and redemption of shares.
The market specialist/market maker that is the ultimate purchaser or seller of shares in connection with the creation or redemption 

129   

basket, respectively, agrees to sell
or purchase a corresponding offsetting futures position which is then settled on the same business day as a cleared futures transaction
by the FCMs.  The Fund will become subject to the credit risk of the market specialist/market maker until the EFRP is
settled or terminated.  The Fund reports all activity related to EFRP transactions under the procedures and guidelines of
the CFTC and the exchanges on which the futures are traded. These transactions must be carried out only pursuant to the rules of
the applicable exchange. 

 For the three-months ended September
30, 2016, the only counterparty risk to which the Funds were subject was that in association with EFRPs as described above. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

 The Trust and each Fund maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in the Trust s periodic
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms for both the Trust and each
Fund thereof. 

 Management of the Sponsor of the Teucrium
Funds ( Management ), including Dale Riker, its Chief Executive Officer and Barbara Riker, its Chief Financial
Officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust
if the Trust had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Trust s and each Fund s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and, based upon that evaluation, concluded
that the Trust s and each Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Trust
is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
of the Sponsor, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The scope of the evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures covers both the Trust and each Fund thereof. 

 The certifications of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer are applicable to each Fund individually as well as the Trust as a whole. 

   Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There has been no change in internal controls
over the financial reporting (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Trust s
last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

 None. 

    Item 1A. Risk Factors  

 There have been no material changes
to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, filed on March 15, 2016. 

 The commodity interests in which each
of the Funds invests, and in which TAGS invests indirectly through the Shares of the Underlying Funds, are referred to as Commodity
Interests and for each Fund individually as the specific commodity interests, e.g. Corn Interests. 

   Risks Applicable to all Funds   

   There are Risks Related to Fund
Structure and Operations of the Funds   

 Unlike mutual funds, commodity pools
and other investment pools that manage their investments so as to realize income and gains for distribution to their investors,
a Fund generally does not distribute dividends to Shareholders. You should not invest in a Fund if you will need cash distributions
from the Fund to pay taxes on your share of income and gains of the Fund, if any, or for other purposes. 

 The Sponsor has consulted with legal
counsel, accountants and other advisers regarding the formation and operation of the Trust and the Funds. No counsel has been appointed
to represent you in connection with the offering of Shares. Accordingly, you should consult with your own legal, tax and financial
advisers regarding the desirability of an investment in the Shares. 

130   

The Sponsor intends to re-invest any
income and realized gains of a Fund in additional Commodity Interests, or Shares of the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS, rather
than distributing cash to Shareholders. Although a Fund does not intend to make cash distributions, the income earned from its
investments held directly or posted as margin may reach levels that merit distribution, e.g., at levels where such income is not
necessary to support its underlying investments in Commodity Interests, corn for example, and where investors adversely react to
being taxed on such income without receiving distributions that could be used to pay such tax. Cash distributions may be made in
these and similar instances. 

 A Fund must pay for all brokerage fees,
taxes and other expenses, including licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, registration or other fees paid to the
SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), or any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer
and sale of subsequent Shares, after its initial registration, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated
therewith. Each Fund also pays the fees and expenses associated with the Trust s tax accounting and reporting requirements.
Each Fund, excluding TAGS, is also contractually obligated to pay a management fee to the Sponsor. Such fees may be waived by the
Sponsor at its discretion. Accordingly, each Fund must realize interest income and/or gains on Commodity Interests sufficient to
cover these fees and expenses before it can earn any profit. 

 A Fund may terminate
at any time, regardless of whether the Fund has incurred losses, subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement. For example, the
dissolution or resignation of the Sponsor would cause the Trust to terminate unless shareholders holding a majority of the outstanding
shares of the Trust elect within 90 days of the event to continue the Trust and appoint a successor Sponsor. In addition, the Sponsor
may terminate a Fund if it determines that the Fund s aggregate net assets in relation to its operating expenses make the
continued operation of the Fund unreasonable or imprudent. However, no level of losses will require the Sponsor to terminate a
Fund. The Fund s termination would result in the liquidation of its investments and the distribution of its remaining assets
to the Shareholders on a pro rata basis in accordance with their Shares, and the Fund could incur losses in liquidating its investments
in connection with a termination. Termination could also negatively affect the overall maturity and timing of your investment portfolio. 
Any expenses related to the operation of a Fund would need to be paid by the Fund at the time of termination. 

 To the extent that investors use a Fund
as a means of investing indirectly in a specific Commodity Interest, there is the risk that the changes in the price of the Fund s
Shares on the NYSE Arca will not closely track the changes in spot price of that Commodity Interest. This could happen if the price
of Shares traded on the NYSE Arca does not correlate with the Fund s NAV, if the changes in the Fund s NAV do not correlate
with changes in the Benchmark, or if the changes in the Benchmark do not correlate with changes in the cash or spot price of the
specific Commodity Interest. This is a risk because if these correlations are not sufficiently close, then investors may not be
able to use the Fund as a cost-effective way to invest indirectly in the specific Commodity Interest, or the underlying specific
Commodity Interest in the case of TAGS, or as a hedge against the risk of loss in commodity-related transactions. 

Only an Authorized Purchaser may engage
in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Funds.  The Funds have a limited number of institutions that act
as Authorized Purchasers. To the extent that these institutions exit the business or are unable to proceed with creation and/or
redemption orders with respect to the Funds and no other Authorized Purchaser is able to step forward to create or redeem Creation
Units, Fund shares may trade at a discount to NAV and possibly face trading halts and/or delisting. In addition, a decision
by a market maker or lead market maker to step away from activities for a Fund, particularly in times of market stress, could adversely
affect liquidity, the spread between the bid and ask quotes for the Fund s Shares, and potentially the price of the Shares.
The Sponsor can make no guarantees that participation by Authorized Purchasers or market makers will continue. 

 An investment in a Fund faces numerous
risks from its shares being traded in the secondary market, any of which may lead to the Fund s shares trading at a premium
or discount to NAV.  Although Fund shares are listed for trading on the NYSE Arca, there can be no assurance that an active
trading market for such shares will develop or be maintained.  Trading in Fund shares may be halted due to market conditions
or for reasons that, in the view of the NYSE Arca, make trading in shares inadvisable.  There can be no assurance that the
requirements of the NYSE Arca necessary to maintain the listing of any Fund will continue to be met or will remain unchanged or
that the shares will trade with any volume, or at all. The NAV of each Fund s shares will generally fluctuate with changes
in the market value of the Fund s portfolio holdings.  The market prices of shares will generally fluctuate in accordance
with changes in the Fund s NAV and supply and demand of shares on the NYSE Arca.  It cannot be predicted whether a Fund
shares will trade below, at or above their NAV.  Investors buying or selling Fund shares in the secondary market will pay
brokerage commissions or other charges imposed by brokers as determined by that broker.  Brokerage commissions are often a
fixed amount and may be a significant proportional cost for investors seeking to buy or sell relatively small amounts of shares. 

 None of the Funds are an investment
company subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940. Accordingly, you do not have the protections afforded by that statute, which,
for example, requires investment companies to have a board of directors with a majority of disinterested directors and regulates
the relationship between the investment company and its investment manager. 

 The arrangements between clearing brokers
and counterparties on the one hand and the Funds on the other generally are terminable by the clearing brokers or counterparty
upon notice to the Funds. In addition, the agreements between the Funds and their third-party service providers, such as the Distributor
and the Custodian, are generally terminable at specified intervals. Upon termination, the Sponsor may be required to renegotiate
or make other arrangements for obtaining similar services if the Funds intend to continue to operate. Comparable services from
another party may not be available, or even if available, these services may not be available on the terms as favorable as those
of the expired or terminated arrangements. 

131   

The Sponsor does not employ trading
advisors for the Funds; however, it reserves the right to employ them in the future. The only advisor to the Funds is the Sponsor.
A lack of independent trading advisors may be disadvantageous to the Funds because they will not receive the benefit of their expertise. 

 The Sponsor s trading strategy
is quantitative in nature, and it is possible that the Sponsor will make errors in its implementation. The execution of the quantitative
strategy is subject to human error, such as incorrect inputs into the Sponsor s computer systems and incorrect information
provided to the Funds  clearing brokers. In addition, it is possible that a computer or software program may malfunction
and cause an error in computation. Any failure, inaccuracy or delay in executing the Funds  transactions could affect its
ability to achieve its investment objective. It could also result in decisions to undertake transactions based on inaccurate or
incomplete information. This could cause substantial losses on transactions. The Sponsor is not required to reimburse a Fund for
any costs associated with an error in the placement or execution of a trade in commodity futures interests or shares of the Underlying
Funds.  

 The Funds  trading activities
depend on the integrity and performance of the computer and communications systems supporting them. Extraordinary transaction volume,
hardware or software failure, power or telecommunications failure, a natural disaster or other catastrophe could cause the computer
systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Any significant degradation or failure of the systems that the Sponsor
uses to gather and analyze information, enter orders, process data, monitor risk levels and otherwise engage in trading activities
may result in substantial losses on transactions, liability to other parties, lost profit opportunities, damages to the Sponsor s
and Funds  reputations, increased operational expenses and diversion of technical resources. 

 The development of complex computer
and communications systems and new technologies may render the existing computer and communications systems supporting the Funds 
trading activities obsolete. In addition, these computer and communications systems must be compatible with those of third parties,
such as the systems of exchanges, clearing brokers and the executing brokers. As a result, if these third parties upgrade their
systems, the Sponsor will need to make corresponding upgrades to continue effectively its trading activities. The Funds 
future success may depend on the Funds  ability to respond to changing technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis. 

 The Funds depend on the proper and timely
function of complex computer and communications systems maintained and operated by the futures exchanges, brokers and other data
providers that the Sponsor uses to conduct trading activities. Failure or inadequate performance of any of these systems could
adversely affect the Sponsor s ability to complete transactions, including its ability to close out positions, and result
in lost profit opportunities and significant losses on commodity interest transactions. This could have a material adverse effect
on revenues and materially reduce the Funds  available capital. For example, unavailability of price quotations from third
parties may make it difficult or impossible for the Sponsor to conduct trading activities so that each Fund will closely track
its Benchmark. Unavailability of records from brokerage firms may make it difficult or impossible for the Sponsor to accurately
determine which transactions have been executed or the details, including price and time, of any transaction executed. This unavailability
of information also may make it difficult or impossible for the Sponsor to reconcile its records of transactions with those of
another party or to accomplish settlement of executed transactions. 

 The operations of the Funds, the exchanges,
brokers and counterparties with which the Funds do business, and the markets in which the Funds do business could be severely disrupted
in the event of a major terrorist attack, natural disaster, or the outbreak, continuation or expansion of war or other hostilities.
Global terrorist attacks, anti-terrorism initiatives, and political unrest continue to fuel this concern. 

 Failures or breaches of the electronic
systems of the Funds, the Sponsor, the Custodian or mutual funds or other financial institutions in which the Funds invest, or
the Funds  other service providers, market makers, Authorized Purchasers, NYSE Arca, exchanges on which Futures Contracts
or Other Commodity Interests are traded or cleared, or counterparties have the ability to cause disruptions and negatively impact
the Funds  business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses to a Fund and its shareholders. While the Funds
have established business continuity plans and risk management systems seeking to address system breaches or failures, there are
inherent limitations in such plans and systems. Furthermore, the Funds cannot control the cyber security plans and systems of the
Custodian or mutual funds or other financial institutions in which the Funds invest, or the Funds  other service providers,
market makers, Authorized Purchasers, NYSE Arca, exchanges on which Futures Contracts or Other Commodity Interests are traded or
cleared, or counterparties. 

 The Trust may, in its discretion, suspend
the right to redeem Shares of a Fund or postpone the redemption settlement date: (1) for any period during which an applicable
exchange is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closing, or trading is suspended or restricted; (2) for any period during
which an emergency exists as a result of which delivery, disposal or evaluation of a Fund s assets is not reasonably practicable;
(3) for such other period as the Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of Shareholders; (4) if there is a possibility
that any or all of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts of a Fund on the specific exchange where the Fund is traded and from
which the NAV of the Fund is calculated will be priced at a daily price limit restriction; or (5) if, in the sole discretion of
the Sponsor, the execution of such an order would not be in the best interest of a Fund or its Shareholders. In addition, the Trust
will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the agreement with the Authorized Purchaser or
if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. Any such postponement, suspension or rejection
could adversely affect a redeeming Shareholder. For example, the resulting delay may adversely affect the value of the Shareholder s
redemption proceeds if the NAV of a Fund declines during the period of delay. The Trust Agreement provides that the Sponsor and
its designees will not be liable for any loss or damage that may result from any such suspension or postponement. A minimum number
of baskets and associated Shares are specified for each Fund in its prospectus and in Part I, Item 1 of this document. Once that
minimum number of Shares outstanding is reached, there can be no further redemptions until there has been a Creation Basket. 

 The Intraday Indicative Value ( IIV )
and the Benchmark for each Fund are calculated and disseminated by the NYSE Arca under an agreement between the Sponsor and the
NYSE Arca.  Additionally, information may be calculated and disseminated under similar agreements 

132   

between the Sponsor and other third
party entities.  Although reasonable efforts are taken to ensure the accuracy of the information disseminated under this agreement,
there may, from time to time, be recalculations of previously released information. 

 Third parties may assert that the Sponsor
has infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. Third parties may independently develop business methods,
trademarks or proprietary software and other technology similar to that of the Sponsor and claim that the Sponsor has violated
their intellectual property rights, including their copyrights, trademark rights, trade names, trade secrets and patent rights.
As a result, the Sponsor may have to litigate in the future to determine the validity and scope of other parties  proprietary
rights, or defend itself against claims that it has infringed or otherwise violated other parties  rights. Any litigation
of this type, even if the Sponsor is successful and regardless of the merits, may result in significant costs, may divert resources
from the Fund, or may require the Sponsor to change its proprietary software and other technology or enter into royalty or licensing
agreements. The Sponsor has a patent on certain business methods and procedures used with respect to the Funds. The Sponsor utilizes
certain proprietary software. Any unauthorized use of such proprietary software, business methods and/or procedures could adversely
affect the competitive advantage of the Sponsor or the Funds and/or cause the Sponsor to take legal action to protect its rights. 

 In managing and directing the day-to-day
activities and affairs of these Funds, the Sponsor relies almost entirely on a small number of individuals, including Mr. Sal Gilbertie,
Mr. Dale Riker, Mr. Steve Kahler and Ms. Barbara Riker. If Mr. Gilbertie, Mr. Riker, Mr. Kahler or Ms. Riker were to leave or be
unable to carry out their present responsibilities, it may have an adverse effect on the management of the Funds. To the extent
that the Sponsor establishes additional commodity pools, even greater demands will be placed on these individuals. 

The Sponsor was formed for the purpose of managing
the Trust, including all the Funds, and any other series of the Trust that may be formed in the future, and has been provided with
capital primarily by its principals and a small number of outside investors. If the Sponsor operates at a loss for an extended
period, its capital will be depleted, and it may be unable to obtain additional financing necessary to continue its operations.
If the Sponsor were unable to continue to provide services to these Funds, the Funds would be terminated if a replacement sponsor
could not be found. 

 In 2016, the CFTC is expected to
implement its rules and regulations requiring the posting of margin for over-the-counter transactions. Once these rules are implemented,
it may become more expensive for a Fund to enter into over-the-counter uncleared swaps and options agreements.  

 You cannot be assured that the Sponsor
will be willing or able to continue to service each Fund for any length of time. The Sponsor was formed for the purpose of sponsoring
the Funds and other commodity pools, and has limited financial resources and no significant source of income apart from its management
fees from such commodity pools to support its continued service for each Fund. If the Sponsor discontinues its activities on behalf
of a Fund, the Fund may be adversely affected. If the Sponsor s registrations with the CFTC or memberships in the NFA were
revoked or suspended, the Sponsor would no longer be able to provide services to the Funds. 

The
Sponsor May Have Conflicts of Interest   

 The structure and operation of the Funds
may involve conflicts of interest. For example, a conflict may arise because the Sponsor and its principals and affiliates may
trade for themselves. In addition, the Sponsor has sole current authority to manage the investments and operations, and the interests
of the Sponsor may conflict with the Shareholders  best interests, including the authority of the Sponsor to allocate expenses
to and between the Funds.  

   The Performance of Each Fund May
Not Correlate with the Applicable Benchmark   

 Each Fund has a limited operating history,
so there is limited performance history to serve as a basis for you to evaluate an investment in the Fund. 

 If a Fund is required to sell Treasury
Securities or cash equivalents at a price lower than the price at which they were acquired, the Fund will experience a loss. This
loss may adversely impact the price of the Shares and may decrease the correlation between the price of the Shares, the Benchmark,
and the spot price of the specific commodity interest or the commodity interests of the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS. The
value of Treasury Securities and other debt securities generally moves inversely with movements in interest rates. The prices of
longer maturity securities are subject to greater market fluctuations as a result of changes in interest rates. While the short-term
nature of a Fund s investments in Treasury Securities and cash equivalents should minimize the interest rate risk to which
the Fund is subject, it is possible that the Treasury Securities and cash equivalents held by the Fund will decline in value. 

 The Sponsor s trading system is
quantitative in nature, and it is possible that the Sponsor may make errors. In addition, it is possible that a computer or software
program may malfunction and cause an error in computation. 

 Increases in assets under management
may affect trading decisions. While all of the Funds  assets are currently at manageable levels, the Sponsor does not intend
to limit the amount of any Fund s assets. The more assets the Sponsor manages, the more difficult it may be for it to trade
profitably because of the difficulty of trading larger positions without adversely affecting prices and performance and of managing
risk associated with larger positions. 

 Each Fund seeks to have the changes
in its Shares  NAV in percentage terms track changes in the Benchmark in percentage terms, rather than profit from speculative
trading of the specific Commodity Interests, or the commodity interests of the Underlying Funds in the case of TAGS. 

133   

The Sponsor therefore endeavors to manage
each Fund so that the Fund s assets are, unlike those of many other commodity pools, not leveraged (i.e., so that the aggregate
amount of the Fund s exposure to losses from its investments in specific Commodity Interests at any time will not exceed
the value of the Fund s assets). There is no assurance that the Sponsor will successfully implement this investment strategy.
If the Sponsor permits a Fund to become leveraged, you could lose all or substantially all of your investment if the Fund s
trading positions suddenly turns unprofitable. These movements in price may be the result of factors outside of the Sponsor s
control and may not be anticipated by the Sponsor. 

 The Sponsor cannot predict to what extent
the performance of the commodity interest will or will not correlate to the performance of other broader asset classes such as
stocks and bonds. If the performance of a specific Fund were to move more directly with the financial markets, an investment in
the Fund may provide you little or no diversification benefits. Thus, in a declining market, the Fund may have no gains to offset
your losses from other investments, and you may suffer losses on your investment in the Fund at the same time you may incur losses
with respect to other asset classes. Variables such as drought, floods, weather, embargoes, tariffs and other political events
may have a larger impact on commodity and Commodity Interests prices than on traditional securities and broader financial markets.
These additional variables may create additional investment risks that subject a Fund s investments to greater volatility
than investments in traditional securities. Lower correlation should not be confused with negative correlation, where the performance
of two asset classes would be opposite of each other. There is no historic evidence that the spot price of a specific commodity,
corn, for example, and prices of other financial assets, such as stocks and bonds, are negatively correlated. In the absence of
negative correlation, a Fund cannot be expected to be automatically profitable during unfavorable periods for the stock market,
or vice versa. 

 Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee
and the Sponsor are not liable, and have the right to be indemnified, for any liability or expense incurred absent gross negligence
or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee or Sponsor, as the case may be. That means the Sponsor may require the assets
of a Fund to be sold in order to cover losses or liability suffered by the Sponsor or by the Trustee. Any sale of that kind would
reduce the NAV of the Fund and the value of its Shares. 

 The Shares of a Fund are limited liability
investments; Shareholders may not lose more than the amount that they invest plus any profits recognized on their investment. However,
Shareholders could be required, as a matter of bankruptcy law, to return to the estate of the Fund any distribution they received
at a time when the Fund was in fact insolvent or in violation of its Trust Agreement. 

The price relationship between the near
month Commodity Futures Contract to expire and the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts for each Fund, or the Underlying Funds
in the case of TAGS, will vary and may impact both a Fund s total return over time and the degree to which such total return
tracks the total return of the specific commodity price indices. In cases in which the near month contract s price is lower
than later-expiring contracts  prices (a situation known as  contango  in the futures markets), then absent the
impact of the overall movement in the commodity specific prices the value of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts would tend
to decline as they approach expiration which could cause the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, and therefore the Fund s
total return, to track lower. In cases in which the near month contract s price is higher than later-expiring contracts 
prices (a situation known as  backwardation  in the futures markets), then absent the impact of the overall movement
in commodity specific prices, the value of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts would tend to rise as they approach expiration.  

 While it is expected that the
trading prices of the Shares will fluctuate in accordance with the changes in a Fund s NAV, the prices of Shares may
also be influenced by various market factors, including but not limited to, the number of shares of the Fund outstanding and
the liquidity of the underlying contracts.  There is no guarantee that the Shares will not trade at appreciable discounts from,
and/or premiums to, the Fund s NAV.  This could cause the changes in the price of the Shares to substantially vary
from the changes in the spot price of the underlying commodity, even if a Fund s NAV was closely tracking movements in
the spot price of that commodity.  If this occurs, you may incur a partial or complete loss of your
investment.  

 Investors, including those who directly
participate in the specific commodity market, may choose to use a Fund as a vehicle to hedge against the risk of loss, and there
are risks involved in hedging activities. While hedging can provide protection against an adverse movement in market prices, it
can also preclude a hedger s opportunity to benefit from a favorable market movement. 

 While it is not the current intention
of the Funds to take physical delivery of any Commodity under its Commodity Interests, Commodity Futures Contracts are traditionally
physically-deliverable contracts, and, unless a position was traded out of, it is possible to take or make delivery under these
and some Other Commodity Interests. Storage costs associated with purchasing the specific commodity could result in costs and other
liabilities that could impact the value of the Commodity Futures Contracts or certain Other Commodity Interests. Storage costs
include the time value of money invested in the physical commodity plus the actual costs of storing the commodity less any benefits
from ownership that are not obtained by the holder of a futures contract. In general, Commodity Futures Contracts have a one-month
delay for contract delivery and the pricing of back month contracts (the back month is any future delivery month other than the
spot month) includes storage costs. To the extent that these storage costs change for the commodity while a Fund holds the Commodity
Interests, the value of the Commodity Interests, and therefore the Fund s NAV, may change as well. 

 The design of each Fund s Benchmark
is such that the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts change throughout the year, and the Fund s investments must be rolled
periodically to reflect the changing composition of the Benchmark. For example, when the second-to-expire Commodity Futures Contract
becomes the first-to-expire contract, such contract will no longer be a Benchmark Component Futures Contract and the Fund s
position in it will no longer be consistent with tracking the Benchmark. In the event of a commodity futures market where near-to-expire
contracts trade at a higher price than longer-to-expire contracts, a situation referred to as  backwardation,  then
absent the impact of the overall movement in the specific commodity prices of the Fund, the value of the Benchmark Component Futures
Contracts would tend to 

134   

rise as they approach expiration. As
a result, a Fund may benefit because it would be selling more expensive contracts and buying less expensive ones on an ongoing
basis. Conversely, using corn as an example, in the event of a corn futures market where near-to-expire contracts trade at a lower
price than longer-to-expire contracts, a situation referred to as  contango,  then absent the impact of the overall
movement in corn prices the value of the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts would tend to decline as they approach expiration.
As a result, the Fund s total return may be lower than might otherwise be the case because it would be selling less expensive
contracts and buying more expensive ones. The impact of backwardation and contango may lead the total return of a Fund to vary
significantly from the total return of other price references, such as the spot price of the specific commodity. In the event of
a prolonged period of contango, and absent the impact of rising or falling specific commodity prices, this could have a significant
negative impact on a Fund s NAV and total return. 

 The Sponsor may use spreads and straddles
as part of its overall trading strategy to closely follow the Benchmark.  There is a risk that a Fund s NAV may not
closely track the change in its Benchmark. Spreads combine simultaneous long and short positions in related futures contracts that
differ by commodity, by market or by delivery month (for example, long April, short November).  Spreads gain or lose value
as a result of relative changes in price between the long and short positions.  Spreads often reduce risk to investors because
the contracts tend to move up or down together.  However, both legs of the spread could move against an investor simultaneously,
in which case the spread would lose value.  Certain types of spreads may face unlimited risk, e.g., because the price of a
futures contract underlying a short position can increase by an unlimited amount and the investor would have to take delivery or
offset at that price. A commodity straddle takes both long and short option position in the same commodity in the same market and
delivery month simultaneously.  The buyer of a straddle profits if either the long or the short leg of the straddle moves
further than the combined cost of both options.  The seller of the straddle profits if both the long and short positions do
not trade beyond a range equal to the combined premium for selling both options. If the Sponsor were to utilize a spread or
straddle position and the position performed differently than expected, the results could impact that Fund s tracking error. 
This could affect the Fund s investment objective of having its NAV closely track the Benchmark.  Additionally, a loss
on the position would negatively impact the Fund s absolute return. 

 Position limits and daily price fluctuation
limits set by the CFTC and the exchanges have the potential to cause tracking error, which could cause the price of Shares of the
Fund to substantially vary from the Benchmark and prevent you from being able to effectively use the Fund as a way to hedge against
underlying commodity-related losses or as a way to indirectly invest in the underlying commodity. 

   The
Trust Structure and the Trust Agreement Provide Limited Shareholder Rights   

 You will have no rights to participate
in the management of any of the Funds and will have to rely on the duties and judgment of the Sponsor to manage the Funds. 

 As interests in separate series of a Delaware
statutory trust, the Shares do not involve the rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a corporation (including,
for example, the right to bring shareholder oppression and derivative actions). In addition, the Shares have limited voting and
distribution rights (for example, Shareholders do not have the right to elect directors, as the Trust does not have a board of
directors, and generally will not receive regular distributions of the net income and capital gains earned by the Fund). The Funds
are also not subject to certain investor protection provisions of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the NYSE Arca governance rules
(for example, audit committee requirements).  

 Each Fund is a series of a Delaware
statutory trust and not itself a legal entity separate from the other Funds.  The Delaware Statutory Trust Act provides
that if certain provisions are included in the formation and governing documents of a statutory trust organized in series and if
separate and distinct records are maintained for any series and the assets associated with that series are held in separate and
distinct records and are accounted for in such separate and distinct records separately from the other assets of the statutory
trust, or any series thereof, then the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred by a particular series are enforceable
against the assets of such series only, and not against the assets of the statutory trust generally or any other series thereof.  Conversely,
none of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred with respect to any other series thereof is enforceable against
the assets of such series.  The Sponsor is not aware of any court case that has interpreted this inter-series limitation
on liability or provided any guidance as to what is required for compliance.  The Sponsor intends to maintain separate
and distinct records for each Fund and account for each Fund separately from any other Trust series, but it is possible a court
could conclude that the methods used do not satisfy the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, which would potentially expose assets in
any Fund to the liabilities of one or more of the Funds and/or any other Trust series created in the future. 

 Neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee
is obligated to, although each may, in its respective discretion, prosecute any action, suit or other proceeding in respect of
any Fund property. The Trust Agreement does not confer upon Shareholders the right to prosecute any such action, suit or other
proceeding. 

Rapidly Changing Regulation May Adversely
Affect the Ability of the Funds to Meet Their Investment Objectives   

 The regulation of futures markets, futures
contracts, and futures exchanges has historically been comprehensive. The CFTC and the exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary
actions in the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits,
increased margin requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading on an exchange or a trading
facility. 

 The regulation of commodity interest
transactions in the United States is a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and
judicial action. Subsequent to the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010, swap agreements became fully regulated by the CFTC under
the amended Commodity Exchange Act and the CFTC's regulations thereunder. Considerable regulatory attention has been 

135   

focused on non-traditional investment
pools that are publicly distributed in the United States and that use trading in futures and options as an investment strategy
and not for hedging or price discovery purposes, therefore altering traditional participation in futures and swaps markets.
As the Dodd-Frank Act continues to be implemented by the CFTC and the SEC, there is a possibility of future regulatory changes
within the United States altering, perhaps to a material extent, the nature of an investment in the Funds, or the ability of a
Fund to continue to implement its investment strategy. In addition, various national governments outside of the United States have
expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in the commodities markets and the need to regulate the
derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible to predict but could be substantial
and adverse. 

 Further, as the CFTC and the NFA continue
implementing the Dodd-Frank Act, together with the SEC and FINRA, it is likely that regulations applicable to commodity
pools, commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors may change in the future. These regulatory changes may affect
continued operation of the Funds. For additional information regarding recent regulatory developments that may impact the Funds
or the Trust, refer to the section entitled  Regulatory Considerations  section of this document. 

   There Is No Assurance that There
Will Be a Liquid Market for the Shares of the Funds or the Funds  Underlying Investments, which May Mean that Shareholders
May Not be Able to Sell Their Shares at a Market Price Relatively Close to the NAV   

 If a substantial number of requests
for redemption of Redemption Baskets are received by a Fund during a relatively short period of time, the Fund may not be able
to satisfy the requests from the Fund s assets not committed to trading. As a consequence, it could be necessary to liquidate
the Fund s trading positions before the time that its trading strategies would otherwise call for liquidation. 

 A portion of a Fund s investments
could be illiquid, which could cause large losses to investors at any time or from time to time. 

 A Fund may not always be able to liquidate
its positions in its investments at the desired price. As to futures contracts, it may be difficult to execute a trade at a specific
price when there is a relatively small volume of buy and sell orders in a market. Limits imposed by futures exchanges or other
regulatory organizations, such as accountability levels, position limits and price fluctuation limits, may contribute to a lack
of liquidity with respect to some exchange-traded commodity Interests. In addition, over-the-counter contracts may be illiquid
because they are contracts between two parties and generally may not be transferred by one party to a third party without the counterparty s
consent. Conversely, a counterparty may give its consent, but the Fund still may not be able to transfer an over-the-counter Commodity
Interest to a third party due to concerns regarding the counterparty s credit risk. 

The exchanges
set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.  The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount
that the price of futures contracts may vary either up or down from the previous day s settlement price.  Once the daily
price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit.  

 On March 12, 2014, the CME announced
that, subject to CFTC approval, it would replace its fixed price fluctuation limits with variable price limits. The change was
approved and went into effect May 1, 2014. Using corn as an example, this change amended Appendix A, Chapter 10 (Corn Futures),
Section 10102.D (Trading Specifications   Daily Price Limits) to read as follows: 

 Daily price limits for Corn
futures are reset every six months. The first reset date would be the first trading day in May based on the following: Daily settlement
prices are collected for the nearest July contract over 45 consecutive trading days before and on the business day prior to April
16th. The average price is calculated based on the collected settlement prices and then multiplied by seven percent. The resulting
number rounded to the nearest 5 cents per bushel, or 20 cents per bushel, whichever is higher will be the new initial price limits
for Corn futures and will become effective on the first trading day in May and will remain in effect through the last trading day
in October. 

 The second reset date would
be the first trading day in November based on the following: Daily settlement prices are collected for the nearest December contract
over 45 consecutive trading days before and on the business day prior to October 16th. The average price is calculated based on
the collected settlement prices and then multiplied by seven percent. The resulting number, rounded to the nearest 5 cents per
bushel, or 20 cents per bushel, whichever is higher, will be the new initial price limits for Corn futures and will become effective
on the first trading day in November and will remain in effect through the last trading day in next April. 

 There shall be no trading
in Corn futures at a price more than the initial price limit above or below the previous day s settlement price. Should two
or more Corn futures contract months within the first five listed non-spot contracts (or the remaining contract month in a crop
year, which is the September contract) settle at limit, the daily price limits for all contract months shall increase by 50 percent
the next business day, rounded up to the nearest 5 cents per bushel. If no Corn futures contract month settles at the expanded
limit the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert back to the initial price limit the following
business day. There shall be no price limits on the current month contract on or after the second business day preceding the first
day of the delivery month. 

 A market disruption, such as a foreign
government taking political actions that disrupt the market in its currency, its commodity production or exports, or in another
major export, can also make it difficult to liquidate a position. Unexpected market illiquidity may cause major losses to investors
at any time or from time to time. In addition, no Fund intends at this time to establish a credit facility, which would provide
an additional source of liquidity, but instead will rely only on the Treasury Securities, cash and/or cash equivalents that it
holds to meet its liquidity 

136   

needs. The anticipated large value of
the positions in a specific Commodity Interest that the Sponsor will acquire or enter into for a Fund increases the risk of illiquidity.
Because Commodity Interests may be illiquid, a Fund s holdings may be more difficult to liquidate at favorable prices in
periods of illiquid markets and losses may be incurred during the period in which positions are being liquidated. 

A Fund may invest in Other Commodity Interests.
To the extent that these Other Commodity Interests are contracts individually negotiated between their parties, they may not be
as liquid as Commodity Futures Contracts and will expose the Fund to credit risk that its counterparty may not be able to satisfy
its obligations to the Fund. 

The changing nature of the participants in
the commodity specific market will influence whether futures prices are above or below the expected future spot price. Producers
of the specific commodity will typically seek to hedge against falling commodity prices by selling Commodity Futures Contracts.
Therefore, if commodity producers become the predominant hedgers in the futures market, prices of Commodity Futures Contracts will
typically be below expected future spot prices. Conversely, if the predominant hedgers in the futures market are the purchasers
of the commodity, who purchase Commodity Futures Contracts to hedge against a rise in prices, prices of the Commodity Futures Contracts
will likely be higher than expected future spot prices. This can have significant implications for a Fund when it is time to sell
a Commodity Futures Contract that is no longer a Benchmark Component Futures Contract and purchase a new Commodity Futures Contract
or to sell a Commodity Futures Contract to meet redemption requests. A Fund may invest in Other Commodity Interests. To the extent
that these Other Commodity Interests are contracts individually negotiated between their parties, they may not be as liquid as
Commodity Futures Contracts and will expose the Fund to credit risk that its counterparty may not be able to satisfy its obligations
to the Fund. 

A Fund s NAV includes, in part,
any unrealized profits or losses on open swap agreements, futures or forward contracts. Under normal circumstances, the NAV reflects
the quoted exchange settlement price of open futures contracts on the date when the NAV is being calculated. In instances when
the quoted settlement price of a futures contract traded on an exchange may not be reflective of fair value based on market condition,
generally due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange or otherwise, the NAV may not reflect the fair value
of open future contracts on such date. For purposes of financial statements and reports, the Sponsor will recalculate the NAV where
necessary to reflect the  fair value  of a Futures Contract when the Futures Contract closes at its price fluctuation
limit for the day. 

 In the event that one or more Authorized
Purchasers that are actively involved in purchasing and selling Shares cease to be so involved, the liquidity of the Shares will
likely decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of the Shares and result in your incurring a loss on your investment. 
In addition, a decision by a market maker or lead market maker to cease activities for the Fund could adversely affect liquidity,
the spread between the bid and ask quotes, and potentially the price of the Shares.  The Sponsor can make no guarantees that
participation by Authorized Purchasers or market makers will continue. 

 If a minimum number of Shares is outstanding
for a Fund, market makers may be less willing to purchase Shares of that Fund in the secondary market which may limit your ability
to sell Shares. There are a minimum number of baskets and associated Shares specified for each Fund. Once the minimum number of
baskets is reached, there can be no more redemptions by an Authorized Purchaser of that Fund until there has been a Creation Basket.
In such case, market makers may be less willing to purchase Shares of that Fund from investors in the secondary market, which may
in turn limit the ability of Shareholders of that Fund to sell their Shares in the secondary market. 

 Trading in Shares of a Fund may be halted
due to market conditions or, in light of NYSE Arca rules and procedures, for reasons that, in the view of the NYSE Arca, make trading
in Shares inadvisable.  In addition, trading is subject to trading halts caused by extraordinary market volatility pursuant
to  circuit breaker  rules that require trading to be halted for a specified period based on a specified market decline. 
There can be no assurance that the requirements necessary to maintain the listing of the Shares will continue to be met or will
remain unchanged.  A Fund will be terminated if its Shares are delisted. 

   There is Credit Risk Associated
with the Operation of the Funds, Service Providers and Counter-Parties Which May Cause an Investment Loss   

 For all of the Funds except for TAGS,
the majority of each Fund s assets are held in short-term Treasury Securities, cash and/or cash equivalents with the Custodian
or with one or more alternate financial institutions unrelated to the Custodian (each, a  Financial Institution ).
Any cash or cash equivalents invested by a Fund will be rated in the highest short-term rating category by a nationally recognized
statistical rating organization or will be deemed by the Sponsor to be of comparable quality.  

 The insolvency of the Custodian or any
Financial Institution in which funds are deposited could result in a complete loss of a Fund s assets held by the Custodian
or the Financial Institution, which, at any given time, would likely comprise a substantial portion of a Fund s total assets.
Assets deposited with the Custodian or a Financial Institution will generally exceed federally insured limits. For TAGS, the vast
majority of the Fund s assets are held in Shares of the Underlying Funds. The failure or insolvency of the Custodian or the
Financial Institution could impact the ability to access in a timely manner TAGS  assets held by the Custodian. 

 Under CFTC regulations, a clearing broker
with respect to a Fund s exchange-traded Commodity Interests must maintain customers  assets in a bulk segregated account.
If a clearing broker fails to do so, or is unable to satisfy a substantial deficit in a customer account, its other customers may
be subject to risk of a substantial loss of their funds in the event of that clearing broker s bankruptcy. In that event,
the clearing broker s customers, such as a Fund, are entitled to recover, even in respect of property specifically traceable
to them, only a proportional share of all property available for distribution to all of that clearing broker s customers.
A Fund also may be subject to the risk of the failure of, or delay in performance by, any exchanges and markets and their clearing
organizations, if any, on which Commodity Interests are traded. From time to 

137   

time, the clearing brokers may be subject
to legal or regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their business. A clearing broker s involvement in costly or
time-consuming legal proceedings may divert financial resources or personnel away from the clearing broker s trading operations,
which could impair the clearing broker s ability to successfully execute and clear a Fund s trades. For additional
information regarding recent regulatory developments that may impact the Funds or the Trust, refer to the section entitled  Regulatory
Considerations  section of this document. 

 Commodity pools  trading positions
in futures contracts or other commodity interests are typically required to be secured by the deposit of margin funds that represent
only a small percentage of a futures contract s (or other commodity interest s) entire market value. This feature permits
commodity pools to  leverage  their assets by purchasing or selling futures contracts (or other commodity interests)
with an aggregate notional amount in excess of the commodity pool s assets. While this leverage can increase a pool s
profits, relatively small adverse movements in the price of a pool s commodity interests can cause significant losses to
the pool. While the Sponsor does not intend to leverage the Funds  assets, it is not prohibited from doing so under the Trust
Agreement. If the Sponsor were to cause or permit a Fund to become leveraged, you could lose all or substantially all of your investment
if the Fund s trading positions suddenly turns unprofitable. 

An  exchange for related position 
( EFRP ) can be used by the Fund as a technique to facilitate the exchanging of a futures hedge position against a
creation or redemption order, and thus the Fund may use an EFRP transaction in connection with the creation and redemption of shares.
The market specialist/market maker that is the ultimate purchaser or seller of shares in connection with the creation or redemption
basket, respectively, agrees to sell or purchase a corresponding offsetting futures position which is then settled on the same
business day as a cleared futures transaction by the FCMs.  The Fund will become subject to the credit risk of the market
specialist/market maker until the EFRP is settled or terminated.  The Fund reports all activity related to EFRP transactions
under the procedures and guidelines of the CFTC and the exchanges on which the futures are traded. EFRPs are subject to specific
rules of the CME and CFTC guidance. It is likely that EFRP mechanisms will be subject to changes in the future which may make
it uneconomical or impossible from the regulatory perspective to utilize this mechanism by the Funds.  

A portion of the Fund s assets may be
used to trade over-the-counter Commodity Interests, such as forward contracts or swaps. Currently, over-the-counter contracts are
typically traded on a principal-to-principal non-cleared basis through dealer markets that are dominated by major money center
and investment banks and other institutions and that prior to the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act had been essentially unregulated
by the CFTC, although this is an area of pending, substantial regulatory change. The markets for over-the-counter contracts will
continue to rely upon the integrity of market participants in lieu of the additional regulation imposed by the CFTC on participants
in the futures markets. To date, the forward markets have been largely unregulated, except for anti-manipulation and anti-fraud
prohibitions, forward contracts have been executed bi-laterally and, in general historically, forward contracts have not been cleared
or guaranteed by a third party. On November 16, 2012, the Secretary of the Treasury issued a final determination that exempts both
foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards from the definition of  swap  and, by extension, additional regulatory
requirements (such as clearing and margin). The final determination does not extend to other FX derivatives, such as FX options,
certain currency swaps, and non-deliverable forwards. While the Dodd-Frank Act and certain regulations adopted thereunder are intended
to provide additional protections to participants in the over-the-counter market, the lack of regulation in these markets could
expose the Fund in certain circumstances to significant losses in the event of trading abuses or financial failure by participants.
While increased regulation of over-the-counter Commodity Interests is likely to result from changes that are required to be effectuated
by the Dodd-Frank Act, there is no guarantee that such increased regulation will be effective to reduce these risks.  

 Each Fund faces the risk of non-performance
by the counterparties to the over-the-counter contracts. Unlike in futures contracts, the counterparty to these contracts is generally
a single bank or other financial institution, rather than a clearing organization backed by a group of financial institutions.
As a result, there will be greater counterparty credit risk in these transactions. A counterparty may not be able to meet its obligations
to a Fund, in which case the Fund could suffer significant losses on these contracts. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise
fails to perform its obligations due to financial difficulties, a Fund may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery
in a bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding. During any such period, the Fund may have difficulty in determining the value
of its contracts with the counterparty, which in turn could result in the overstatement or understatement of the Fund s NAV.
The Fund may eventually obtain only limited recovery or no recovery in such circumstances. 

 Over-the-counter contracts may have terms
that make them less marketable than Futures Contracts. Over-the-counter contracts are less marketable because they are not traded
on an exchange, do not have uniform terms and conditions, and are entered into based upon the creditworthiness of the parties and
the availability of credit support, such as collateral, and in general, they are not transferable without the consent of the counterparty.
These conditions make such contracts less liquid than standardized futures contracts traded on a commodities exchange and diminish
the ability to realize the full value of such contracts. In addition, even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit
risk, sudden changes in the value of over-the-counter transactions may leave a party open to financial risk due to a counterparty
default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction in such situations. In general, valuing
OTC derivatives is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange traded futures contracts and
securities because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually
negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while
market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC contracts, they typically
are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult
to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction.  

138   

There are Risks Associated with
Trading in International Markets   

 A significant portion of the Futures
Contracts entered into by the Funds is traded on United States exchanges.  However, a portion of the Funds  trades
may take place on markets or exchanges outside the United States.  Some non-U.S. markets present risks because they are
not subject to the same degree of regulation as their U.S. counterparts.  None of the CFTC, NFA, or any domestic exchange
regulates activities of any foreign boards of trade or exchanges, including the execution, delivery and clearing of transactions,
nor has the power to compel enforcement of the rules of a foreign board of trade or exchange or of any applicable non-U.S. laws.  Similarly,
the rights of market participants, such as the Funds, in the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a non-U.S. market or broker
are also likely to be more limited than in the case of U.S. markets or brokers.  As a result, in these markets, the Funds
have less legal and regulatory protection than it does when they trade domestically. Currently the Funds do not place trades on
any markets or exchanges outside of the United States and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. In some of these
non-U.S. markets, the performance on a futures contract is the responsibility of the counterparty and is not backed by an exchange
or clearing corporation and therefore exposes the Funds to credit risk.  Additionally, trading on non-U.S. exchanges
is subject to the risks presented by exchange controls, expropriation, increased tax burdens and exposure to local economic declines
and political instability.  An adverse development with respect to any of these variables could reduce the profit or
increase the loss earned on trades in the affected international markets. 

The price
of any non-U.S. Commodity Interest and, therefore, the potential profit and loss on such investment, may be affected by any variance
in the foreign exchange rate between the time the order is placed and the time it is liquidated, offset or exercised. As a result,
changes in the value of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar may cause losses to a Fund even if the contract is profitable.
The Funds invest primarily in Commodity Interests that are traded or sold in the United States. However, a portion of the trades
for a Fund may take place in markets and on exchanges outside the United States. Some non-U.S. markets present risks because they
are not subject to the same degree of regulation as their U.S. counterparts. In some of these non-U.S. markets, the performance
on a contract is the responsibility of the counterparty and is not backed by an exchange or clearing corporation and therefore
exposes a Fund to credit risk. Trading in non-U.S. markets also leaves a Fund susceptible to fluctuations in the value of the local
currency against the U.S. dollar. 

 The CFTC's implementation of its
regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act may further affect the ability of the Funds to enter into foreign exchange contracts and to
hedge its exposure to foreign exchange loss. 

 Some non-U.S. exchanges also may be
in a more developmental stage so that prior price histories may not be indicative of current price dynamics. In addition, a Fund
may not have the same access to certain positions on foreign trading exchanges as do local traders, and the historical market data
on which the Sponsor bases its strategies may not be as reliable or accessible as it is for U.S. exchanges. 

   The Funds are Treated as Partnerships
for Tax Purposes which Means that There May be a Lack of Certainty as to Tax Treatment for an Investor s Gains and Losses   

 Cash or property will be distributed
at the sole discretion of the Sponsor, and the Sponsor currently does not intend to make cash or other distributions with respect
to Shares. You will be required to pay U.S. federal income tax and, in some cases, state, local, or foreign income tax, on your
allocable share of a Fund s taxable income, without regard to whether you receive distributions or the amount of any distributions.
Therefore, the tax liability resulting from your ownership of Shares may exceed the amount of cash or value of property (if any)
distributed. 

 Due to the application of the assumptions
and conventions applied by a Fund in making allocations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and other factors, your allocable
share of the Fund s income, gain, deduction or loss may be different than your economic profit or loss from your Shares for
a taxable year. This difference could be temporary or permanent and, if permanent, could result in your being taxed on amounts
in excess of your economic income. 

 The Funds are treated as partnerships
for United States federal income tax purposes. The U.S. tax rules pertaining to entities taxed as partnerships are complex and
their application to publicly traded partnerships such as the Funds are in many respects uncertain. The Funds apply certain assumptions
and conventions in an attempt to comply with the intent of the applicable rules and to report taxable income, gains, deductions,
losses and credits in a manner that properly reflects Shareholders  economic gains and losses. These assumptions and conventions
may not fully comply with all aspects of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ) and applicable Treasury Regulations,
however, and it is possible that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) will successfully challenge our allocation
methods and require us to reallocate items of income, gain, deduction, loss or credit in a manner that adversely affects you. If
this occurs, you may be required to file an amended tax return and to pay additional taxes plus deficiency interest.  

 The Trust has received an opinion of counsel
that, under current U.S. federal income tax laws, the Funds will be treated as partnerships that are not taxable as corporations
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that (i) at least 90 percent of each Fund s annual gross income consists of
 qualifying income  as defined in the Code, (ii) the Funds are organized and operated in accordance with its governing
agreements and applicable law, and (iii) the Funds do not elect to be taxed as corporations for federal income tax purposes. Although
the Sponsor anticipates that the Funds have satisfied and will continue to satisfy the  qualifying income  requirement
for all of its taxable years, that result cannot be assured. The Funds have not requested and will not request any ruling from
the IRS with respect to its classification as partnerships not taxable as corporations for federal income tax purposes. If the
IRS were to successfully assert that the Funds are taxable as corporations for federal income tax purposes in any taxable year,
rather than passing through its income, gains, losses and deductions proportionately to Shareholders, each Fund would be subject
to tax on its net income for the year at corporate tax rates. In addition, although the Sponsor does not currently intend to make
distributions with respect to Shares, any distributions would be taxable to Shareholders as dividend income. Taxation of the Funds
as corporations could materially reduce the after-tax return on an investment in Shares and could substantially reduce the value
of your Shares. 

139   

Risks Specific to the Teucrium
Corn Fund   

 Investors may choose to use the Fund
as a means of investing indirectly in corn, and there are risks involved in such investments. The risks and hazards that are inherent
in corn production may cause the price of corn to fluctuate widely. Price movements for corn are influenced by, among other things:
weather conditions, crop failure, production decisions, governmental policies, changing demand, the corn harvest cycle, and various
economic and monetary events. Corn production is also subject to U.S. federal, state and local regulations that materially affect
operations. 

 The price movements for corn are influenced
by, among other things, weather conditions, crop disease, transportation difficulties, various planting, growing and harvesting
problems, governmental policies, changing demand, and seasonal fluctuations in supply. More generally, commodity prices may be
influenced by economic and monetary events such as changes in interest rates, changes in balances of payments and trade, U.S. and
international inflation rates, currency valuations and devaluations, U.S. and international economic events, and changes in the
philosophies and emotions of market participants. Because the Fund invests primarily in interests in a single commodity, it is
not a diversified investment vehicle, and therefore may be subject to greater volatility than a diversified portfolio of stocks
or bonds or a more diversified commodity pool. 

 The Fund is subject to the risks and
hazards of the corn market because it invests in Corn Interests. The risks and hazards that are inherent in the corn market may
cause the price of corn to fluctuate widely. If the changes in percentage terms of the Fund s Shares accurately track the
percentage changes in the Benchmark or the spot price of corn, then the price of its Shares will fluctuate accordingly. 

 The price and availability of corn is
influenced by economic and industry conditions, including but not limited to supply and demand factors such as: crop disease and
infestation (including, but not limited to, Leaf Blight, Ear Rot and Root Rot); transportation difficulties; various planting,
growing, or harvesting problems; and severe weather conditions (particularly during the spring planting season and the fall harvest)
such as drought, floods, or frost that are difficult to anticipate and which cannot be controlled. Demand for corn in the United
States to produce ethanol has also been a significant factor affecting the price of corn. In turn, demand for ethanol has
tended to increase when the price of gasoline has increased, and has been significantly affected by United States governmental
policies designed to encourage the production of ethanol. Recent changes in government policy have the potential to reduce the
demand for ethanol over the next several years. Additionally, demand for corn is affected by changes in consumer tastes, national,
regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends. Finally, because corn is often used as an ingredient in livestock
feed, demand for corn is subject to risks associated with the outbreak of livestock disease. 

 Corn production is subject to United
States federal, state, and local policies and regulations that materially affect operations. Governmental policies affecting the
agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, acreage control, and import and export restrictions
on agricultural commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop
production, the volume and types of imports and exports, the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials, and
industry profitability. Additionally, corn production is affected by laws and regulations relating to, but not limited to, the
sourcing, transporting, storing, and processing of agricultural raw materials as well as the transporting, storing and distributing
of related agricultural products. U.S. corn producers also must comply with various environmental laws and regulations, such as
those regulating the use of certain pesticides, and local laws that regulate the production of genetically modified crops. In addition,
international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries
or regions. 

 Seasonal fluctuations in the price of
corn may cause risk to an investor because of the possibility that Share prices will be depressed because of the corn harvest cycle.
In the United States, the corn market is normally at its weakest point, and corn prices are lowest, shortly before and during the
harvest (between September and November), due to the high supply of corn in the market. Conversely, corn prices are generally highest
during the winter and spring (between December and May), when farmer-owned corn has largely been sold and used. Seasonal corn market
peaks generally occur after planting is complete in May or June, and again as harvest begins around August. These normal market
conditions are, however, often influenced by weather patterns, and domestic and global economic conditions, among others factors,
and any specific year may not necessarily follow the traditional seasonal fluctuations described above. In the futures market,
these seasonal fluctuations are typically reflected in contracts expiring in the relevant season (e.g., contracts expiring during
the harvest season are typically priced lower than contracts expiring in the winter and spring). Thus, seasonal fluctuations could
result in an investor incurring losses upon the sale of Fund Shares, particularly if the investor needs to sell Shares when the
Benchmark Component Futures Contracts are, in whole or part, Corn Futures Contracts expiring in the fall. 

 The CFTC and U.S. designated contract
markets such as the CBOT have established position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests
that any person or group of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by the Fund is not)
may hold, own or control. For example, the current position limit for investments at any one time in Corn Futures Contracts are
600 spot month contracts, 33,000 contracts expiring in any other single month, and 33,000 total for all months However, under rules
proposed by the CFTC, Corn Futures Contracts, and over-the-counter corn contracts will be subject to a single position limit. These
position limits are fixed ceilings that the Fund would not be able to exceed without specific CFTC authorization.  

 All of these limits may potentially
cause a tracking error between the price of the Shares and the Benchmark. This may in turn prevent you from being able to effectively
use the Fund as a way to hedge against corn-related losses or as a way to indirectly invest in corn. 

The Fund does not intend to limit the size
of the offering and will attempt to expose substantially all of its proceeds to the corn market utilizing Corn Interests. If the
Fund encounters position limits, accountability levels, or price fluctuation limits for Corn Futures Contracts on the CBOT, 

140   

it may then, if permitted under applicable
regulatory requirements, purchase Other Corn Interests and/or Corn Futures Contracts listed on foreign exchanges. However, the
Corn Futures Contracts available on such foreign exchanges may have different underlying sizes, deliveries, and prices. In addition,
the Corn Futures Contracts available on these exchanges may be subject to their own position limits and accountability levels.
In any case, notwithstanding the potential availability of these instruments in certain circumstances, position limits could force
the Fund to limit the number of Creation Baskets that it sells. 

   Risks Specific to the Teucrium
Soybean Fund   

 Investors may choose to use the Fund
as a means of investing indirectly in soybeans, and there are risks involved in such investments.  The risks and hazards
that are inherent in soybean production may cause the price of soybean to fluctuate widely.  Global price movements for
soybean are influenced by, among other things: weather conditions, crop failure, production decisions, governmental policies, changing
demand, the soybean harvest cycle, and various economic and monetary events.  Soybean production is also subject to domestic
and foreign regulations that materially affect operations. 

 As discussed in more detail above, price
movements for soybeans are influenced by, among other things, weather conditions, crop disease, transportation difficulties, various
planting, growing and harvesting problems, governmental policies, changing demand, and seasonal fluctuations in supply.  More
generally, commodity prices may be influenced by economic and monetary events such as changes in interest rates, changes in balances
of payments and trade, U.S. and international inflation rates, currency valuations and devaluations, U.S. and international economic
events, and changes in the philosophies and emotions of market participants.  Because the Fund invests primarily in interests
in a single commodity, it is not a diversified investment vehicle, and therefore may be subject to greater volatility than a diversified
portfolio of stocks or bonds or a more diversified commodity pool. 

 The Fund is subject to the risks and
hazards of the soybean market because it invests in Soybean Interests.  The risks and hazards that are inherent in the
soybean market may cause the price of soybeans to fluctuate widely.  If the changes in percentage terms of the Fund s
Shares accurately track the percentage changes in the Benchmark or the spot price of soybeans, then the price of its Shares will
fluctuate accordingly. 

 The price and availability of soybeans
is influenced by economic and industry conditions, including but not limited to supply and demand factors such as: crop disease;
weed control; water availability; various planting, growing, or harvesting problems; severe weather conditions such as drought,
floods, heavy rains, frost, or natural disasters that are difficult to anticipate and which cannot be controlled; uncontrolled
fires, including arson; challenges in doing business with foreign companies; legal and regulatory restrictions; transportation
costs; interruptions in energy supply; currency exchange rate fluctuations; and political and economic instability.  Additionally,
demand for soybeans is affected by changes in international, national, regional and local economic conditions, and demographic
trends.  The increased production of soybean crops in South America and the rising demand for soybeans in emerging nations
such as China and India have increased competition in the soybean market. 

 The supply of soybeans could be reduced
by the spread of soybean rust.  Soybean rust is a wind-borne fungal disease that attacks soybeans.  Although
soybean rust can be killed with chemicals, chemical treatment increases production costs for farmers. 

 Soybean production is subject to United
States and foreign policies and regulations that materially affect operations.  Governmental policies affecting the agricultural
industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, acreage control, and import and export restrictions on agricultural
commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop production, the
volume and types of imports and exports, and industry profitability.  Additionally, soybean production is affected by
laws and regulations relating to, but not limited to, the sourcing, transporting, storing and processing of agricultural raw materials
as well as the transporting, storing and distributing of related agricultural products.  Soybean producers also may need
to comply with various environmental laws and regulations, such as those regulating the use of certain pesticides.  In
addition, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade
between countries or regions. 

 Because processing soybean oil can create
trans-fats, the demand for soybean oil may decrease due to heightened governmental regulation of trans-fats or trans-fatty acids.  The
U.S. Food and Drug Administration currently requires food manufacturers to disclose levels of trans-fats contained in their products,
and various local governments have enacted or are considering restrictions on the use of trans-fats in restaurants.  Several
food processors have either switched or indicated an intention to switch to oil products with lower levels of trans-fats or trans-fatty
acids. 

 In recent years, there has been increased
global interest in the production of biofuels as alternatives to traditional fossil fuels and as a means of promoting energy independence.  Soybeans
can be converted into biofuels such as biodiesel.  Accordingly, the soybean market has become increasingly affected by
demand for biofuels and related legislation. 

 The costs related to soybean production
could increase and soybean supply could decrease as a result of restrictions on the use of genetically modified soybeans, including
requirements to segregate genetically modified soybeans and the products generated from them from other soybean products.  

 Seasonal fluctuations in the price of
soybeans may cause risk to an investor because of the possibility that Share prices will be depressed because of the soybean harvest
cycle.  In the futures market, fluctuations are typically reflected in contracts expiring in the harvest season (i.e.,
contracts expiring during the fall are typically priced lower than contracts expiring in the winter and spring).  Thus,
seasonal fluctuations could 

141   

result in an investor incurring losses
upon the sale of Fund Shares, particularly if the investor needs to sell Shares when the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts
are, in whole or part, Soybean Futures Contracts expiring in the fall. 

 The CFTC and U.S. designated contract
markets have established position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any
person or group of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by the Fund is not) may hold,
own or control.  For example, the current position limit for investments at any one time in the Soybean Futures Contracts
are 600 spot month contracts, 15,000 contracts expiring in any other single month, and 15,000 total for all months.  
However, under rules proposed by the CFTC, Soybean Futures Contracts and over-the-counter soybean contracts will be subject to
a single position limit. These position limits are fixed ceilings that the Fund would not be able to exceed without specific CFTC
authorization. 

All of these limits may potentially cause a
tracking error between the price of the Shares and the Benchmark.  This may in turn prevent you from being able to effectively
use the Fund as a way to hedge against soybean-related losses or as a way to indirectly invest in soybeans. 

If the Fund encounters
position limits or price fluctuation limits for Soybean Futures Contracts on the CBOT, it may then, if permitted under applicable
regulatory requirements, purchase Other Soybean Interests and/or Soybean Futures Contracts listed on foreign exchanges.  However,
the Soybean Futures Contracts available on such foreign exchanges may have different underlying sizes, deliveries, and prices.  In
addition, the Soybean Futures Contracts available on these exchanges may be subject to their own position limits or similar restrictions.  In
any case, notwithstanding the potential availability of these instruments in certain circumstances, position limits could force
the Fund to limit the number of Creation Baskets that it sells. 

Risks Specific to the Teucrium
Sugar Fund   

 Investors may choose to use the Fund
as a means of investing indirectly in sugar, and there are risks involved in such investments.  The risks and hazards that
are inherent in sugar production may cause the price of sugar to fluctuate widely.  Global price movements for sugar are influenced
by, among other things: weather conditions, crop failure, production decisions, governmental policies, changing demand, the sugar
harvest cycle, and various economic and monetary events.  Sugar production is also subject to domestic and foreign regulations
that materially affect operations. 

 As discussed in more detail above, price
movements for sugar are influenced by, among other things, weather conditions, crop disease, transportation difficulties, various
planting, growing and harvesting problems, governmental policies, changing demand, and seasonal fluctuations in supply.  More
generally, commodity prices may be influenced by economic and monetary events such as changes in interest rates, changes in balances
of payments and trade, U.S. and international inflation rates, currency valuations and devaluations, U.S. and international economic
events, and changes in the philosophies and emotions of market participants.  Because the Fund invests primarily in interests
in a single commodity, it is not a diversified investment vehicle, and therefore may be subject to greater volatility than a diversified
portfolio of stocks or bonds or a more diversified commodity pool. 

 The Fund is subject to the risks and
hazards of the world sugar market because it invests in Sugar Interests.  The two primary sources for the production of sugar
are sugarcane and sugar beets, both of which are grown in various countries around the world.  The risks and hazards that
are inherent in the world sugar market may cause the price of sugar to fluctuate widely.  If the changes in percentage terms
of the Fund s Shares accurately track the percentage changes in the Benchmark or the spot price of sugar, then the price
of its Shares will fluctuate accordingly. 

 The global price and availability of
sugar is influenced by economic and industry conditions, including but not limited to supply and demand factors such as: crop disease;
weed control; water availability; various planting, growing, or harvesting problems; severe weather conditions such as drought,
floods, or frost that are difficult to anticipate and which cannot be controlled; uncontrolled fires, including arson; challenges
in doing business with foreign companies; legal and regulatory restrictions; fluctuation of shipping rates; currency exchange rate
fluctuations; and political and economic instability.  Global demand for sugar to produce ethanol has also been a significant
factor affecting the price of sugar.  Additionally, demand for sugar is affected by changes in consumer tastes, national,
regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends.  The spread of consumerism and the rising affluence of emerging
nations such as China and India have created demand for sugar.  An influx of people in developing countries moving from rural
to urban areas may create more disposable income to be spent on sugar products, and might also reduce sugar production in rural
areas on account of worker shortages, all of which would result in upward pressure on sugar prices.  On the other hand, public
health concerns regarding obesity, heart disease and diabetes, particularly in developed countries, may reduce demand for sugar. 
In light of the time it takes to grow sugarcane and sugar beets and the cost of new facilities for processing these crops, it may
not be possible to increase supply quickly or in a cost-effective manner in response to an increase in demand for sugar. 

 Sugar production is subject to United
States and foreign policies and regulations that materially affect operations.  Governmental policies affecting the agricultural
industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, acreage control, and import and export restrictions on agricultural
commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop production, the
volume and types of imports and exports, and industry profitability.  Many foreign countries subsidize sugar production, resulting
in lower prices, but this has led other countries, including the United States, to impose tariffs and import restrictions on sugar
imports.  Sugar producers also may need to comply with various environmental laws and regulations, such as those regulating
the use of certain pesticides.  

 Seasonal fluctuations in the price of
sugar may cause risk to an investor because of the possibility that Share prices will be depressed because of the sugar harvest
cycle.  In the futures market, contracts expiring during the harvest season are typically priced lower than contracts expiring
in the winter and spring.  While the sugar harvest seasons varies from country to country, prices of Sugar Futures Contracts
tend to be lowest in 

142   

the late spring and early summer, reflecting
the harvest season in Brazil, the world s leading producer of sugarcane.  Thus, seasonal fluctuations could result in
an investor incurring losses upon the sale of Fund Shares, particularly if the investor needs to sell Shares when the Benchmark
Component Futures Contracts are, in whole or part, Sugar Futures Contracts expiring in the late spring or early summer. 

 U.S. designated contract markets such
as the ICE Futures and the NYMEX have established position limits and accountability levels on the maximum net long or net short
Sugar Futures Contracts that any person or group of persons under common trading control may hold, own or control.  The CFTC
has not currently set position limits for Sugar Futures Contracts, and the ICE Futures and the NYMEX have established position
limits only on spot month Sugar No. 11 Futures Contracts. For example, the ICE Futures  position limit for Sugar No. 11 Futures
Contracts is 5,000 spot month contracts, whereas the NYMEX Sugar No. 11 Futures limit is 1,000 contracts, generally applicable
only during the last month before expiration and limits on 9,000 contracts for a single month or cumulative amount. All Sugar Futures
Contracts held under the control of the Sponsor, including those held by any future series of the Trust, will be aggregated in
determining the application of these position limits. However, because spot month contracts are not Benchmark Component Futures
Contracts and the Fund s roll strategy calls for the sale of all spot month Sugar No.11 Futures Contracts prior to the time
the position limits would become applicable, it is unlikely that position limits on Sugar Futures Contracts will come into play. 

 NYMEX has designated position limits
on NYMEX No. 11 Sugar futures of 1,000 contracts for Expiration Month.  In addition, accountability levels of 9,000 contracts
for any one month and a maximum of 9,000 contracts for all combined months have been established. 

In contrast to position limits, accountability
levels are not fixed ceilings, but rather thresholds above which an exchange may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an
investor, including by imposing position limits on the investor.  For example, the current ICE Futures-established accountability
level for investments in Sugar No. 11 Futures Contracts for any one month is 10,000, and the accountability level for all combined
months is 15,000.  (The current accountability level for Sugar No. 11 Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX is 9,000 for any
one month, and 9,000 for all combined months, and ICE Futures has established no accountability level with regard to Sugar No.
16 Futures Contracts.  However, ICE Futures has established position limits for Sugar No. 16 Futures Contracts of 1,000 for
any one month, and 1,000 for all combined months.)   However, under rules proposed by the CFTC, Sugar Futures Contracts
and over-the-counter sugar contracts will be subject to a single position limit.  Even though accountability levels are not
fixed ceilings, the Fund does not intend to invest in Sugar Futures Contracts in excess of any applicable accountability levels.  

 All of these limits may potentially
cause a tracking error between the price of the Shares and the Benchmark.  This may in turn prevent you from being able to
effectively use the Fund as a way to hedge against sugar-related losses or as a way to indirectly invest in sugar. 

 If the Fund encounters accountability
levels, position limits, or price fluctuation limits for Sugar Futures Contracts on ICE Futures, it may then, if permitted
under applicable regulatory requirements, purchase Other Sugar Interests and/or Sugar Futures Contracts listed on the NYMEX or
foreign exchanges.  However, the Sugar Futures Contracts available on such foreign exchanges may have different underlying
sizes, deliveries, and prices.  In addition, the Sugar Futures Contracts available on these exchanges may be subject to their
own position limits and accountability levels.  In any case, notwithstanding the potential availability of these instruments
in certain circumstances, position limits could force the Fund to limit the number of Creation Baskets that it sells. 

   Risks Specific to the Teucrium
Wheat Fund   

 Investors may choose to use the Fund
as a means of investing indirectly in wheat, and there are risks involved in such investments.  The risks and hazards
that are inherent in wheat production may cause the price of wheat to fluctuate widely.  Price movements for wheat are
influenced by, among other things: weather conditions, crop failure, production decisions, governmental policies, changing demand,
the wheat harvest cycle, and various economic and monetary events.  Wheat production is also subject to U.S. federal,
state and local regulations that materially affect operations. 

 As discussed in more detail above, price
movements for wheat are influenced by, among other things, weather conditions, crop disease, transportation difficulties, various
planting, growing and harvesting problems, governmental policies, changing demand, and seasonal fluctuations in supply.  More
generally, commodity prices may be influenced by economic and monetary events such as changes in interest rates, changes in balances
of payments and trade, U.S. and international inflation rates, currency valuations and devaluations, U.S. and international economic
events, and changes in the philosophies and emotions of market participants.  Because the Fund invests primarily in interests
in a single commodity, it is not a diversified investment vehicle, and therefore may be subject to greater volatility than a diversified
portfolio of stocks or bonds or a more diversified commodity pool. 

 The Fund is subject to the risks and hazards
of the wheat market because it invests in Wheat Interests.  The risks and hazards that are inherent in the wheat market
may cause the price of wheat to fluctuate widely.  If the changes in percentage terms of the Fund s Shares accurately
track the percentage changes in the Benchmark or the spot price of wheat, then the price of its Shares will fluctuate accordingly.  

 The price and availability of wheat
is influenced by economic and industry conditions, including but not limited to supply and demand factors such as: crop disease;
weed control; water availability; various planting, growing, or harvesting problems; severe weather conditions such as drought,
floods, or frost that are difficult to anticipate and which cannot be controlled.  Demand for food products made from
wheat flour is affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends.  More
specifically, demand for such food products in the United States is relatively unaffected by changes in wheat prices or disposable
income, but is closely tied to tastes and preferences.  For example, in recent years the increase in the popularity of
low-carbohydrate diets caused the consumption of wheat flour to 

143   

decrease rapidly before rebounding somewhat
after 2005.  Export demand for wheat fluctuates yearly, based largely on crop yields in the importing countries. 

 Wheat production is subject to United
States federal, state and local policies and regulations that materially affect operations.  Governmental policies affecting
the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, acreage control, and import and export restrictions
on agricultural commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of certain crops, the location and size of crop
production, the volume and types of imports and exports, the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials, and
industry profitability.  Additionally, wheat production is affected by laws and regulations relating to, but not limited
to, the sourcing, transporting, storing and processing of agricultural raw materials as well as the transporting, storing and distributing
of related agricultural products.  U.S. wheat producers also must comply with various environmental laws and regulations,
such as those regulating the use of certain pesticides, and local laws that regulate the production of genetically modified crops.  In
addition, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade
between countries or regions. 

Seasonal fluctuations in the price of
wheat may cause risk to an investor because of the possibility that Share prices will be depressed because of the wheat harvest
cycle.  In the United States, the market for winter wheat, the type of wheat upon which CBOT Wheat Futures Contracts
are based, is at its lowest point, and wheat prices are lowest, shortly before and during the harvest (in the spring or early summer),
due to the high supply of wheat in the market.  Conversely, winter wheat prices are generally highest in the fall or
early winter, when the wheat harvested that year has largely been sold and used.  In the futures market, these seasonal
fluctuations are typically reflected in contracts expiring in the relevant season (e.g., contracts expiring during the harvest
season are typically priced lower than contracts expiring in the fall and early winter).  Thus, seasonal fluctuations
could result in an investor incurring losses upon the sale of Fund Shares, particularly if the investor needs to sell Shares when
the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts are, in whole or part, Wheat Futures Contracts expiring in the spring. 

 Position limits and daily price fluctuation
limits set by the CFTC and the exchanges have the potential to cause tracking error, which could cause the price of Shares to substantially
vary from the Benchmark and prevent you from being able to effectively use the Fund as a way to hedge against wheat-related losses
or as a way to indirectly invest in wheat. 

The CFTC and U.S. designated contract markets
such as the CBOT have established position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests
that any person or group of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by the Fund is not)
may hold, own or control.  For example, the current position limit for investments at any one time in CBOT Wheat Futures
Contracts are 600 spot month contracts, 12,000 contracts expiring in any other single month and 12,000 contracts total for all
months. However, under rules proposed by the CFTC, Wheat Futures Contracts and over-the-counter wheat contracts will be subject
to a single position limit. These position limits are fixed ceilings that the Fund would not be able to exceed without specific
CFTC authorization. 

 If the Fund encounters position limits,
accountability levels, or price fluctuation limits for Wheat Futures Contracts on the CBOT, it may then, if permitted under applicable
regulatory requirements, purchase Other Wheat Interests and/or Wheat Futures Contracts listed on foreign exchanges.  However,
the Wheat Futures Contracts available on such foreign exchanges may have different underlying sizes, deliveries, and prices.  In
addition, the Wheat Futures Contracts available on these exchanges may be subject to their own position limits and accountability
levels.  In any case, notwithstanding the potential availability of these instruments in certain circumstances, position
limits could force the Fund to limit the number of Creation Baskets that it sells. 

    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds  

(a)  
       None.   

(b)  
      On July 31, 2010, for all Funds listed below except the Teucrium Agricultural Fund for which the contribution was made on April 1, 2011, the Sponsor made the following capital contributions and received the following shares for that contribution prior to each Fund s commencement of operations; such shares were sold in private offerings exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended:   

1.  
      a $100 capital contribution to the Teucrium Soybean Fund, another series of the Trust, in exchange for four shares of such fund;   

2.  
      a $100 capital contribution to the Teucrium Sugar Fund, another series of the Trust, in exchange for four shares of such fund; and   

3.  
      a $100 capital contribution to the Teucrium Wheat Fund, another series of the Trust, in exchange for four shares of such fund.   

4.  
      a $100 capital contribution to the Teucrium Agricultural Fund, another series of the Trust, in exchange for two shares of such fund.   

The original registration statement on Form S-1 registering 30,000,000 common units, or  Shares,  of the Teucrium Corn Fund (File No. 333-162033) was declared effective on June 7, 2010. A second registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-187463) which replaced the original registration statement was declared    

144   

Issuer Purchases of CORN Shares: 

145   

Issuer Purchases of WEAT Shares: 

Issuer Purchases of CANE Shares: 

Issuer Purchases of SOYB Shares: Nothing to Report 

 Issuer Purchases of TAGS Shares: Nothing to Report 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

 None. 

   Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 None. 

   Item 5. Other Information 

 (a) None. 

 (b) Not Applicable. 

Item 6.  Exhibits  

 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report as
required under Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

146   

32.2  
       
      Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1)  

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

(1)                        Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

  Teucrium Commodity Trust (Registrant)  

By:  
      Teucrium Trading, LLC   

its Sponsor    

By:  
       /s/ Barbara Riker   

Name:  
       Barbara Riker    

Chief Financial Officer    

Date: November 9, 2016  

147   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e71752ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

  CERTIFICATION  

 I, Dale Riker, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Teucrium Commodity Trust (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and   

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

By:   
      /s/ Dale Riker   

Dale Riker  
         Chief Executive Officer  
         Teucrium Trading, LLC  
         Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust  
         November 9, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e71752ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

  CERTIFICATION  

 I, Barbara Riker, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Teucrium Commodity Trust (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and   

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

By:   
      /s/ Barbara Riker   
 
      Barbara Riker  
 Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer  
 Teucrium Trading, LLC  
 Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust   

Date: November 9, 2016   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e71752ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Dale Riker, Principal
Executive Officer of Teucrium Trading, LLC, the Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust (the  Registrant ), hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that the Registrant s report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, (the  Report ),
which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

By:   
      /s/Dale Riker   

Dale Riker  
         Chief Executive Officer  
         Teucrium Trading, LLC, Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust  
           
         Dated: November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e71752ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Barbara Riker, Principal
Financial Officer of Teucrium Trading, LLC, the Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust (the  Registrant ), hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that the Registrant s report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, (the  Report ),
which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

By:   
      /s/Barbara Riker   
 
      Barbara Riker  
 Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer  
 Teucrium Trading, LLC, Sponsor of Teucrium Commodity Trust   
 
      Dated: November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tctr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tctr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tctr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tctr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tctr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tctr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

