<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-Q_edgar_data_701811_0000701811-16-000028_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6670869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217015</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>769758</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2005620</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2583082</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>975435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000701811-16-000028.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161205201155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000701811-16-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENTOR GRAPHICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				930786033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34795
		FILM NUMBER:		162035028

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8005 SW BOECKMAN RD
		CITY:			WILSONVILLE
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97070-7777
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036857000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000701811-16-000028.txt : 20161206

10-Q
 1
 a20161031q3-10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  ___________________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  ___________________________________________  

For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission File No. 1-34795 
   ___________________________________________  
  
  MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
  ___________________________________________  

(503) 685-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  None 
  (Former name, former address and former 
  fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  ___________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large Accelerated Filer 
    x 
    Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Number of shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding as of   December 1, 2016  :   109,521,738    

Table of Contents  

MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION 
  Index to Form 10-Q 

Page Number 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements (unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015     
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016  
    6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  
    7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 

Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    22 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    34 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    36 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    37 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    39 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    49 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    50 

SIGNATURES  
    51 

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
  Mentor Graphics Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Mentor Graphics Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

Mentor Graphics Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Mentor Graphics Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Mentor Graphics Corporation 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  All numerical dollar and share references are in thousands, except for per share and conversion rate data. 

1.        General 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States (U.S.) generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and reflect all material normal recurring adjustments. However, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated financial statements include adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016  . 
    
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and contingencies as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Any changes in estimates will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include our financial statements and those of our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

2  .        Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
  Recently Adopted Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   as part of their simplification initiative to improve the accounting for share-based payments to employees. The new standard affects several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. It requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement when awards vest or are exercised. Cash flows associated with excess tax benefits are no longer classified as cash flows from financing activities but will be classified as operating activities, consistent with other income tax cash flows. The standard also allows for additional employee tax withholding on the exercise or release of awards, without triggering liability classification of the award. Additionally, when we withhold shares for tax-withholding purposes and in-turn pay cash for taxes on behalf of an employee, the cash payment is classified as a financing activity in our statement of cash flows. Finally, the standard allows an accounting policy election for the treatment of forfeitures of stock based awards. Companies can elect to continue to estimate forfeitures expected to occur, or account for forfeitures as they occur. This standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. 
    
  We early adopted the new standard effective February 1, 2016. The primary impact to our financial statements was the recognition of   $48,605   in deferred tax assets associated with excess tax benefits offset by a valuation allowance of   $38,425   and a cumulative-effect adjustment of   $10,180   to retained earnings as of January 31, 2016. We elected to continue to estimate forfeitures expected to occur when estimating the amount of compensation expense recorded in each accounting period.  
    
  We retrospectively applied to all periods presented in our statements of cash flows, the presentation of excess tax benefits and cash paid for employee taxes where shares were withheld. As a result of this election excess tax benefits were reclassified from financing activities to operating activities and cash paid for shares withheld were reclassified from operating activities to financing activities. The net impact on previously reported results is as follows: 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.   This standard eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively account for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustments are identified. Changes in depreciation, amortization, and any other income effects resulting from adjustments to  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

provisional amounts, should be computed as of the acquisition date. The standard requires that an entity present separately, by line item, the amounts included in current-period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods, if the adjustments to provisional amounts had been recognized on the acquisition date. We adopted this standard beginning February 1, 2016. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,   Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40),     Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.   This standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If the arrangement includes a software license, the customer accounts for fees related to the software license element consistent with accounting for the acquisition of other acquired software licenses. If the arrangement does not contain a software license, the customer accounts for the arrangement as a service contract. An arrangement would contain a software license element if both: (i) the customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty; and (ii) it is feasible for the customer to either run the software on its own hardware or contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to host the software. We adopted this standard beginning February 1, 2016 on a prospective basis. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  Issued Pronouncements not yet Adopted  
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   This ASU amends narrow aspects of Topic 606 in ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , related to the assessment of collectibility, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. Practical expedients are provided in the ASU to simplify the transition to the new standard.  
    
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.   This ASU clarifies guidance in ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   related to identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation  .   This ASU is expected to: (i) reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services; (ii) improve guidance on criteria in assessing whether promises to transfer goods and services are separately identifiable; and (iii) improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation guidance.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers     (Topic 606), Principal versus Agent Considerations.   This ASU amends the principal versus agent guidance in ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , and clarifies that the analysis must determine whether an entity controls the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  . This ASU is based on the principle that the amount of revenue recognized should reflect the consideration an entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the transfer of goods and services to customers. This ASU requires disclosures enabling users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. This ASU also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosure about customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. The standard permits one of two methods for adoption: (i) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, with the ability to utilize certain practical expedients; or (ii) retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application, including additional disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition method. 
    
  We are evaluating the effect that each of these ASUs will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We will be required to implement this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is permitted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. 
  Other 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,   Income Taxes     (Topic 740), Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  . This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory by requiring an entity to recognize the income tax consequences when a transfer occurs, instead of when an asset is sold to an outside party. Examples of assets included in the scope of this ASU are intellectual property (IP) and property, plant, and equipment. The amendments in this ASU should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. We will be required to implement this  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which interim or annual financial statements have not been issued. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-16 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . This ASU adds and clarifies guidance on the presentation and classification of eight specific cash flow items related to cash receipts and cash payments in the Statement of Cash Flows, with the intent of reducing diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU should be applied retrospectively for each period presented. For those issues where it is impractical to apply these amendments retrospectively, the amendments should be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. We will be required to implement this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   This ASU changes how companies measure and recognize credit losses for various financial assets. This ASU will require companies to use an   expected   credit loss model to recognize estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of the financial assets rather than the current   incurred   credit loss model methodology. This revised guidance is applicable to our trade and term receivables. We will be required to implement this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Early adoption is permitted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-13 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases     (Topic 842).   This ASU requires a lessee to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments, and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. We will be required to implement this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In September 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.   This ASU provides guidance on management's responsibility in evaluating whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosures if required. Evaluation is required every reporting period, including interim periods. We will be required to implement this guidance in the     fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3.        Fair Value Measurement 
  The following table presents information about financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The FASB's authoritative guidance for the hierarchy of valuation techniques is based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. The fair value hierarchy consists of the following three levels: 
             
    Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 
                
    Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations whose significant inputs are observable; and 
                
    Level 3 One or more significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

In connection with certain acquisitions, payment of a portion of the purchase price is typically contingent upon the acquired business  achievement of certain revenue goals. The short-term portion of the total recorded contingent consideration is included in accrued and other liabilities and the long-term portion of the total recorded contingent consideration is included in other long-term liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The following table summarizes the total recorded contingent consideration: 

We have estimated the fair value of our contingent consideration as the present value of the expected payments over the term of the arrangements. The fair value measurement of our contingent consideration as of   October 31, 2016   encompasses the following significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

Changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration are primarily driven by changes in the estimated amount and timing of payments, resulting from changes in the forecasted revenues of the acquired businesses. Significant changes in any of the inputs in isolation could result in a fluctuation in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration. Changes in fair value are recognized in special charges in our condensed consolidated statement of operations in the period in which the change is identified.  
    
  The following table summarizes contingent consideration activity:    

The following table summarizes the fair value and carrying value of our 4.00% Convertible Subordinated Debentures (4.00% Debentures): 

We based the fair value of our 4.00% Debentures on the quoted market price at the balance sheet date. Our notes are not actively traded and the quoted market price is derived from observable inputs including our stock price, stock volatility, and interest rate (Level 2). We believe the carrying value of other notes payable of   $5,188   at   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016   approximated fair value. Of the total carrying value of notes payable,   $240,865   was classified as current on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   October 31, 2016   and   none   was classified as current on our consolidated balance sheet as of   January 31, 2016  . See additional discussion of notes payable in   Note 6  .    Notes Payable  .  
    
  The carrying amounts of cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, net, term receivables, short-term borrowings, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments or because amounts have been appropriately discounted. 
    
  During the quarter ended July 31, 2016, we acquired a non-marketable equity security which was accounted for using the cost method of accounting. Our cost method investments are reported at cost net of impairment losses. The carrying amount of the non-marketable equity security was   $3,000   at   October 31, 2016  . Investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting are remeasured and recorded at fair value when identified events or changes in circumstances have a significant  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

adverse effect on the fair value of the investments. When these events or changes in circumstances occur, these investments are classified as Level 3 because they are valued using significant unobservable inputs. We periodically review our cost method investments for these types of events or changes in circumstances. 

4.        Term Receivables and Trade Accounts Receivable 
  We have long-term installment receivables that are attributable to multi-year, multi-element term license sales agreements. Balances for term agreements that are due within one year of the balance sheet date are included in trade accounts receivable, net and balances that are due more than one year from the balance sheet date are included in term receivables, long-term. We discount the total product portion of the agreements to reflect the interest component of the transaction. We amortize the interest component of the transaction to system and software revenues over the period in which payments are made and balances are outstanding, using the effective interest method. We determine the discount rate at the outset of the arrangement based upon the current credit rating of the customer. We reset the discount rate periodically considering changes in prevailing interest rates but do not adjust previously discounted balances. 
    
  Term receivable and trade accounts receivable balances were as follows: 

Trade accounts receivable include billed amounts whereas term receivables, short-term are comprised of unbilled amounts. Term receivables, short-term represent the portion of long-term installment agreements that are due within one year of the balance sheet date. Billings for term agreements typically occur   thirty   days prior to the contractual due date, in accordance with individual contract installment terms. Term receivables, long-term represent unbilled amounts which are scheduled to be billed beyond one year from the balance sheet date. 
    
  We perform a credit risk assessment of all customers using the Standard   Poor s (S P) credit rating as our primary credit-quality indicator. The S P credit ratings are based on the most recent S P score available at the time of assessment. For customers that do not have an S P credit rating, we base our credit risk assessment on results provided in the customers  most recent financial statements at the time of assessment. We determine whether or not to extend credit to these customers based on the results of our internal credit assessment, thus mitigating our risk of loss. 
    
  The credit risk assessment for our long-term receivables was as follows: 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts on trade accounts receivable and term receivables, long-term for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. We regularly evaluate the collectibility of our trade accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. When we become aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy or deterioration in the customer s operating results, financial position, or credit rating, we record a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable to the amount believed to be collectible. We also record unspecified reserves for bad debt for all other customers based on a variety of factors including length of time the receivables are past due, the financial health of customers, the current business environment, and historical experience. If these factors change or circumstances related to specific customers change, we adjust the estimates of the recoverability of receivables resulting in either additional selling expense or a reduction in selling expense in the period the determination is made. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following shows the change in allowance for doubtful accounts: 

(1)  Specific account write-offs and foreign exchange. 
    
  We enter into agreements to sell qualifying accounts receivable from time to time to certain financing institutions on a non-recourse basis. We received net proceeds from the sale of receivables of   $45,104   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to   $42,030   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . Amounts collected from customers on accounts receivable previously sold on a non-recourse basis to financial institutions are included in short-term borrowings on the balance sheet. These amounts are remitted to the financial institutions in the month following quarter-end. 

5.        Short-Term Borrowings 
  Short-term borrowings consisted of the following: 

We have a syndicated, senior, unsecured, revolving credit facility which expires on   January 9, 2020  . 
    
  The revolving credit facility has a maximum borrowing capacity of   $125,000  . As stated in the revolving credit facility, we have the option to pay interest based on: 
           (i) 
    London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) with varying maturities commensurate with the borrowing period we select, plus a spread of between   2.00%   and   2.50%   based on a pricing grid tied to a financial covenant, or 
              (ii) 
    A base rate plus a spread of between   1.00%   and   1.50%  , based on a pricing grid tied to a financial covenant. 
     As a result of these interest rate options, our interest expense associated with borrowings under this revolving credit facility will vary with market interest rates. 
    
  Commitment fees are payable on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility at rates between   0.30%   and   0.40%   based on a pricing grid tied to a financial covenant.  
    
  This revolving credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants, including a limit on the aggregate amount we can pay for dividends and repurchases of our common stock over the term of the facility to   $200,000   plus   70%   of our cumulative consolidated net income (loss) for periods ending after February 1, 2016.  
    
  We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of   October 31, 2016  . If we fail to comply with the financial covenants and do not obtain a waiver from our lenders, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and our lenders could terminate the facility and demand immediate repayment of all outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility. 

6.        Notes Payable    
  Notes payable consist of the following: 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Our 4.00% Debentures are due in   2031  , but we may be required to repay them earlier under the conversion and redemption provisions described below. 
    
  4.00% Debentures 
  In   April 2011  , we issued   $253,000   of   4.00%   Debentures in a private placement pursuant to the SEC Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933. Interest on the 4.00% Debentures is payable semi-annually in April and October. The 4.00% Debentures are unsecured obligations. 
    
  Each   one thousand   dollars in principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures is currently convertible, under certain circumstances, into   50.4551   shares of our common stock (equivalent to a conversion price of   $19.82   per share). The initial conversion rate for the 4.00% Debentures was   48.6902   shares of our common stock for each   one thousand   dollars in principal amount (equivalent to a conversion price of   $20.54   per share). The conversion rate is adjusted because we declare and pay quarterly cash dividends, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year   2014  . 
    
  The 4.00% Debentures are convertible, under certain circumstances, into shares of our common stock at the conversion rate noted above. The circumstances for conversion include: 
              
    A call for redemption of the 4.00% Debentures; 
                
    Specified distributions to holders of our common stock; 
                
    If a fundamental change, such as a change of control, occurs; 
                
    During the two months prior to, but not on, the maturity date; or 
                
    The market price of the 4.00% Debentures declining to less than   98%   of the value of the common stock into which the 4.00% Debentures are convertible. 
     Upon conversion of any 4.00% Debentures, a holder will receive: 
           (i) 
    Cash for the lesser of the principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures that are converted or the value of the converted shares; and 
              (ii) 
    Cash or shares of common stock, at our election, for the excess, if any, of the value of the converted shares over the principal amount. 
     As of   October 31, 2016  , the if-converted value of the 4.00% Debentures to the note holders exceeded the principal amount by   $115,893  . 
    
  During the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , the market price of our common stock exceeded   120%   of the conversion price for at least   20   of the last   30   trading days of the period. Accordingly, the 4.00% Debentures are convertible at the option of the holders through   January 31, 2017  . Therefore, the carrying value of the 4.00% Debentures is classified as a current liability. Additionally, the excess of the principal amount over the carrying amount of the 4.00% Debentures is reclassified from permanent equity to temporary equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The determination of whether or not the 4.00% Debentures are convertible is performed at each balance sheet date and may change from quarter to quarter. If this threshold is not met next quarter, the 4.00% Debentures will be reclassified as a long-term liability and the temporary equity will be reclassified to permanent equity in our consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  If a holder elects to convert their 4.00% Debentures through   January 31, 2017  , we would be required to pay cash for at least the principal amount of the converted 4.00% Debentures.  
    
  If the proposed acquisition of the Company by Siemens Industry, Inc. is completed at a price of   $37.25   per share and the 4.00% Debentures are converted, an estimated cash payment of   $475,000   to the debenture holders would be required, including the impact of the dividend declared on   November 22, 2016  . 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Effective   April 5, 2016  , we may redeem some or all of the 4.00% Debentures for cash at the following redemption prices, expressed as a percentage of principal plus any accrued and unpaid interest: 

The holders, at their option, may redeem the 4.00% Debentures for cash on   April 1, 2018  ,   April 1, 2021  , and   April 1, 2026  , and in the event of a fundamental change in the company. In each case, our repurchase price will be 100% of the principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  The 4.00% Debentures contain a conversion feature allowing for settlement of the debt in cash upon conversion, therefore we separately account for the implied liability and equity components of the 4.00% Debentures. The principal amount, unamortized debt discount, unamortized debt issuance costs, net carrying amount of the liability component, and carrying amount of the equity component of the 4.00% Debentures are as follows: 

The unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs amortize to interest expense using the effective interest method through March 2018. 
    
  We recognized the following amounts in interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of income related to the 4.00% Debentures: 

The effective interest rate on the 4.00% Debentures was 7.25% for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Other Notes Payable 
  In   February 2015  , we issued a subordinated note payable as part of a business combination. The principal amount of   $3,188   was outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  . The note bears interest at a rate of   4.0%   and is due in full on   February 25, 2019  . 
    
  In   September 2015  , we issued a subordinated note payable as part of a business combination. The principal amount of   $2,000   was outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  . The note bears interest at a rate of   4.0%   and is due in full on   September 8, 2018  . 

7.        Commitments and Contingencies    
  Indemnifications 
  Our license and services agreements generally include a limited indemnification provision for claims from third parties relating to our IP. The indemnification is generally limited to the amount paid by the customer, a multiple of the amount paid by the customer, or a set cap. As of   October 31, 2016  , we were not aware of any material liabilities arising from these indemnification obligations. 
    
  Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time we are involved in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and lawsuits relating to IP rights, contracts, distributorships, and employee relations matters. Periodically, we  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

review the status of various disputes and litigation matters and assess our potential exposure. When we consider the potential loss from any dispute or legal matter probable and the amount or the range of loss can be estimated, we will accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Legal proceedings are subject to uncertainties, and the outcomes are difficult to predict. Because of such uncertainties, we base accruals on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation matters and may revise estimates. We believe that the outcome of current litigation, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our results of operations. 
    
  In some instances, we are unable to reasonably estimate any potential loss or range of loss. The nature and progression of litigation can make it difficult to predict the impact a particular lawsuit will have. There are many reasons why we cannot make these assessments, including, among others, one or more of the following: a proceeding being in its early stages; damages sought that are unspecific, unsupportable, unexplained or uncertain; discovery not having been started or being incomplete; the complexity of the facts that are in dispute; the difficulty of assessing novel claims; the parties not having engaged in any meaningful settlement discussions; the possibility that other parties may share in any ultimate liability; and/or the often slow pace of litigation. 
    
  In December 2012, Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys) filed a lawsuit claiming patent infringement against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that our Veloce        family of products infringed four Synopsys U.S. patents. In January 2015, the court issued a summary judgment order in our favor invalidating all asserted claims of three of the Synopsys patents. In June 2015, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ruled that claims of the remaining patent asserted against us by Synopsys are unpatentable. This case is no longer on the court s docket for trial. Synopsys appealed the decisions by both the district court and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has unanimously confirmed the invalidity of all four Synopsys patents. 
    
  In June 2013, Synopsys also filed a claim against us in the U.S District Court for the District of Oregon, similarly alleging that our Veloce family of products infringed on two additional Synopsys U.S. patents. These claims have been dismissed, and have been appealed. 
    
  We believe these lawsuits were filed in response to patent lawsuits we filed in 2010 and 2012 against Emulation and Verification Engineering S.A. and EVE-USA, Inc. (together EVE), which Synopsys acquired in October 2012. 
    
  On October 10, 2014, the jury in our patent lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon found that one of our patents - U.S. Patent No. 6,240,376 - was infringed by EVE and Synopsys. As part of the verdict, the jury awarded us damages of approximately   $36,000   as well as certain royalties. As of   October 31, 2016  , nothing has been included in our financial results for this award. Synopsys has filed an appeal, and is currently seeking to have the infringed claims invalidated by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
  On March 12, 2015, the Oregon court granted our request for a permanent injunction against future sales of Synopsys emulators containing infringing technology. 
    
  In December 2010, we filed a patent lawsuit against EVE in Tokyo district court, which sought compensatory damages and an injunction against the sale of EVE emulation products. The technical trial for the Japanese litigation was held in October 2014. In May 2015, the court issued a preliminary verdict of non-infringement. A Japanese appeals court has ratified that verdict. 
    
  We do not have sufficient information upon which to determine that a loss in connection with these matters is probable, reasonably possible, or estimable, and thus no liability has been established nor has a range of loss been disclosed.    

16 

Table of Contents  

8.        Stockholders' Equity    
  Dividends 
  The following table summarizes dividends declared since the beginning of fiscal year   2016  : 

Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the quarterly determination of our Board of Directors. 

9.        Stock-Based Compensation    
  Stock Option and Stock Plans 
  Our 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan) is administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and permits accelerated vesting of outstanding options, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, and other equity incentives upon the occurrence of certain changes in control of our company. Stock options and time-based restricted stock units under the Incentive Plan are generally expected to vest over   four   years. Stock options have an expiration date of   ten   years from the date of grant and an exercise price no less than the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. Performance-based restricted stock units vest after three years and include goals for operating income margin. We estimate forfeitures based on our historical forfeiture rates. The source of shares issued under the Incentive Plan is new shares. We have not issued any options since fiscal year 2013. Our current equity strategy is to grant restricted stock units rather than options to ensure that we deliver value to our employees when there is volatility in the market. 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plans 
  We have an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) for U.S. employees and an ESPP for certain foreign subsidiary employees. The ESPPs provide for six-month offerings commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each year with purchases on June 30 and December 31 of each year. Each eligible employee may purchase up to   six thousand   shares of stock on each purchase date (subject to a plan limit on the total fair market value) at prices no less than   85%   of the lesser of the fair market value of the shares on the offering date or on the purchase date. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
  The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense recognized: 

10.        Net Income Per Share 
  We compute basic net   income   per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. We compute diluted net   income   per share using the weighted average number of common shares and potentially dilutive  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of common shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and ESPP purchase rights, and conversion of the 4.00% Debentures using the treasury stock method. 
    
  The following provides the computation of basic and diluted net   income   per share: 

We have adjusted the numerator of our basic and diluted net   income   per share calculation for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   for the adjustment of the noncontrolling interest with redemption feature to its calculated redemption value, recorded directly to retained earnings. The effect of the conversion of the 4.00% Debentures was dilutive for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and the nine months ended October 31, 2015. We assume that the excess of the value of the converted shares over the principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures will be settled in common stock for the purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of net income per share. We have adjusted the numerator of our diluted earnings per share calculation for the forfeited interest, net of tax, resulting from the assumed conversion. 
    
  The effect of the conversion of the 4.00% Debentures was anti-dilutive for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and the   three   months ended   October 31, 2015   and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted net   income   per share. The conversion feature of the 4.00% Debentures, which allows for settlement in cash or a combination of cash and common stock, is further described in   Note 6  .    Notes Payable  .  
    
  The following details the adjustments to net   income   excluded from the computation of diluted net   income   per share: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

The following details shares excluded from the computation of diluted net   income   per share: 

The stock options and the   4.00%   Debentures were determined to be anti-dilutive   as a result of applying the treasury stock method. 

11.        Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The following table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax effects: 

During the first   nine   months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, there were   no   significant amounts reclassified to net income from accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation adjustment, cash flow hedges or pension plans. 

12.        Special Charges 
  The following is a summary of the components of special charges: 

Special charges generally include expenses incurred related to employee severance, certain litigation costs, acquisitions, excess facility costs, and asset related charges. 
    
  We offered the voluntary early retirement program in North America during the three months ended April 30, 2015 in which 110 employees elected to participate. The costs presented here are for severance benefits.  
    
  Employee severance and related costs include severance benefits and notice pay. These rebalance charges generally represent the aggregate of numerous unrelated rebalance plans which impact several employee groups, none of which is individually material to our financial position or results of operations. We determine termination benefit amounts based on employee status, years of service, and local statutory requirements. We record the charge for estimated severance benefits in the quarter that the rebalance plan is approved. 
    
  Approximately   87%   of the employee severance and related costs for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   were paid during the period. We expect to pay the remainder during the fiscal year ending   January 31, 2017  . Substantially all of the employee severance and related costs for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015   were paid during the fiscal year ending   January 31, 2016  . There were no significant modifications to the amount of those charges. 
    
  Litigation costs consist of professional service fees for services rendered, related to patent litigation involving us, EVE, and Synopsys regarding emulation technology.  

19 

     Table of Contents  

Accrued special charges are included in accrued and other liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The following table shows changes in accrued special charges during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  : 

13.        Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes was as follows: 

Generally, the provision for income taxes is the result of the mix of profits and losses earned in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, withholding taxes (primarily in certain foreign jurisdictions), changes in tax reserves, and the application of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Accounting guidance for interim reporting requires that we evaluate our provision for income tax expense based on our projected results of operations for the full fiscal year and record adjustments in each quarter. Such adjustments consider period specific items and, when applicable, a separate determination of tax expense for entities in our consolidated group that are projected to have losses for which no tax benefit will be recognized. 
    
  Our effective tax rate is   14.9%   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , after the inclusion of   $(1,532)   in net favorable period specific items. For our full fiscal year forecast, we project an   18.0%   effective tax rate. This rate is inclusive of period specific items recognized through   October 31,     2016  . Our projected rate for the full fiscal year differs from tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35.0%   primarily due to: 
             
    The benefit of lower tax rates on earnings of foreign subsidiaries; and 
                
    Forecasted utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, foreign tax credit carryforwards, and research and experimentation credit carryforwards for which no tax benefit has been recognized. 
     These differences are partially offset by: 
             
    Provision of U.S. income tax on non-permanently reinvested foreign subsidiary earnings to account for the impact of future repatriations;  
                
    Net increase in liabilities for uncertain tax positions; and 
                
    Withholding taxes. 
     Actual results may differ significantly from our current projections. Further, our effective tax rate could fluctuate considerably on a quarterly basis and could be significantly affected to the extent our actual mix of earnings among individual jurisdictions is different than our expectations. 
    
  We determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. In addition, we record deferred tax assets for net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. We calculate the deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when we expect the differences to reverse. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. We have determined that it is uncertain whether our U.S. entity will generate sufficient taxable income to fully utilize tax credit carryforwards and certain net operating losses. Accordingly, we recorded a valuation allowance against those deferred tax assets for which realization does not meet the more likely than not standard. We have established valuation allowances related to certain foreign deferred tax assets based on limitations on the utilization of such deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. We will continue to evaluate the realizability of the deferred tax assets on a periodic basis. 
    
  As of   October 31,     2016  , we had a liability of   $25,296   for income taxes associated with uncertain income tax positions. Of this liability,   $5,339   was classified as short-term liabilities in income taxes payable in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

we generally anticipate the settlement of such liabilities will require payment of cash within the next twelve months. The remaining   $19,957   of income tax associated with uncertain tax positions was classified as long-term liabilities. Certain liabilities may result in the reduction of deferred tax assets rather than settlement in cash. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of any cash payments required to settle the long-term liabilities and do not believe that the ultimate settlement of these liabilities will materially affect our liquidity. 

14.        Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
  The following provides information concerning supplemental disclosures of cash flow activities: 

15.        Segment Reporting 
  Our Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODMs), which consist of the Chief Executive Officer and the President, review our consolidated results within   one   operating segment. In making operating decisions, our CODMs primarily consider consolidated financial information accompanied by disaggregated revenue information by geographic region.  
    
  We eliminate all intercompany revenues in computing revenues by geographic regions. Revenues related to operations in the geographic regions were as follows:   

For the   three months ended October 31, 2016  ,   one   customer accounted for approximately   10.0%   of our total revenues. For the   three months ended October 31, 2015  ,   no   customer accounted for   10.0%   or more of our total revenues. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  ,   no   customer accounted for   10.0%   or more of our total revenues. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  ,   one   customer accounted for approximately   10.0%   of our total revenues. 

16.        Subsequent Events    
  On   November 12, 2016  , we entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Siemens Industry, Inc. (Siemens) and Meadowlark Subsidiary Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Siemens. The transaction is valued at   $37.25   per share in cash, or approximately   $4.5 billion  , and has been approved by our Board of Directors. The closing of the transaction is subject to approval by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Mentor Graphics common stock. The closing of the transaction is also subject to various customary conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976; receipt of clearance from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. and other specified regulatory approvals; the accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the agreement. We are also subject to compliance with covenants and agreements contained in the agreement, including a restriction on the amount we can borrow of no more than   $10,000   in each fiscal quarter and a prohibition on the repurchase of common stock. The closing of the transaction is not subject to a financing condition and is expected to occur in 2017. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     Unless otherwise indicated, numerical references are in millions, except for percentages, per share data, and conversion rate data. 
  Overview 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Certain discussions below contain forward-looking statements. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations about future trends and events. Actual results could vary materially as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to, those expressed in these statements. In particular, we refer you to the risks discussed in Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which identify important risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. 
    
  We urge you to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q. All subsequent written or spoken forward-looking statements attributable to our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q are made only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update these forward-looking statements. 
    
  The Company 
  We are a supplier of electronic design automation (EDA) tools   advanced computer software and emulation hardware systems used to automate the design, analysis, and testing of complex electro-mechanical systems, electronic hardware, and embedded systems software in electronic systems and components. We market our products and services worldwide, primarily to large companies in the communications, computer, consumer electronics, semiconductor, networking, military and aerospace, multimedia, and transportation industries. Through the diversification of our customer base among these various customer markets, we attempt to reduce our exposure to fluctuations within each market. We sell and license our products through our direct sales force and a channel of distributors and sales representatives. In addition to our corporate offices in Wilsonville, Oregon, we have sales, support, research and development, and professional service offices worldwide. 
    
  We generally focus on products and design platforms where we have or believe we can attain leading market share. Part of this approach includes developing new applications and exploring new markets where EDA companies have not generally participated. We believe this strategy leads to a more diversified product and customer mix and can help reduce the volatility of our business and our risk as a creditor, while increasing our potential for growth.  
    
  We derive system and software revenues primarily from the sale of term software license contracts, which are typically three to four years in length. We generally recognize revenue for these arrangements upon product delivery at the beginning of the license term. Larger enterprise-wide customer contracts, which are approximately   50%   or more of our system and software revenue, drive the majority of our period-to-period revenue variances. We identify term licenses where collectibility is not probable and recognize revenue on those licenses when cash is received. Ratable license revenues primarily include short-term term licenses as well as other term licenses where we provide the customer with rights to unspecified or unreleased future products. For these reasons, the timing of large contract renewals, customer circumstances, and license terms are the primary drivers of revenue changes from period to period, with revenue changes also being driven by new contracts and additional purchases under existing contracts, to a lesser extent. 
    
  The EDA industry is competitive and is characterized by very strong leadership positions in specific segments of the EDA market. These strong leadership positions can be maintained for significant periods of time as the software can be difficult to master and customers are disinclined to make changes once their employees, as well as others in the industry, have developed familiarity with a particular software product. For these reasons, much of our profitability arises from areas in which we are the leader. We expect to continue our strategy of developing high quality tools with number one market share potential, rather than being a broad-line supplier with undifferentiated product offerings. This strategy allows us to focus investment in areas where customer needs are greatest and where we have the opportunity to build significant market share. 
    
  Our products and services are dependent to a large degree on new design projects initiated by customers in the integrated circuit (IC) and electronics system industries. These industries can be cyclical and are subject to constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence, price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles, wide fluctuations in product supply and demand, and industry consolidation. Furthermore, extended economic downturns can result in reduced funding for development due to downsizing and other business restructurings. These pressures are offset by the need for the development and introduction of next generation products once an economic recovery occurs. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Known Trends and Uncertainties Impacting Future Results of Operations 
  Our revenue has historically fluctuated quarterly and has generally been the highest in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year due to our customers  corporate calendar year-end spending trends and the timing of contract renewals. 
    
  Ten accounts make up approximately   50%   of our receivables as of   October 31, 2016  , including both short and long-term balances. We have not experienced and do not presently expect to experience collection issues with these customers.  
    
  Net of reserves, we have no receivables greater than   30   days past due (net of cash based revenue invoices), and continue to experience no difficulty in factoring our high quality receivables. 
    
  Bad debt expense recorded for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   was not material. However, we do have exposures within our receivables portfolio to customers with weak credit ratings. These receivable balances could have a material adverse effect on earnings in any given quarter, should significant additional allowances for doubtful accounts be necessary. However, as discussed in   Note 4  .    Term Receivables and Trade Accounts Receivable    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements , we regularly evaluate the collectibility of our trade accounts receivable and record specific and general reserves for bad debt as necessary.  
    
  Bookings during the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017     increased   approximately   15%   compared to the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016   primarily due to the timing of term license contract renewals. Bookings are the value of executed orders during a period for which revenue has been or will be recognized within six months for software products and emulation hardware systems, and within twelve months for professional services and training. Ten customers accounted for approximately   45%   of total bookings for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   compared to   40%   for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . The number of new customers during the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   were approximately the same as the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . 
    
  Product Development 
  During the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , we continued to execute our strategy of focusing on technical challenges encountered by customers, as well as building upon our well-established product families. We believe that customers, faced with leading-edge design challenges in creating new products, generally choose the best EDA products in each category to build their design environment. Through both internal development and strategic acquisitions, we have focused on areas where we believe we can build a leading market position or extend an existing leading market position. 
    
  We believe that the development and commercialization of EDA software tools is generally a three to five year process with limited customer adoption and sales in the first years of tool availability. Once tools are adopted, however, their life spans tend to be long. During the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , we introduced both new products and upgrades to existing products. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  We base our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations upon our condensed consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with United States (U.S.) generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and contingencies as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. We base our estimates on historical experience, current facts, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of revenues, costs, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  We believe that the accounting for revenue recognition, valuation of accounts receivable, income taxes, business combinations, goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, special charges, and stock-based compensation are the critical accounting estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. For further discussion of our critical accounting policies, see Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 31, 2016  . 

23 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Revenues and Gross Profit 

System and Software 

We derive system and software revenues from the sale of licenses of software products and emulation hardware systems, including finance fee revenues from our long-term installment receivables resulting from term product sales. Upfront license revenues consist of perpetual licenses and term licenses for which we recognize revenue upon product delivery at the start of a license term. We identify licenses where collectibility is not probable and recognize revenue on those licenses when cash is received. Ratable license revenues primarily consist of short-term term licenses and finance fees from the accretion of the discount on long-term installment receivables. 
    
  Ten customers accounted for approximately   65%   of system and software revenues for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   40%   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to approximately   60%   for the   three months ended October 31, 2015   and   45%   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . 
    
  System and software revenues   increase  d   $29.9   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015  . The effect of acquisitions completed in fiscal years   2017   and   2016   on system and software revenues for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   was not material. The increase in software license revenues was primarily due to the timing of contract renewals and additional business with existing customers. 
    
  System and software revenues   decrease  d   $47.7   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The effect of acquisitions completed in fiscal years   2017   and   2016   on fiscal year   2017   system and software revenues was   $0.9  , which is a   $5.5   decrease in system and software revenues from acquisitions compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . Software license revenues decreased   $32.1   driven by the timing of contract renewals, with the remaining decrease primarily due to a first quarter decrease in sales of emulation hardware systems. 
    
  For the   three months ended October 31, 2016  ,   one   customer accounted for   10%   of total revenues. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  ,   no single   customer accounted for   10% or more   of total revenues. For the   three months ended October 31, 2015  ,   no single   customer accounted for   10% or more   of total revenues. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  ,   one   customer accounted for   10%   of total revenues.  
    
  Service and Support 
  We derive service and support revenues from software and hardware post-contract maintenance or support services and professional services, which includes consulting, training, and other services. Professional services are lower margin offerings which are staffed according to fluctuations in demand. Support services operate under a less variable cost structure. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Service and support revenues increased   $2.1   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015   primarily due to an increase in consulting and training revenues due to increased customer demand for services. 
    
  Service and support revenues increased   $8.5   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The effect of acquisitions completed in fiscal years   2017   and   2016   on service and support revenues for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   was   $0.6  , which is a   $9.8   decrease in service and support revenues from acquisitions compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . This decrease was offset by a   $12.8   increase in consulting and training revenues due to increased customer demand for services and a   $5.1   increase in support revenues resulting from an increase in our installed base. 
    
  Geographic Revenues Information 
  Revenues by Geography 

The increase in revenues in North America and Pacific Rim and the decrease in revenues in Japan for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015   were primarily due to the timing of contract renewals. The decrease in revenues in North America for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015   were primarily due to the timing of contract renewals. 
    
  We recognize additional revenues in periods when the U.S. dollar weakens in value against foreign currencies. Conversely, we recognize lower revenues in periods when the U.S. dollar strengthens in value against foreign currencies. For the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , approximately 30% of European and approximately 85% of Japanese revenues were subject to exchange rate fluctuations as they were booked in local currencies. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , approximately 35% of European and approximately 85% of Japanese revenues were subject to exchange rate fluctuations as they were booked in local currencies. Foreign currency had an immaterial impact on revenues for the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  . 
    
  For additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our condensed consolidated financial statements, see discussion in Part I,  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Foreign Currency Risk.  
    
  Revenues by Category 
  We segregate revenues into five categories of similar products and services. Each category includes both product and related support revenues. Revenues for each category as a percent of total revenues are as follows (percentages rounded to the nearest 5%): 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses 

Selected Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Total Revenues 

We incur a substantial portion of our operating expenses outside the U.S. in various foreign currencies. We recognize additional operating expense in periods when the U.S. dollar weakens in value against foreign currencies and lower operating expenses in periods when the U.S. dollar strengthens in value against foreign currencies. We experienced   favorable   currency movements in total operating expenses of approximately   $0.3   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015  , and approximately   $3.9   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  , primarily due to movements in the British pound, Indian rupee, and Chinese yuan, offset in part by unfavorable movements in the Japanese yen. The impact of these currency movements is reflected in the changes in operating expenses detailed below. 
    
  Research and Development 
  Research and development expenses   increase  d by   $1.4   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015   and   $7.3   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The components of these changes are summarized as follows: 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Marketing and Selling 
  Marketing and selling expenses   decrease  d by   $(1.6)   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015   and   $(3.1)   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The components of these changes are summarized as follows: 
                               
    Change 
        
    Three Months Ended 
      
    Nine Months Ended 
      Salaries, variable compensation, and benefits expenses 
    $ 
    3.7 

$ 
    5.3 
      
      Emulation demonstration inventory amortization 
    (2.7 
    ) 
      
    (4.8 
    ) 
      Stock compensation 
    0.4 

1.3 
      
      Other expenses 
    (3.0 
    ) 
      
    (4.9 
    ) 
      Total change in marketing and selling expenses 
    $ 
    (1.6 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (3.1 
    ) 

General and Administration 
  General and administration expenses   increase  d by   $0.3   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   three months ended October 31, 2015   and   $0.5   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The components of these changes are summarized as follows: 
                               
    Change 
        
    Three Months Ended 
      
    Nine Months Ended 
      Professional services 
    $ 
    1.0 

$ 
    1.5 
      
      Salaries, variable compensation, and benefits expenses 
    0.3 

1.3 
      
      Other expenses 
    (1.0 
    ) 
      
    (2.3 
    ) 
      Total change in general and administration expenses 
    $ 
    0.3 

$ 
    0.5 

Special Charges 

Special charges generally include expenses incurred related to employee severance, certain litigation costs, acquisitions, excess facility costs, and asset related charges. 
    
  We offered the voluntary early retirement program in North America during the three months ended April 30, 2015 in which 110 employees elected to participate. The costs presented here are for severance benefits. 
    
  Employee severance and related costs include severance benefits and notice pay. These charges generally represent the aggregate of numerous unrelated rebalance plans which impact several employee groups, none of which is individually material to our financial position or results of operations. We determine termination benefit amounts based on employee status, years of service, and local statutory requirements. We record the charge for estimated severance benefits in the quarter that the rebalance plan is approved. 
    
  Litigation costs consist of professional service fees for services rendered, related to patent litigation involving us, Emulation and Verification Engineering S.A. and EVE-USA, Inc. (together EVE), and Synopsys, Inc. regarding emulation technology.  

27 

Table of Contents  

Provision for Income Taxes 

Generally, the provision for income taxes is the result of the mix of profits and losses earned in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, withholding taxes (primarily in certain foreign jurisdictions), changes in tax reserves, and the application of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. The provision considers that a significant amount of our earnings are in certain foreign operations, including our Irish subsidiaries. Accounting guidance for interim reporting requires that we evaluate our provision for income tax expense based on our projected results of operations for the full fiscal year, and record adjustments in each quarter. Such adjustments consider period specific items and, when applicable, a separate determination of tax expense for entities in our consolidated group that are projected to have losses for which no tax benefit will be recognized. 

For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , we have a   15%   effective tax rate with period specific items. This current period effective tax rate differs from our effective tax rate for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015   due to favorable period specific items generally increasing the tax rate in periods with losses and reducing the effective tax rate in periods with profit, as well as the variability in the mix of profits and losses earned in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates.  
    
  For our full fiscal year forecast, we have projected an   18%   effective tax rate. This rate is inclusive of period specific items recognized through   October 31, 2016  . Our projected rate differs from tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to: 
             
    The benefit of lower tax rates on earnings of foreign subsidiaries; and 
                
    Forecasted utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, foreign tax credit carryforwards, and research and experimentation credit carryforwards for which no tax benefit has been recognized. 
     These differences are partially offset by: 
             
    Provision of U.S. income tax on non-permanently reinvested foreign subsidiary earnings to account for the impact of future repatriations; 
                
    Net increase in liabilities for uncertain tax positions; and 
                
    Withholding taxes. 
       
  We adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for stock-based compensation during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   that required all income tax effects of stock-based awards to be recognized in our condensed consolidated statement of operations as the awards vest or are settled.  For further discussion regarding new accounting standards, see   Note 2  .    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  
    
  We have not provided for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to the extent they are considered permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Where the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are not treated as permanently reinvested, we have accrued for U.S. income taxes on those earnings in our tax provision. 
    
  We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The statute of limitations for adjustments to our historic tax obligations varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In some cases, it may be extended or be unlimited. Furthermore, net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to adjustment after the expiration of the statute of limitations of the year such net operating losses and tax credits originated. Our larger jurisdictions generally provide for a statute of limitations from three to five years. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax years which remain open for examination are fiscal years   2014   and forward, although net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards from all years are subject to examination and adjustment for three years following the year in which they were utilized. We are currently under examination in various jurisdictions. The examinations are in different stages and timing of their resolution is difficult to  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

predict. The statute of limitations remains open for years on or after fiscal year   2012   in Ireland and Israel, fiscal year   2011   in Japan, fiscal year   2013   in France, and fiscal year   2009   in India. However, in France and India, the statute of limitations has been extended two years and seven years, respectively, due to open audit processes. 
    
  We have reserves for taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that are being challenged or that could be challenged by taxing authorities even though we believe that the positions we have taken are appropriate. We believe our tax reserves are adequate to cover potential liabilities. We review the tax reserves quarterly and adjust the reserves as events occur that affect our potential liability for additional taxes. It is often difficult to predict the final outcome or timing of resolution of any particular tax matter. Various events, some of which cannot be predicted, such as clarifications of tax law by administrative or judicial means, may occur and would require us to increase or decrease our reserves and effective tax rate. 
    
  Our tax position in the U.S. could be impacted by the U.S. Tax Court opinion issued on July 27, 2015 in   Altera Corp. v. Commissioner     w  hich invalidates part of a Treasury Regulation requiring stock based compensation to be included in any qualified intercompany cost sharing arrangement. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , no impact has been recorded due to the uncertainties with respect to the ultimate resolution of this case. This case has been appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals. We are in the process of determining the impact, if any, the   Altera   ongoing dispute would have on our financial statements in future periods should there be a resolution of the   Altera   judicial process. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  Information regarding recent accounting pronouncements applicable to us is discussed in   Note 2      Recent Accounting Pronouncements    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for product development, operating activities, capital expenditures, repurchases of common stock, dividends, debt service, and acquisition opportunities that may arise. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. 
    
  We currently have access to sufficient funds for domestic operations and do not anticipate the need to repatriate funds associated with our permanently reinvested foreign earnings for use in U.S. operations. As of   October 31, 2016  , we have cash totaling   $235.4   held by our foreign subsidiaries. A significant portion of our cash held by our foreign subsidiaries is accessible without a significant cash tax cost as the repatriation of foreign earnings will be sheltered from U.S. federal tax by tax credits. To the extent our foreign earnings are not permanently reinvested, we have provided for the tax consequences that would ensue upon their repatriation. In the event funds which are treated as permanently reinvested are repatriated, we will be required to accrue and pay additional taxes to repatriate these funds. 
    
  On February 23, 2016 we paid an intercompany dividend from foreign subsidiaries of $150,000. As the earnings associated with these funds were not treated as permanently reinvested, any U.S. tax consequences had already been included in our tax provision in prior periods. 
    
  To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our invested cash; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our cash will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 
    
  At any point in time, we have significant balances in operating accounts that are with individual third-party financial institutions, which may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits or other regulatory insurance program limits. We monitor daily the cash balances in our operating accounts and adjust them as appropriate; however, these cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or are subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. 
    
  We anticipate that the following will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs on a short-term (twelve months or less) and a long-term (more than twelve months) basis: 
             
    Current cash balances; 
                
    Anticipated cash flows from operating activities, including the effects of selling and financing customer term receivables; 
                
    Amounts available under existing revolving credit facilities; and 
                
    Other available financing sources, such as the issuance of debt or equity securities. 
     
   29 

     Table of Contents  

We have experienced no difficulties to date in raising debt. However, capital markets can be volatile, and we cannot assure that we will be able to raise debt or equity capital on acceptable terms, if at all. 
    
  Cash Flow Information 

Operating Activities 
  Cash flows from operating activities consist of our net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities.  
    
  Trade Accounts and Term Receivables 
  Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by the payment terms on our license agreements and by our sales of qualifying accounts receivable. Our customers  inability to fulfill payment obligations could adversely affect our cash flow. We monitor our accounts receivable portfolio for customers with low or declining credit ratings and increase our collection efforts when necessary. Trade accounts and term receivables consisted of the following: 

The   decrease   in the average days sales outstanding, including the short-term portion of term receivables, as of   October 31, 2016   was primarily due to   a decrease   in accounts receivable in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year   2016  . The   decrease   in the average days sales outstanding, excluding the short-term portion of term receivables, as of   October 31, 2016   was primarily due to   a decrease   in accounts receivable in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year   2016  .  
    
  Term receivables are attributable to multi-year term license sales agreements. We include amounts for term agreements that are due within one year in trade accounts receivable, net, on our balance sheet and balances that are due in more than one year in term receivables, long-term. We use term agreements as a standard business practice and have a history of successfully collecting under the original payment terms without making concessions on payments, products, or services. Total term receivables were   $555.5   as of   October 31, 2016   compared to   $585.8   as of   January 31, 2016  . 
    
  We enter into agreements to sell qualifying accounts receivable from time to time to certain financing institutions on a non-recourse basis. We received net proceeds from the sale of receivables of   $45.1   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to   $42.0   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . We continue to have no difficulty in factoring receivables and continue to evaluate the economics of the sale of accounts receivable. We have not set a target for the sale of accounts receivables for the remainder of fiscal year   2017  . 
    
  Accrued Payroll and Related Liabilities 

The decrease in accrued payroll and related liabilities as of   October 31, 2016   compared to   January 31, 2016   was primarily due to incentive payments made during fiscal year   2017   on fiscal year   2016   year-end accruals. We generally experience higher accrued payroll and related liability balances at year-end primarily due to increased commission accruals associated with an increase in revenues in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we generally experience an increase in variable compensation at year-end due to the full year achievement of results. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
  Cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   primarily consisted of cash paid for capital expenditures and business acquisitions. 
    
  Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment were $  43.6   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   compared to   $28.3   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . The expenditures for property, plant, and equipment for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   were primarily a result of spending on information technology and infrastructure improvements within facilities. We expect total capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment for fiscal year   2017   to be approximately   $73.0  . We plan to finance these capital expenditures using cash on hand. 
    
  During the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , we had   $11.8   of expenditures for acquisitions of businesses and equity interests, compared to   $11.7   during the   nine months ended October 31, 2015  . We plan to finance future business acquisitions through cash and possible common stock issuances. The cash expected to be utilized includes cash on hand, cash generated from operating activities, and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. 
    
  Financing Activities 
  For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of the repurchase of common stock, the payment of dividends, a net decrease in short-term borrowings, repayments on the revolving credit facility, and payments related to tax withholding on vesting of share base awards partially offset by proceeds received from the employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) purchase and exercises of stock options. 
    
  During the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , we paid quarterly dividends of $0.055 per share of outstanding common stock for a total of   $17.8  . On   November 22, 2016  , we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.055 per share of outstanding common stock, payable on   January 3, 2017   to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   December 8, 2016  . Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the quarterly determination of our Board of Directors. 
    
  We currently have a share repurchase program, approved by our Board of Directors, authorizing the repurchase of up to $200 million of our common stock. We did not repurchase any shares of common stock under the repurchase program during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  . During the   nine months ended October 31, 2015   we repurchased   0.4   shares of common stock for   $10.0  . As of   October 31, 2016  ,   $90.0   remained available for purchase under the program. During the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , we repurchased   8.1   shares of common stock for   $146.1   in a single transaction that was not part of our repurchase program.  
    
  The terms of our revolving credit facility limit the combination of the amount of our common stock we can repurchase and the amount of dividends we can pay over the term of the facility to $200.0 plus 70% of our cumulative consolidated net income (loss) for periods after February 1, 2016. An additional   $58.4   is available for common stock purchases or dividend payments under this limit as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   we paid   $5.0   on our revolving credit facility. Repayments of other borrowings during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   consisted of deferred payments for consideration related to prior year acquisitions. 
    
  Other Factors Affecting Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  4.00% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2031  
  In April 2011, we issued $253.0 of 4.00% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2031 (4.00% Debentures). Interest on the 4.00% Debentures is payable semi-annually in April and October.  
    
  Each one thousand dollars in principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures is currently convertible, under certain circumstances, into   50.4551   shares of our common stock (equivalent to a conversion price of   $19.82   per share). The events that permit conversion are described in   Note 6  .    Notes Payable    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  
    
  Upon conversion of any 4.00% Debentures, a holder will receive: 
           (i) 
    Cash for the lesser of the principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures that are converted or the value of the converted shares; and 
     
   31 

     Table of Contents  

(ii) 
    Cash or shares of common stock, at our election, for the excess, if any, of the value of the converted shares over the principal amount. 
       
  If any one of the conversion events occurs, the 4.00% Debentures become convertible and the net balance of the 4.00% Debentures is classified as a current liability in our consolidated balance sheet. The classification of the 4.00% Debentures as current or long-term in the consolidated balance sheet is evaluated at each balance sheet date and may change from quarter to quarter depending on whether any of the conversion conditions are met.  
    
  During the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , the market price of our common stock exceeded   120%   of the conversion price for at least   20   of the last   30   trading days of the period. Accordingly, the 4.00% Debentures are convertible at the option of the holders through   January 31, 2017  . Therefore, the carrying value of the 4.00% Debentures is classified as a current liability. Additionally, the excess of the principal amount over the carrying amount of the 4.00% Debentures is reclassified from permanent equity to temporary equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   October 31, 2016  . If the market price of our common stock does not exceed   120%   of the conversion price for at least   20   of the last   30   trading days for the fiscal quarter ended   January 31, 2017  , the 4.00% Debentures will be reclassified as a long-term liability and the temporary equity will be reclassified to permanent equity in our consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  If all of the holders of the 4.00% Debentures elect to convert their debentures, we would be required to make cash payments of at least   $253.0   prior to the maturity of the 4.00% Debentures. 
    
  We believe that current cash balances, cash generated from our operating activities in future periods, access to our revolving credit facility, and additional financing arrangements will be sufficient to service any conversion of the 4.00% Debentures; however, future changes in our cash position; cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities; general business levels; and our access to additional financing, may impact our ability to settle the amount payable to the holders of any 4.00% Debentures that are converted. 
    
  Effective   April 5, 2016  , we may redeem some or all of the 4.00% Debentures for cash at the following redemption prices expressed as a percentage of principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest: 

The holders, at their option, may redeem the 4.00% Debentures for cash on April 1, 2018, April 1, 2021, and April 1, 2026, and in the event of a fundamental change in the company. In each case, the repurchase price will be 100% of the principal amount of the 4.00% Debentures plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  For further information on the 4.00% Debentures, see   Note 6  .    Notes Payable    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
  We have a syndicated, senior, unsecured, revolving credit facility with a maximum borrowing capacity of $125.0, which expires on January 9, 2020. Our interest rate on the facility is variable. Because the interest rate is variable, our interest expense associated with borrowings under this revolving credit facility will vary with market interest rates. Additionally, commitment fees can vary as they are payable on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility at rates between 0.30% and 0.40%. 
    
  We had borrowings of   $20.0   against the revolving credit facility as of   October 31, 2016   compared to   $25.0   of borrowings as of   January 31, 2016  .  
    
  This revolving credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants, including a limit on the aggregate amount we can pay for dividends and repurchases of our stock over the term of the facility. 
    
  We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of   October 31, 2016  . If we fail to comply with the financial covenants and do not obtain a waiver from our lenders, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and our lenders could terminate the facility and demand immediate repayment of all outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility. 
    
  For further information on our revolving credit facility, see   Note 5  .    Short-Term Borrowings    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

OUTLOOK FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
  On   November 12, 2016  , we entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Siemens Industry, Inc. (Siemens) and Meadowlark Subsidiary Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Siemens. As a result of the acquisition announcement, we will not provide an outlook for future financial results and have withdrawn all previously issued financial guidance. 

33 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     Unless otherwise indicated, all numerical references in tables are in millions, except interest rates and contract rates. 

Interest Rate Risk 
  We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through our investment portfolio, short-term borrowings, and notes payable. 
    
  We place our investments in instruments that meet high quality credit standards, as specified in our investment policy. The policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and type of instrument. We do not expect any material loss with respect to our investment portfolio.  
    
  The table below presents the carrying amount and related weighted-average fixed interest rates for our investment portfolio. The carrying amount approximates fair value as of   October 31, 2016  .  
                         Principal (notional) amounts in United States dollars 
    Carrying Amount 
      
    Average Fixed Interest Rate 
      Cash equivalents - fixed rate 
    $ 
    151.0 

0.52% 

We have convertible subordinated debentures with a principal balance of $253.0 outstanding with a fixed interest rate of 4.00% as of   October 31, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  . Generally, interest rate changes for fixed rate debt affect the fair value of the debt but do not affect future earnings or cash flow. 
    
  We have a syndicated, senior, unsecured, revolving credit facility, which expires on   January 9, 2020  . Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are permitted to a maximum of   $125.0  . Our interest rate on the facility is variable. Because the interest rate is variable, our interest expense associated with borrowings under this revolving credit facility will vary with market interest rates. As of   October 31, 2016   we had an outstanding balance of   $20.0   against this revolving credit facility compared to   no   outstanding balance as of   October 31, 2015  . Generally, interest rate changes for variable interest rate debt do not affect fair value, but do affect future earnings and cash flow. For further information on our revolving credit facility, see   Note 5  .    Short-Term Borrowings    in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements.  
    
  We had other short-term borrowings of   $1.0   outstanding as of   October 31, 2016   and   October 31, 2015   with variable rates based on market indexes. 

Foreign Currency Risk 
  We transact business in various foreign currencies and have established a program to hedge certain foreign currency forecasted transactions and exposures from existing assets and liabilities. Our derivative instruments consist of short-term foreign currency exchange contracts, with a duration period of a year or less. We enter into contracts with counterparties who are major financial institutions and, as such we do not expect material losses as a result of defaults by our counterparties. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
    
  We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to protect against currency exchange risk associated with expected future cash flows. Our practice is to hedge a majority of our existing material foreign currency transaction exposures, which generally represent the excess of expected euro denominated expenses over expected euro denominated revenues, and the excess of expected Japanese yen denominated revenues over expected Japanese yen denominated expenses. We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to protect against currency exchange risk associated with existing monetary assets and liabilities. 
    
  The following table provides volume information about our foreign currency forward program. The information is provided in United States dollar equivalent amounts. The table presents the gross notional amounts at contract exchange rates and the weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates. These forward contracts mature within the next twelve months. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

(1)   
    Other includes the Canadian dollar, British pound, Chinese yuan, Swiss franc, Armenian dram, Polish zloty, Danish krone, Russian ruble, Norwegian krone, Korean won, Taiwan dollar, Hungarian forint, Chilean peso, Romanian new leu, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona. 
     
   35 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     (1) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is accurately recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
    
  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
    
  (2) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   36 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time we are involved in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and lawsuits relating to intellectual property (IP) rights, contracts, distributorships, and employee relations matters. Periodically, we review the status of various disputes and litigation matters and assess our potential exposure. When we consider the potential loss from any dispute or legal matter probable and the amount or the range of loss can be estimated, we will accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Legal proceedings are subject to uncertainties, and the outcomes are difficult to predict. Because of such uncertainties, we base accruals on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation matters and may revise estimates. We believe that the outcome of current litigation, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our results of operations. 
    
  In some instances, we are unable to reasonably estimate any potential loss or range of loss. The nature and progression of litigation can make it difficult to predict the impact a particular lawsuit will have. There are many reasons why we cannot make these assessments, including, among others, one or more of the following: a proceeding being in its early stages; damages sought that are unspecific, unsupportable, unexplained or uncertain; discovery not having been started or being incomplete; the complexity of the facts that are in dispute; the difficulty of assessing novel claims; the parties not having engaged in any meaningful settlement discussions; the possibility that other parties may share in any ultimate liability; and/or the often slow pace of litigation. 
    
  Synopsys, Inc. and Emulation and Verification Engineering S.A. and EVE-USA, Inc. 
  In December 2012, Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys) filed a lawsuit claiming patent infringement against us in the United States (U.S.) District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that our Veloce        family of products infringed four Synopsys U.S. patents. In January 2015, the court issued a summary judgment order in our favor invalidating all asserted claims of three of the Synopsys patents. In June 2015, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ruled that claims of the remaining patent asserted against us by Synopsys are unpatentable. This case is no longer on the court s docket for trial. Synopsys appealed the decisions by both the district court and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has unanimously confirmed the invalidity of all four Synopsys patents.  
    
  In June 2013, Synopsys also filed a claim against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon, similarly alleging that our Veloce family of products infringed on two additional Synopsys U.S. patents. These claims have been dismissed, and have been appealed. 
    
  We believe these lawsuits were filed in response to patent lawsuits we filed in 2010 and 2012 against Emulation and Verification Engineering S.A. and EVE-USA, Inc. (together EVE), which Synopsys acquired in October 2012. 
    
  On October 10, 2014, the jury in our patent lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon found that one of our patents - U.S. Patent No. 6,240,376 - was infringed by EVE and Synopsys. As part of the verdict, the jury awarded us damages of approximately $36 million as well as certain royalties. As of   October 31, 2016   nothing has been included in our financial results for this award. Synopsys has filed an appeal, and is currently seeking to have the infringed claims invalidated by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
  On March 12, 2015, the Oregon court granted our request for a permanent injunction against future sales of Synopsys emulators containing infringing technology. 
    
  In December 2010, we filed a patent lawsuit against EVE in Tokyo district court, which sought compensatory damages and an injunction against the sale of EVE emulation products. The technical trial for the Japanese litigation was held in October 2014. In May 2015, the court issued a preliminary verdict of non-infringement. A Japanese appeals court has ratified that verdict. 
    
  We do not have sufficient information upon which to determine that a loss in connection with these matters is probable, reasonably possible, or estimable, and thus no liability has been established nor has a range of loss been disclosed. 
    
  Securities Class Action and Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits    
  On March 18, 2016, a purported securities class action lawsuit,   Haroutunian v. Mentor Graphics,   was filed in the U.S.   District Court     for the District of     Oregon against   the company and three executive officers alleging violations of federal securities  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

laws. The complaint alleges that the company and certain of our officers made material misstatements and omissions in press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings and analyst conference calls concerning the company's business prospects and financial projections that artificially inflated the price of the company s stock. The lead plaintiff has been appointed and plaintiff's amended complaint was filed with the court on August 10, 2016. A class of plaintiffs has not been certified by the court. On April 22, 2016, a related shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in Multnomah County Circuit Court in Oregon,   Aransu v. Rhines  , against the company s board of directors at the time, certain executive officers and the company as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges that the directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties to the company, were unjustly enriched, wasted corporate assets and committed insider selling. The shareholder derivative lawsuit generally alleges the same facts as the securities class action. The parties have agreed to stay proceedings in the   Aransu   lawsuit, pending the determination of certain issues or occurrence of certain events in the   Haroutunian   lawsuit. The complaints do not request a specific amount of damages and we are unable to predict the outcome of these suits. 

38 

Table of Contents  

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors. 
     The forward-looking statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact including without limitation statements containing the words  believes,   expects,   projections,  and words of similar meaning, constitute forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Moreover, from time to time, we may issue other forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements regarding financial performance in future periods, do not reflect potential impacts of mergers or acquisitions or other significant transactions or events that have not been announced as of the time the statements are made. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect future events or revised expectations. Our business faces many risks, and set forth below are some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. 
  The announcement and pendency of our agreement to be acquired by United States-based entities affiliated with Siemens AG could adversely affect our business. 
  On November 14, 2016, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement for United States (U.S.)-based entities affiliated with Siemens AG ( Siemens ) to acquire us. Uncertainty about the effect of the proposed transaction on our customers, employees and other parties may adversely affect our business. Customers may refrain from doing business with us or delay placing orders because of uncertainty, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our employees may experience uncertainty about their roles or seniority following the transaction. There can be no assurance that our employees, including key personnel, can be retained to the same extent that we have previously been able to attract and retain employees. Any loss or distraction of such employees could adversely affect our business and operations. In addition, we have diverted, and will continue to divert, significant management resources toward the completion of the transaction, which could adversely affect our business and operations. Parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the transaction and related transactions, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us. 
  The failure to complete the sale to entities affiliated with Siemens could adversely affect our business. 
  Completion of the sale is subject to conditions, which may or may not be within our control, that may prevent, delay, or otherwise adversely affect its completion. The consummation of the transaction is conditioned on (1) receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and certain foreign antitrust laws, as well as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S.; (2) the accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants contained in the definitive agreement; and (3) other customary conditions. If any of these conditions are not satisfied or waived, it is possible that the transaction will not be consummated in the expected time frame or that the definitive agreement may be terminated. If the proposed sale or a similar transaction is not completed, the share price of our common stock will drop to the extent that the current market price of our common stock reflects an assumption that a transaction will be completed. In addition, under circumstances defined in the definitive agreement, we may be required to pay a termination fee of $134.45 million to Siemens. Further, a failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. Finally, any disruption to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the transaction and from intensifying competition from our competitors, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our customers, employees and other parties, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction. There can be no assurance that our business, these relationships or our financial condition will not be adversely affected, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the transaction, if the transaction is not consummated. 
  While the acquisition by Siemens is pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could harm our operations and the future of our business or result in a loss of employees. 
  The definitive agreement for our acquisition includes restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the completion of the transaction, generally requiring us to conduct our businesses in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, and subjecting us to a variety of specified limitations unless we obtain Siemens s prior written consent. We may find that these and other contractual arrangements in the definitive agreement may delay, prevent or limit us from responding effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management and board of directors think that they may be advisable. In connection with the pending transaction, it is possible that some customers and other persons with whom we have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationship with us as a result of the transaction. In addition, whether or not the transaction is completed, while it is pending we will continue to incur costs, fees, expenses and  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

charges related to the proposed transaction, which may materially and adversely affect our business results and financial condition. 
  Weakness in the United States and international economies may harm our business. 
  Our revenue levels are generally dependent on the level of technology capital spending, which includes worldwide expenditures for electronic design automation (EDA) software, hardware, and consulting services. Periods of economic uncertainty arising out of concerns such as weakness in the European Union relating to debt issues or political instability, slowing growth in China, and the continuing weakness of the Japanese economy can adversely affect our customers. In addition, an unusual consolidation has been occurring in the semiconductor industry worldwide. As a result, customers may postpone decisions to license or purchase our products, reduce their spending, or be less able or willing to fulfill payment obligations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, significant customer payment defaults or bankruptcies could materially harm our business. 
  We are subject to the cyclical nature of the integrated circuit and electronics systems industries. 
  Purchases of our products and services are highly dependent upon new design projects initiated by customers in the integrated circuit (IC) and electronics systems industries. These industries are highly cyclical and are subject to constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence, price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles, and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The increasing complexity of ICs and resulting increase in costs to design and manufacture ICs have in recent years led to fewer design starts, which could reduce demand for our products. In addition, the IC and electronics systems industries regularly experience significant downturns, often connected with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles within such companies or a decline in general economic conditions. These downturns could cause diminished demand for our products and services. The current slowdown in smartphone and personal computer sales appears to be adversely affecting our semiconductor customers. 
  Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of merger and acquisition activity by our customers. 
  Like many industries, the semiconductor and electronics industries are subject to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, and our customers or parts of their business may acquire or be acquired by other customers. Merger and acquisition activity in the semiconductor industry was unusually strong during 2015 and remained strong through the first half of 2016. This activity appears to be the result of semiconductor companies, experiencing slower sales in their existing market segments, desiring to broaden the scope of their businesses and to spread the rising costs of product development and use of advanced technologies across a larger organization. Increasing consolidation could result in fewer customers in these industries or the loss of some customers to competitors, or reduced customer spending on software and services due to redundancies or stronger customer negotiating power, which could have an adverse effect on our business and future revenues. 
  Our forecasts of our revenues and earnings outlook may be inaccurate. 
  Our revenues, particularly new hardware and software license revenues, are difficult to forecast. We use a  pipeline  system, a common industry practice, to forecast revenues and trends in our business. Sales personnel monitor the status of potential business and estimate when a customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount of the sale, and the products or services to be sold. These estimates are aggregated periodically to generate a sales pipeline. Our pipeline estimates may prove to be unreliable either in a particular quarter or over a longer period of time, in part because the  conversion rate  of the pipeline into contracts can be very difficult to estimate and requires management judgment. A variation in the conversion rate could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and materially adversely impact our business or our planned results of operations. In particular, a slowdown in customer spending or weak economic conditions generally can reduce the conversion rate in a particular quarter as purchasing decisions are delayed, reduced in amount, or canceled. The conversion rate can also be affected by the tendency of some of our customers to postpone negotiating the terms of a transaction until the end of a fiscal quarter anticipating they will obtain more favorable terms. This may result in failure to agree to terms within the fiscal quarter and cause expected revenue to slip into a subsequent quarter. 
  Our business could be impacted by fluctuations in quarterly results of operations due to customer seasonal purchasing patterns, the timing of significant orders, and the mix of licenses, products, and services purchased by our customers. 
  We have experienced, and may continue to experience, varied quarterly operating results. Various factors affect our quarterly operating results and some of these are not within our control, including customer demand and the timing of significant orders. We typically experience seasonality in demand for our products due to the purchasing cycles of our customers, with revenues in the fourth quarter generally being the highest. If planned contract renewals are delayed or the average size of renewed contracts is smaller than we anticipate, we could fail to meet our own and investors  expectations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and stock price. 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

Our revenues are also affected by the mix of transaction types in which we recognize revenues in different ways as required by accounting rules: as payments become due and payable, on a cash basis, ratably over the license term, or at the beginning of the license term. A shift in the license mix toward increased ratable, due and payable, and/or cash-based revenue recognition could result in increased deferral of revenues to future periods and would decrease current revenues, which could result in not meeting our near-term revenue expectations. 
  The gross margin on our software is greater than that for our hardware systems, software support, and professional services. Therefore, our gross margin may vary as a result of the mix of products and services sold. We also have a significant amount of fixed or relatively fixed costs, such as employee costs and purchased technology amortization, and costs which are committed in advance and can only be adjusted periodically. As a result, a small failure to reach planned revenues would likely have a relatively large negative effect on resulting earnings. If anticipated revenues do not materialize as expected, our gross margin and operating results could be materially adversely impacted. 
  We face intense price competition in the EDA industry. 
  Price competition in the EDA industry is intense, which can lead to, among other things, price reductions, longer selling cycles, lower product margins, loss of market share, and additional working capital requirements. If our competitors offer significant discounts on certain products, we may need to lower our prices or offer other favorable terms to compete successfully. Any such changes would likely reduce margins and could materially adversely impact our operating results. Any broad-based changes to our prices and pricing policies could cause new license and service revenues to decline or be delayed as the sales force implements and our customers adjust to the new pricing policies. Some of our competitors may bundle certain software or hardware products with other more desirable products at low prices or no marginal cost for promotional purposes as a long-term pricing strategy, or engage in predatory pricing. These practices could significantly reduce demand for our products or limit our pricing. 
  We currently compete primarily with two large companies: Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys) and Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (Cadence). We also compete with smaller companies with focused product portfolios and manufacturers of electronic devices and semiconductor equipment that have acquired or internally developed their own EDA products. 
  Emulation technology is complex and difficult to develop; inaccurate forecasts of customer demand for existing and new emulation products may adversely affect our results. 
  Designing, developing, and introducing new emulation products is a complicated process. The development process for our emulation products requires a high level of innovation. After the development phase, we must be able to forecast customer demand and manufacture next generation products with features, capacity and performance desired by customers in sufficient volumes to meet this demand in a cost effective manner. Our manufacturing model, in which our emulation products generally are not built until after customer orders have been forecast, may from time to time experience delays in delivering products to customers in a timely manner. These delays could cause our customers to purchase emulation products from our competitors. Customers may also delay purchases of existing products in anticipation of our next generation product releases or those of our competitors. We may be unable to minimize this impact by anticipating and managing the addition of, and transition to, new generations of emulation hardware. Conversely, if we manufacture emulation products in anticipation of future sales which do not timely occur, we may hold excess inventory with associated risks of product obsolescence.  
  We may experience difficulty in manufacturing our emulation hardware. 
  We currently use one manufacturer to assemble our hardware emulation products and purchase some components from a single supplier. We may be exposed to delays in production and delivery of our emulation products due to delays in receiving components or manufacturing constraints; components rejected that do not meet our standards; components with latent defects; low yields of ICs, subassemblies, or printed circuit boards (PCBs); or other delays in the manufacturing process. For single source parts we purchase for our emulation products, there can be no assurance that if a supplier cannot deliver, a second source can be found on a timely basis. Our reliance on sole suppliers may also result in reduced control over product pricing and quality. Natural disasters such as weather or earthquakes may adversely affect the supply of components, sub-assemblies or shipment of final products.  
  Foreign currency fluctuations may have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
  We typically generate more than half of our revenues from customers outside the U.S. and we generate approximately 40% of our expenses outside the U.S. While most of our international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, our international operating expenses are typically denominated in foreign currencies. Significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly in the Japanese yen and the euro, could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results, and require increased time and attention of our management. 
  Our international operations subject us to risks in addition to those we face in our domestic operations, including longer receivable collection periods; issues relating to complying with complex customs regulations and paying customs duties and value added taxes; changes in a specific country s or region s economic or political conditions; trade protection measures; trade sanctions, such as those imposed on Russia by the U.S. and the European Union; local labor laws; import or export licensing requirements; anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and other similar laws; loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; limitations on repatriation of earnings; and difficulties with licensing and protecting our intellectual property (IP) rights. If we violate laws related to our business, we could be subject to penalties, fines, or other sanctions and could be prohibited or restricted from doing business in one or more countries. 
  Integrated circuit, printed circuit board and systems technology evolves rapidly. 
  The complexity of ICs, PCBs, and electrical systems continues to rapidly increase. In response to this increasing complexity, new design tools and methodologies must be invented or acquired quickly to remain competitive. If we fail to quickly respond to new technological developments, our products could become obsolete or uncompetitive, which could materially adversely impact our business. 
  We may have to replace emulation components under warranty or under support contracts. 
  Our emulation hardware products are complex and despite pre-shipment testing, some defects may only appear after the products are put into use under operating conditions, including longer-term, continuous use at high capacities. As a result, customers may experience failures requiring us to replace components under warranty or as part of our customer support obligations, thus increasing our costs and reducing availability of components for other sales. 
  Errors or defects in our products and services could expose us to liability. 
  Our customers use our products and services in designing and developing products that involve a high degree of technological complexity and have unique specifications. Due to the complexity of the systems and products with which we work, some of our products can be adequately tested only when put to full use in the marketplace. As a result, our customers or their end users may discover errors or defects in our software, or the products or systems designed with or manufactured using our software may not operate as expected. Errors or defects could result in: 
             
    Loss of current customers and market share, and loss of or delay in revenue; 
                
    Failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance; 
                
    Diversion of development resources to resolve problems resulting from errors or defects; 
                
    Disputes with customers relating to such errors or defects, which could result in litigation or other concessions; and 
                
    Increased support or service costs. 
     In addition, we include limited amounts of third-party technology in our products and we rely on those third parties to provide support services to us. Failure of those third parties to provide necessary support services could materially adversely impact our business. 
  Long sales cycles and delay in customer completion of projects make the timing of our revenues difficult to predict. 
  Our products have long sales cycles. A lengthy customer evaluation and approval process is generally required due to the complexity and expense associated with our products and services. Consequently, we may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management effort and expense to develop potential relationships that do not result in agreements or revenues and may prevent us from pursuing other opportunities. Purchases of our products and services are sometimes discretionary and may be delayed if customers postpone approval or commencement of projects due to budgetary constraints, internal acceptance review procedures, timing of budget cycles, or timing of competitive evaluation processes. Long sales cycles for our hardware products may subject us to risks over which we have limited control, including insufficient, excess, or obsolete inventory, variations in inventory valuation, and fluctuations in quarterly operating results. 
  Any loss of our leadership position in certain categories of the EDA market could harm our business. 
  The industry in which we compete is characterized by very strong leadership positions in specific categories of the EDA market. For example, one company may have a large percentage of sales in the physical verification category of the market while another may have a similarly strong position in mixed-signal simulation. These strong leadership positions can be maintained for significant periods of time as the software is difficult to master and customers are disinclined to make changes  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

once their employees, as well as others in the industry, have developed familiarity with a particular software product. For these reasons, much of our profitability arises from niche areas in which we are the leader. Conversely, it is difficult for us to achieve significant profits in niche areas where other companies are the leaders. If for any reason we lose our leadership position in an important niche, our business could be materially adversely impacted. 
  Conflict minerals regulations may adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 
  The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has adopted disclosure rules for companies that use conflict minerals (commonly referred to as tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold) in their products, with substantial supply chain verification requirements if the materials come from, or could have come from, the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. These requirements could affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of materials used in our hardware products as well as the companies we use to manufacture our products and their components. As a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict-free metals, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. The costs of complying with these rules could adversely affect our current or future business.    
  Pre-announcing products may adversely impact current sales. 
  We or our competitors sometimes pre-announce or provide "road maps" of the expected availability of new hardware or software products or product features. Such pre-announcements, whether offered by the pre-announcing company or its competitors, can result in customers canceling or deferring orders for currently offered products anticipating that currently offered products may be uncompetitive or lacking in features or performance. In the case of hardware products, slowing sales may cause inventories to increase or become obsolete, resulting in the need to discount or reduce production of current products. 
  We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from relatively few product groups. 
  We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from sales of relatively few product groups and related support services. As a result, any factor adversely affecting sales of these products, including product release cycles, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, and economic and market conditions, could harm our operating results. 
  Accounting rules governing revenue recognition are complex and periodically change. 
  The accounting rules governing revenue recognition are complex and are revised periodically. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). This rule is based on the principle that the amount of revenue recognized should reflect the consideration an entity expects to receive for goods and services provided to customers. The rule defines a five step process for revenue recognition, making it possible for more judgment and estimation within the revenue recognition process than is required under existing U.S. GAAP. Currently, we will be required to implement this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The standard permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not yet selected a transition method, nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. Implementation of this new standard could have a significant effect on our reported financial results. 
  We may have additional tax liabilities. 
  Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the provision for income taxes including the determination of research and development incentives and other credits and other tax liabilities worldwide. Our tax expense may be impacted if our intercompany transactions, which are required to be computed on an arm s-length basis, are successfully challenged by tax authorities. The application of transfer pricing involves subjectivity, with a variety of application between countries. Transfer pricing disputes are especially common in certain countries, and on specific types of transactions such as business and IP transfers and management fees, and are increasingly resulting in litigation. Additionally, our tax expense could be impacted if a tax authority successfully asserted that we, or one of our subsidiaries, has a taxable presence in a country where a member of our group is not currently filing. Increasingly, tax authorities are asserting that foreign companies have unreported taxable presences, and various authorities are either evaluating or adjusting their laws and practices to lower the threshold for a taxable presence in conjunction with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development s (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project.  
  Our tax expense could be impacted by the applicability of withholding taxes on software licenses, services, and related intercompany transactions in certain jurisdictions. In determining the adequacy of income taxes, we assess the likelihood of  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

adverse outcomes that could result if our tax positions were challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other local or foreign tax authorities. The tax authorities in many of the countries where we do business regularly examine our income and other tax returns, and the ultimate outcome of these tax audits or other examinations cannot be predicted with certainty.  
  U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided for on undistributed earnings of certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. A change in our decision concerning the amount of historical foreign earnings not considered indefinitely reinvested could increase our effective tax rate.  
  Forecasting our income tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty. 
  The computation of income tax expense (benefit) is complex as it is based on the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions and requires significant judgment on the application of complicated rules governing accounting for tax provisions under U.S. GAAP. Income tax expense (benefit) for interim quarters is based on a forecast of our global tax rate, including a separate determination for entities, if any, with losses for which no tax benefit is obtained. This forecast contains numerous assumptions and includes forward looking financial projections, such as the expectations of profit and loss by jurisdiction. Various items cannot be accurately forecast and future events may be treated as discrete to the period in which they occur. Our income tax rate can be materially impacted, for example, by the geographical mix of our profits and losses; changes in our business, such as internal restructuring and acquisitions; changes in tax laws and accounting guidance, and other regulatory, legislative or judicial developments; tax audit determinations; changes in our tax positions; changes in our intent and capacity to permanently reinvest foreign earnings; changes to our transfer pricing practices; tax deductions attributed to equity compensation; and changes in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. For these reasons, our overall global tax rate may be materially different from our forecast. 
  Certain tax policy efforts, including the OECD s BEPS Project, the European Commission s state aid investigations, and other initiatives could have a material effect on the taxation of international businesses, particularly companies with global IP and supply chain structures, and companies which publish software. Furthermore, many of the countries where we are subject to taxes, including the U.S., are independently evaluating their tax policies and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. Certain countries, such as the United Kingdom with its Diverted Profits Tax, have already enacted legislation which could affect international businesses, and other countries have become more aggressive in their approach to audits and enforcement of their applicable tax laws. Such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies, or practices, could increase our effective tax rates in various countries where we have operations and our overall tax rate could be materially affected, impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
  There are limitations on the effectiveness of controls  . 
  We do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud or that our policies and procedures can prevent all violations of the law by our employees, contractors, or agents. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that our control system will detect all errors and instances of fraud, if any, or prevent our employees, contractors, or agents from breaching or circumventing our policies or violating laws and regulations. Failure of our control systems to prevent error and fraud or violations of the law could materially adversely impact us. 
  We are subject to changing corporate governance regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. 
  Rules and regulations set out by various governmental and self-regulatory organizations in the U.S. such as the SEC, NASDAQ, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and the FASB, as well as in other worldwide locations where we operate, are continually evolving in scope and complexity which makes compliance increasingly difficult and uncertain. The increase in costs to develop awareness and comply with such evolving rules and regulations as well as any risk of noncompliance could adversely impact us. 
  We may not realize revenues as a result of our investments in research and development. 
  We incur substantial expense to develop new products. Research and development activities are often performed over long periods of time. These efforts may not result in successful product offerings because of changes in market conditions, competitive product offerings, advancements in technology or our failure to successfully develop products based on that  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

research and development activity. As a result, we could realize little or no revenues related to our investment in research and development. 
  We may acquire other companies and may not successfully integrate them. 
  We have acquired numerous businesses and are frequently in discussions with potential acquisition candidates, and we may acquire other businesses in the future. While we generally analyze potential transactions before committing to them, we cannot provide assurance that any completed transaction will result in long-term benefits to us or our shareholders or that we will be able to manage the acquired businesses effectively. In addition, growth through acquisition involves a number of risks. If any of the following events occurs after we acquire another business, it could materially adversely impact us: 
             
    Difficulties in combining previously separate businesses into a single unit; 
                
    The substantial diversion of management s attention from ongoing business when integrating the acquired business; 
                
    The failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and increases in revenues; 
                
    The failure to retain key personnel of the acquired business; 
                
    Difficulties related to assimilating the products and services of an acquired business in, for example, distribution, engineering, and customer support areas; 
                
    Unanticipated costs; 
                
    Unanticipated liabilities or litigation in connection with or as a result of an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers, or third parties; 
                
    Adverse impacts on existing relationships with suppliers and customers; and 
                
    Failure to understand and compete effectively in markets in which we have limited experience. 
     Acquired businesses may not perform as projected, which could result in impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets. Additional challenges include integration of sales channels, training and education of the sales force for new product offerings, integration of product development efforts, integration of systems of internal controls, and integration of information systems. Accordingly, in any acquisition there will be uncertainty as to the achievement and timing of projected synergies, cost savings, and sales levels for acquired products. All of these factors could impair our ability to forecast, meet revenues and earnings targets, and effectively manage our business for long-term growth. 
  Our competitors may acquire technology or other companies that impact our business. 
  Our competitors may acquire technology or companies offering competing or complementary product offerings which could adversely impact our ability to compete. A competitor may be able to deliver better or broader product offerings, offer better pricing, or otherwise make it more desirable for our customers to buy more of the tools in their design flow after the acquisition. In addition, our competitors may purchase companies or technology that we had an interest in acquiring, which could limit our expansion into certain market segments. Similarly, our competitors may purchase companies or technology on which we have a dependency resulting from our having bundled the acquired software with our products for licensing to customers or our use of the acquired software in our research and development environment. 
  Customer payment defaults could adversely affect our timing of revenue recognition. 
  We use fixed-term license agreements as standard business practices with customers we believe are creditworthy. These multi-year, multi-element term license agreements have payments spread over the license term and are typically about three years in length for semiconductor companies and about four years in length for IC foundries and military and aerospace companies. The complexity of these agreements tends to increase the risk of non-collectibility from customers that can arise for a variety of reasons including ability to pay, product dissatisfaction, and disputes. If we are unable to collect under these agreements, our results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. We have a history of successfully collecting under the original payment terms of fixed-term license agreements without making concessions on payments, products, or services. If we no longer had a history of collecting without providing concessions on the terms of the agreements, U.S. GAAP would require revenue to be recognized as the payments become due and payable over the license term. This change could have a material adverse impact on our near-term results. 
  We may not adequately protect our proprietary rights or we may fail to obtain software or other intellectual property licenses. 
  Our success depends, in large part, upon our proprietary technology. We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, licenses, and restrictive agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights in technology and products.  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

Despite precautions we take to protect our IP, we cannot provide assurance that third parties will not challenge, invalidate, or circumvent these protections. The companies in the EDA industry, as well as entities and persons outside the industry, continue to obtain patents at a rapid rate. We cannot predict if any of these patents will cover any of our products. In addition, many of these entities have substantially larger patent portfolios than we have. As a result, we may on occasion be forced to engage in costly patent litigation to protect our rights or defend our customers  rights. We may also need to settle these claims on terms that are unfavorable; such settlements could result in the payment of significant damages or royalties, or force us to stop selling or redesign one or more products. We cannot provide assurance that the rights granted under our patents will provide us with a competitive advantage, that patents will be issued on any of our pending applications, or that future patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, recent U.S. court decisions have weakened the enforceability of patents for software-related inventions, which make up a large portion of our patent portfolio. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent as U.S. law protects these rights in the U.S. In addition, despite the actions we take to limit piracy, other parties regularly illegally copy and use our products, which results in lost revenue. 
  Some of our products include software or other IP licensed from third parties, and we may have to seek new licenses or renew existing licenses for software and other IP in the future. Failure to obtain software or other IP licenses or rights from third parties on favorable terms could materially adversely impact us. 
  Alice court ruling could have a negative effect on the validity of some of our U.S. patents. 
  On June 19, 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a significant decision in   Alice Corp. Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank Int'l  , in which the Court tightened the standard for patentability of software inventions. The Court stated that if a person has an idea so abstract that it cannot be patented, simply tying it to a "generic computer cannot transform a patent-ineligible abstract idea into a patent-eligible invention." Many commentators believe the   Alice   decision is another in a line of cases intended to limit the use of poor quality software patents. In any event, the   Alice   decision will provide accused infringers of software patents new arguments to challenge the validity of such patents. At this time, the effects of the   Alice   decision are still being assessed by patent holders, attorneys, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and courts. The   Alice   decision and related U.S. Supreme Court decisions could potentially have a negative effect on the validity of some of our U.S. patents. 
  Intellectual property infringement actions may harm our business. 
  Patent holders are making increasing efforts to monetize their patent portfolios. IP infringement claims against us directly, or where we contractually must defend our customers, could result in costly litigation and consume significant time of employees and management. In addition, IP litigation could harm our business, due to damage awards, payment of legal fees, an obligation to refund license fees to a customer or forgo receipt of future customer payments, the need to license technology on what might be unfavorable business terms, injunctions that could stop or delay future shipments, or the need to redesign our technology. For example, we are currently engaged in patent infringement litigation involving Emulation and Verification Engineering S.A., EVE-USA, Inc., and Synopsys. Further information regarding these lawsuits is contained in Part II, Item 1. "Legal Proceedings". 
  Our use of open source software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and may subject us to unanticipated obligations. 
  The products, services or technologies we acquire, license, provide or develop may incorporate or use open source software. We monitor and restrict our use of open source software in an effort to avoid unintended consequences, such as reciprocal license grants, patent retaliation clauses, and the requirement to license our products at no cost. Nevertheless, we may be subject to unanticipated obligations regarding our products which incorporate open source software. 
  Our failure to attract and retain key employees may harm us. 
  We depend on the efforts and abilities of our senior management, our research and development staff, and a number of other key management, sales, support, technical, and services personnel. Competition for experienced, high-quality personnel is intense, and we cannot provide assurance that we can continue to recruit and retain such personnel. Our failure to hire and retain such personnel could impair our ability to develop new products and manage our business effectively. 
  We have global sales and research and development offices in parts of the world that are not as politically stable as the United States. 
  We have global sales and research and development offices, some of which are in parts of the world that are not as politically stable as the U.S. In particular, approximately 15% of our workforce, and a larger percentage of our engineers, are located in our offices in Armenia, Egypt, Israel, Morocco, Pakistan, and Russia which are subject to disruption or closure from time to  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

time. As a result, we may face a greater risk of business interruption as a result of potential unrest, terrorist acts, or military conflicts than businesses located domestically. This could have a material adverse effect on product delivery and our research and development operations. 
  Our business is subject to the risk of natural disasters. 
  We have sales and research and development offices worldwide which may be adversely affected by weather, earthquakes, or other natural disasters. If a natural disaster occurs at or near any of our offices, our operations may be interrupted, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. In addition, if a natural disaster impacts a significant number of our customers, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
  If our information technology security measures are breached, our information systems may be perceived as being insecure, which could harm our business and reputation. 
  Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information owned by us and our customers. We have sales and research and development offices throughout the world. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations worldwide. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to breach by cyber-attacks, errors or malicious actions by employees or contractors, or other disruptions that could result in unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information and could significantly interfere with our business operations. Breaches of our security measures could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, adverse publicity, violations of privacy laws, and litigation. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage information systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, with the use of "cloud" services in our business, despite our attempts to validate the security of such services, proprietary information may be misappropriated by third parties. If there is an actual or perceived breach of our security, or the security of one of our vendors, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could suffer damage to our reputation or our business, lose existing customers or increase the difficulty of gaining new customers. 
  Our revolving credit facility has financial and non-financial covenants, and default of any covenant could materially adversely impact us. 
  Our bank revolving credit facility imposes operating restrictions on us in the form of financial and non-financial covenants. Financial covenants include adjusted quick ratio, tangible net worth, leverage ratio, senior leverage ratio, and minimum cash and accounts receivable ratio. If we were to fail to comply with the financial covenants and did not obtain a waiver from our lenders, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and our lenders could terminate the facility and demand immediate repayment of all outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility. The declaration of an event of default could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We could also find it difficult to obtain other bank lines or credit facilities on comparable terms. 
  We have a substantial level of indebtedness. 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , we had $  279.6 million   of outstanding indebtedness, which includes principal of $  253.0 million   of 4.00% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2031 (4.00% Debentures), $  5.2 million   in other notes payable, and $  21.4 million   in short-term borrowings. This level of indebtedness among other things could: 
             
    Make it difficult for us to satisfy payment obligations on our debt; 
                
    Make it difficult for us to incur additional indebtedness or obtain any necessary financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, acquisitions, or general corporate purposes; 
                
    Limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business; 
                
    Reduce funds available for use in our operations; 
                
    Make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business; and 
                
    Place us at a possible competitive disadvantage relative to less leveraged competitors and competitors that have greater access to capital resources. 
     We may also be unable to borrow funds as a result of an inability of financial institutions to lend due to restrictive lending policies and/or institutional liquidity concerns. 
  Our 4.00% Debentures are convertible under certain circumstances at a conversion price as of   October 31, 2016   of   $19.82   per share (as adjusted for the effect of cash dividends and other applicable items). These circumstances include the market price of our common stock exceeding   120%   of the conversion price, or $  23.78   per share as of   October 31, 2016  , for at least 20 of the  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

last 30 trading days of the previous fiscal quarter. The 4.00% Debentures are currently convertible. If any of the holders elect to convert their debentures, we are required to pay cash for at least the principal amount of any converted debentures and cash or shares for the excess of the value of the converted shares over the principal amount. If holders of a significant amount of our 4.00% Debentures elect to convert, we could have difficulty paying the amount due upon conversion, which would have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial condition.  
  If we experience a decline in revenues, we could have difficulty paying amounts due on our indebtedness. Any default under our indebtedness could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Our stock price could become more volatile, and your investment could lose value. 
  All of the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section could affect our stock price. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements, or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us or by our competitors of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes could also affect our stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors  or analysts  valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings, and market trends unrelated to our performance. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class actions lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. 
  Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders. 
  Responding to actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations, and diverting the attention of management and our employees. The perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. 
  Ability to pay dividends. 
  We currently declare and pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. Any future payment of cash dividends will depend upon our financial condition, earnings, available cash, cash flow, and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Our revolving credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants, including a limit on the aggregate amount we can pay for dividends and repurchases of our stock over the term of the facility of $  200 million   plus   70%   of our cumulative net income (loss) for periods ending after February 1, 2016. In addition, our board may decrease or discontinue payment of dividends at any time, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     The table below sets forth information regarding repurchases of our common stock by us during the three months ended   October 31, 2016  :    

On June 12, 2014, we announced a share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors, authorizing the repurchase of up to $200 million of our common stock over a three-year period. The repurchase that occurred in February 2016 was a single transaction that was excluded from our share repurchase program. 

49 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
       
                   2.A 
      
    Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 12, 2016 among Siemens Industry, Inc., Meadowlark Subsidiary Corporation and Mentor Graphics Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2016. 

10.A 
      
    Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Terms and Conditions containing standard terms of performance-based restricted stock units granted to executive officers in fiscal year 2017 under our 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
      
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Registrant Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

50 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: December 5, 2016 
      
    MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION 
  (Registrant) 

/S/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY 

Gregory K. Hinckley 

President, Chief Financial Officer 

51 

<EX-10.A>
 2
 ment-20161031xexhibit10a.htm
 FORM OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.A 

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
  (FY17 Awards) 
    
  This Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date as indicated on the equity award summary provided with this Agreement by and between Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Mentor Graphics Corporation 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  Compensation paid pursuant to this Agreement is intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ).  Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the same defined meanings as in the Plan.  The terms of this Agreement are as follows: 
    
  1.    Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units. 
  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants you performance-based restricted stock units (the  PBRSUs ) with respect to shares of the Company s common stock.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to you the number of shares of the Company s common stock determined under this Agreement based on (a) the performance of the Company during the two-year period from February 1, 2017 to January 31, 2019 (the  Performance Period ) as described in 2, and your continued employment from the Grant Date to September 7, 2019 (the  Vesting Date ) as described in 3.  The number of the PBRSUs granted to you is indicated on the equity award summary provided with this Agreement.  By accepting this grant of the PBRSUs, you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
  2.    Performance Condition. 
           2.1 
    Subject to adjustment as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the number of shares of the Company s common stock to be issued to you under this Agreement shall be determined by multiplying the Payout Factor (as defined below) by the number of PBRSUs granted to you. 
              2.2 
    The Payout Factor shall be determined based on the Company s Non-GAAP Operating Income Margin (as defined in 14.1) for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2018 (the  FY18 Margin ) and the Company s Non-GAAP Operating Income Margin for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2019 (the  FY19 Margin ), and shall be the higher of the FY18 Payout Factor or the FY19 Payout Factor determined under the following table: 

2.3 
    If a Change in Control (as defined in 14.4) or a Company Sale (as defined in 8.2) occurs before the Vesting Date, the Payout Factor for any payout of shares occurring after the Change in Control or Company Sale shall be 100%; provided, however, that if the Change in Control or Company Sale occurs on or after January 31, 2019, the Payout Factor shall be the greater of 100% or the amount determined under 2.2, and if the Change in Control or Company Sale occurs on or after January 31, 2018 and before January 31, 2019, the Payout Factor shall be the greater of 100% or the amount determined under 2.2 based solely on the FY18 Margin. 
     3.    Employment Condition. 
           3.1 
    Except as provided in 3.2, 3.3 or 8.2, in order to receive a payout of shares under this Agreement, you must remain continuously and actively employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates through the Vesting Date. 
              3.2 
    If your employment terminates as a result of death, Disability (as defined in 14.9), Involuntary Termination (as defined in 14.10)     or Retirement (as defined in 14.11) before the Vesting Date, you shall be entitled to receive a payout not more than ninety (90) days after the Vesting Date of the number of shares equal to the number of shares determined under 2 multiplied by a percentage equal to (a) the number of days from the Grant Date to the date of such termination of employment, divided by (b) the number of days from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date. 
     3.3    You shall be entitled to receive a payout within ninety (90) days of the number of shares determined under 2 if: 
           3.3.1 
    a Change in Control (as defined in 14.4) occurs before the Vesting Date, and  
              3.3.2 
    at any time after the earlier of the Approval Date (as defined in 14.5), if any, or the Change in Control and on or before the first anniversary of the Change in Control, (a) your employment is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate without Cause (as defined in 14.6), (b) your employment is terminated by you for Good Reason (as defined in 14.8), or (c) your employment terminates as a result of your death or Disability;  
     provided  ,   however  , that you may also become entitled to a payout in connection with a Change in Control that also meets the definition of a Company Sale as provided in 8.2. 
  
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        1 

3.4 
    In the event of termination of your employment (as defined in 3.5) before the Vesting Date for any reason other than as described in 3.2 or 3.3, the PBRSUs shall be forfeited and you shall have no right to vest in such PBRSUs or to receive the underlying shares of common stock. 
              3.5 
    For purposes of this Agreement, your employment will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (regardless of the reason for termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and will not be extended by any statutory or contractual notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any).  The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the  Committee ) shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Agreement (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
              3.6 
    If you are a party to an employment or severance agreement with the Company that includes any general provisions for vesting of restricted stock units held by you, those provisions shall not apply and the vesting and payment of PBRSUs shall be subject only to the terms of this Agreement. 
     4.    Nature of Grant.     
  4.1      Nature of Grant  .  In accepting the grant you understand, acknowledge and agree that: 
           4.1.1 
    the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
              4.1.2 
    the grant of the PBRSUs is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of PBRSUs, or benefits in lieu of the PBRSUs, even if PBRSUs have been granted in the past; 
              4.1.3 
    all decisions with respect to future grants of the PBRSUs, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
              4.1.4 
    the PBRSU grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer (as defined in 14.7) or any other Subsidiary or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any); 
              4.1.5 
    you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
              4.1.6 
    the grant of the PBRSUs and the shares of common stock subject to the PBRSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
              4.1.7 
    the PBRSUs and the shares of common stock subject to the PBRSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
              4.1.8 
    the future value of the underlying shares of common stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
              4.1.9 
    unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the PBRSUs and the shares of common stock subject to the PBRSUs, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of the Company; 
              4.1.10 
    no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PBRSUs resulting from the termination of your employment (as defined in 3.5) by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and in consideration of the grant of the PBRSUs to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, the Employer     or any other Subsidiary or Affiliate, to waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and to release the Company, the Employer and all other Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claims; and 
              4.1.11 
    except as provided in 8.2, the PBRSUs and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
              4.2 
    No Advice Regarding Grant  . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of common stock.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
     5.    Non-Assignability of PBRSUs. 
  The PBRSUs may not be assigned or transferred except on death, by will or operation of law. 
  6.    Certification and Delivery of Shares   
  As soon as practicable following the completion of the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the final fiscal year of the Performance Period, the Company shall calculate the Payout Factor and the corresponding number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable to you as provided in Section 2.  This calculation shall be submitted to the Committee.  No later than the Vesting Date the Committee shall certify in writing (which may consist of approved minutes of a Committee meeting) the levels of FY18 Margin and FY19 Margin attained by the Company and the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable to you as provided in Section 2 based on such performance.  Not more than ninety (90) days after the Vesting Date, if you have satisfied the employment condition, the Company will issue to you the number of shares of common stock so certified, and will deliver such shares to a brokerage account established by you in accordance with instructions from the Company or in such other manner as may be determined by the Company, but no shares shall be issued prior to certification.  No fractional shares shall be issued and the number of shares deliverable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.  In the event of your death, Disability or Involuntary Termination prior to the Vesting Date, the number of shares issuable to you shall be reduced as described in 3.2.  In the event of a Change in Control as described in 3.3 or a  
  
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        2 

Company Sale as described in 8.2, each of which may require an award payout earlier than the Vesting Date, a similar calculation and certification process shall be followed within the time frames required by those sections. 
  7.    Tax Withholding 
           7.1 
    If you are a U.S. taxpayer, you acknowledge that on each date that shares underlying the PBRSUs are issued to you (the  Payment Date ), the fair market value of the shares of common stock will be treated as ordinary compensation income for U.S. federal and state income and FICA tax purposes, and that the Company will be required to withhold taxes on these income amounts pursuant to 7.3 below.   
              7.2 
    You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or the Employer, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Employer to be an appropriate charge to you even if technically due by the Company or the Employer ( Tax-Related Items ) is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PBRSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, or settlement of the PBRSUs, the subsequent sale of shares of common stock acquired pursuant to such issuance and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PBRSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
              7.3 
    Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: 
     7.3.1    withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid by the Company and/or the Employer; or 
           7.3.2 
    withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of common stock acquired upon vesting/settlement of the PBRSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company on your behalf pursuant to this authorization; or 
     7.3.3    withholding in shares of common stock to be issued upon vesting/settlement of the PBRSUs.  
           7.4 
    Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the common stock equivalent.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of common stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of common stock subject to the vested PBRSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of common stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  
              7.5 
    Finally, you agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares of common stock if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.   
     8.    Changes in Capital Structure. 
           8.1 
    If, prior to the payout of shares of the Company s common stock under this Agreement, the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company are increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company by reason of any recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, combination of shares, or dividend payable in shares, appropriate adjustment shall be made by the Committee in the number and kind of shares subject to this Agreement so that your proportionate interest before and after the occurrence of the event is maintained.  Fractional shares will be disregarded.  Any such adjustment made by the Committee shall be conclusive. 
              8.2 
    If, prior to the payout of shares of the Company s common stock under this Agreement, there shall occur a merger, consolidation, or plan of exchange involving the Company pursuant to which outstanding shares of common stock of the Company are converted into cash, other securities or other property, or a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the assets of the Company (each event listed in this 8.2, a  Company Sale ), then either: 
              8.2.1 
    the unvested PBRSUs shall be converted into restricted stock units of the surviving or acquiring corporation in the applicable transaction, with the amount and type of shares to be issued under such converted restricted stock units to be determined by the Committee, taking into account the Payout Factor determined under 2.3, the relative values of the companies involved in the applicable transaction and the exchange rate, if any, used in determining shares of the surviving corporation to be held by holders of shares of the Company following the applicable transaction; or 
              8.2.2 
    the number of shares determined under 2 shall be issued to you simultaneously with the closing of the applicable transaction such that you will participate as a shareholder in receiving proceeds from such transaction with respect to those shares. 
     9.    Successorship. 
  Subject to the limits in 4 above, this Agreement will be binding upon and benefit the parties, their successors and assigns. 
  10.    Governing Law/Venue  . 
           10.1 
    The grant of PBRSUs and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by and subject to, the laws of the state of Oregon, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. 
              10.2 
    For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of Oregon and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Clackamas County, Oregon, or the federal courts for the United States for the District Court of Oregon, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
     
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        3 

11.    Language. 
  If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will control. 
  12.    Notices. 
  Any notices under this Agreement must be in writing and will be effective when actually delivered (including via electronic mail) or, if mailed, when deposited postpaid.  Mail shall be directed to you at your address shown in the Company s records or to such other address as you may certify by notice to the Company s legal department. 
  13.    Electronic Delivery  . 
  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  14.    Definitions. 
  14.1      Non-GAAP Operating Income Margin  .  Non-GAAP Operating Income Margin for any fiscal year shall mean the Non-GAAP Operating Income (as defined in 14.2) for that fiscal year divided by the Revenue (as defined in 14.3) for that fiscal year, with the result expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage point. 
  14.2      Non-GAAP Operating Income  .  Non-GAAP Operating Income for any fiscal year shall mean the sum of the following items for that fiscal year: Operating Income plus Special Charges plus 123R Expense plus Amortization plus Impairment Charges and further adjusted to eliminate the effect of Accounting Changes (each as defined below). 
  14.2.1      Operating Income  .  Operating Income shall mean the Company s operating income as set forth on the audited consolidated statement of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable fiscal year. 
  14.2.2      Special Charges  .  Special Charges shall mean the expense for special charges reported by the Company as set forth on the audited consolidated statement of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable fiscal year. 
  14.2.3      123R Expense  .  123R Expense shall mean the stock-based compensation expense reported by the Company as set forth in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable fiscal year. 
  14.2.4      Amortization  .  Amortization shall mean the expense for amortization of purchased technology and other intangible assets reported by the Company as set forth on the audited consolidated statement of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable fiscal year. 
  14.2.5      Impairment Charges  .  Impairment Charges shall mean the expense for impairment of long-lived assets, if any, reported by the Company as set forth on the audited consolidated statement of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable fiscal year. 
  14.2.6      Accounting Changes  .  Accounting Changes shall mean any change in accounting principle or presentation that the Company implements in or for any portion of the Performance Period, either as a result of the issuance of new accounting standards or otherwise, the effect of which was not reflected in the Company s business plan on the Grant Date. 
  14.3      Revenue  .  Revenue for any fiscal year shall mean the Company s total revenues as set forth on the audited consolidated statement of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year. 
  14.4      Change in Control  .  A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the Grant Date of any of the following events: 
  14.4.1      Acquisition of Stock by Third Party  .  The acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership of 40% or more of either the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or the Outstanding Voting Securities; provided, however, that any acquisition directly from the Company shall not constitute a Change in Control; 
  14.4.2      Change in Board of Directors  .  Individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the Grant Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the  Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 
  14.4.3      Corporate Transactions  .  The effective date of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company (a  Business Combination ), in each case, unless immediately following such Business Combination:  (a) all or substantially all of the Persons who were Beneficial Owners of Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction either owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the Outstanding Voting Securities; (b) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 40% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to such Business Combination; and (c) at least a majority of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 
  14.4.4      Liquidation  .  The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or 
  14.4.5      Other Events  .  There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar or successor item on any similar or successor schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 
  14.4.6      Certain Definitions  .  For purposes of 14.4, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
  
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        4 

Beneficial Owner    and    Beneficial Ownership    shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
     Exchange Act    means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
     Outstanding Voting Securities    means the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.  
     Person    shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or Subsidiary of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or Subsidiary of the Company or of a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.  
     Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person, any business organization or legal entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.  
  14.5      Approval Date  .  Approval Date means the date on which the shareholders of the Company approve a transaction, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
  14.6      Cause.    If you are a party to an employment or severance agreement with the Company, Cause shall have the meaning set forth therein.  If you are not a party to an employment or severance agreement with the Company, termination by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of your employment for Cause shall mean termination (a) upon your willful and continued failure to perform substantially your duties with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness), (b) upon your willful and continued failure to follow and comply substantially with the specific and lawful directives of any person to whom you directly or indirectly report within the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness), (c) upon your willful commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, or (d) upon your willful engagement in illegal conduct which is injurious to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  14.7      Employer  .  Employer means the Company or the Subsidiary or Affiliate which employs you. 
  14.8      Good Reason  .  If you are a party to a severance or employment agreement with the Company, Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth therein.  If you are not a party to a severance or employment agreement with the Company, Good Reason shall mean, without your express written consent, the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, provided you give notice to the Company of your intent to terminate your employment for Good Reason within 90 days after notice to you of such circumstances and such circumstances are not fully corrected by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate within 30 days after your notice: 
  14.8.1    the assignment to you of any duties inconsistent with your position in the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, a significant adverse alteration in the nature or status of your responsibilities or the conditions of your employment, or any other action by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate that results in a material diminution in your position, authority, title, duties or responsibilities; 
  14.8.2    the reduction of your annual base salary as in effect on the Grant Date or as the same may be increased from time to time; 
  14.8.3    the relocation of the offices at which you are principally employed (your  Principal Location ) to a location more than twenty-five (25) miles from such location or the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate requiring you, without your written consent, to be based anywhere other than your Principal Location, except for required travel on the Company s or any Subsidiary s or Affiliate s business to an extent substantially consistent with your present business travel obligations; 
  14.8.4    the failure to pay to you any portion of your current compensation or to pay to you any portion of an installment of deferred compensation under any deferred compensation program of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate within seven (7) days of the date such compensation is due; 
  14.8.5    the failure to continue in effect any material compensation or benefit plan or practice in which you are eligible to participate in (other than any equity based plan), unless an equitable arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or alternative plan) has been made with respect to such plan, or the failure to continue your participation therein (or in such substitute or alternative plan) on a basis not materially less favorable, both in terms of the amount of benefits provided and the level of your participation relative to other participants, as existed prior to any such change; or 
  14.8.6    the failure to provide you with the number of paid vacation days to which you are entitled on the basis of years of service in accordance with the Employer s normal vacation policy in effect on the Grant Date. 
  14.9      Disability.    If you are a party to a severance or employment agreement with the Company, Disability shall have the meaning set forth therein.  If you are not a party to a severance or employment agreement with the Company, termination of your employment for Disability shall result if, as a result of illness or injury you suffer from a condition of mind or body that permanently prevents full-time employment by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate, as conclusively determined by the Committee. 
  14.10      Involuntary Termination  .  Involuntary Termination means termination of your employment by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate without Cause or termination of your employment by you for Good Reason. 
  14.11      Retirement  .  Retirement means     any termination of your employment after you have reached age 65 and have been employed by the Company for at least 10 years. 
  15.    Severability. 
  The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
  16.    Clawback Policy. 
  You acknowledge and agree that all shares acquired by you under this Agreement shall be subject to the Mentor Graphics Corporation Policy For Recovery Of Incentive Compensation (the  Policy ) as approved by the Board of Directors and the Committee and in effect on the Grant Date, and that the full amount of any payment received by you under this Agreement that was calculated based on financial  
  
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        5 

statements that are subsequently restated shall be subject to the Policy in the same manner as bonuses under variable incentive plans are subject to the Policy. 
  17.    Imposition of Other Requirements. 
  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the PBRSUs and on any shares of common stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  
  18.    Code Section 409A. 
           18.1 
    Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that you are a U.S. taxpayer and any amounts payable hereunder constitute non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, then the time of payment of any shares of common stock which become payable by reason of your termination of employment shall not be accelerated unless your termination of employment constitutes a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
              18.2 
    If you are a U.S. taxpayer and a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) at the time of your separation from service, any delivery of shares of common stock hereunder shall be made 30 days following the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period following your separation from service and (ii) your death, to the extent such delayed payment is otherwise required to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A of the Code. 
              18.3 
    If you are a U.S. taxpayer, to the extent that the payment event for any amount under this Agreement constituting non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a Change in Control or a Company Sale, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting the Change in Control or Company Sale would also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
              18.4 
    If you are a U.S. taxpayer, the PBRSUs granted hereunder are intended to be compliant with Section 409A of the Code, and shall be interpreted, construed and operated to reflect this intent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and the Plan may be amended at any time, without the consent of any party, to the extent necessary or desirable to satisfy any of the requirements under Section 409A of the Code, but the Company shall not be under any obligation to make any such amendment. 
              18.5 
    Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall provide a basis for any person to take action against the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate based on matters covered by Section 409A of the Code, including the tax treatment of any amount paid or PBRSUs granted under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates shall, under any circumstances, have any liability to you or your estate or any other party for any taxes, penalties or interest due on amounts paid or payable under this Agreement, including taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. 
     19.    Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. 
  You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell shares of common stock or rights to shares of common stock (  e.g  ., the PBRSUs) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country).  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company.  You are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and are advised to consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
  20.    Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements. 
  You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of common stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on shares of common stock acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country.  You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country.  You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and you are advised to consult your personal legal advisor for any details. 
  21.    Waiver.  
  You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant  . 
    
  * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
  By clicking the  Accept  button, you represent that you are familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.  You have reviewed the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety and fully understand all provisions of this Agreement.  You agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 
    
  You acknowledge and agree that if you have not actively accepted the PBRSUs by clicking the  Accept  button or rejected the PBRSUs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, you are deemed to have accepted the PBRSUs and the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement. 
  
   74443175.7 0049553-00001        6 

</EX-10.A>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ment-20161031xexhibit311.htm
 CERT OF CEO PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Walden C. Rhines, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mentor Graphics Corporation, the registrant; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Dated:   December 5, 2016    
    
               /S/ WALDEN C. RHINES 
      Walden C. Rhines 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ment-20161031xexhibit312.htm
 CERT OF CFO PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Gregory K. Hinckley, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mentor Graphics Corporation, the registrant; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Dated:   December 5, 2016    
    
               /S/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY 
      Gregory K. Hinckley 
      President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ment-20161031xexhibit32.htm
 CERT OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  Certification of Periodic Financial Report Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mentor Graphics Corporation (the    Company   ) hereby certifies to such officer s knowledge that: 
  (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended   October 31, 2016   (the    Report   ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Dated:   December 5, 2016    

/S/ WALDEN C. RHINES 
        
    Walden C. Rhines 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Mentor Graphics Corporation and will be retained by Mentor Graphics Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  Certification of Periodic Financial Report Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mentor Graphics Corporation (the    Company   ) hereby certifies to such officer s knowledge that: 
  (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended   October 31, 2016   (the    Report   ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Dated:   December 5, 2016    

/S/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY 
        
    Gregory K. Hinckley 
        
    President, Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Mentor Graphics Corporation and will be retained by Mentor Graphics Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ment-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ment-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ment-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ment-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ment-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ment-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

