<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1098880_0001062993-16-012164_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2127395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97468</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>150169</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>271997</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1086884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>467001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012164.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012164
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IntelGenx Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				870638336
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31187
		FILM NUMBER:		161987954

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6425 ABRAMS
		CITY:			VILLE SAINT LAURENT
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H4S 1X9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		514-331-7440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6425 ABRAMS
		CITY:			VILLE SAINT LAURENT
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H4S 1X9

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIG FLASH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012164.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C.
20549    
   FORM 10-Q    
  [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
    For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016     
 or  
  [  ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from _________to________ 
  Commission File Number 000-31187   
   INTELGENX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
   -----------------------------------------------------------------
 (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
      87-0638336    
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
   
     incorporation or organization)  
          
  6420 Abrams, Ville Saint Laurent, Quebec H4S 1Y2, Canada
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (514) 331-7440   (Issuer's telephone number)   
 (Former Name, former Address, if changed since last report)  
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
 Yes [X]       No [  ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,
 accelerated filer ,  non-accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [  ]  
     Accelerated filer [  ]   

Non-accelerated filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller
      reporting company)  
     Smaller reporting company [X]
   
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  
PROCEEDS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all
documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13, or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court.  
 Yes [  ]        
 No [  ]  
 APPLICABLE TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  
 64,672,021 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value
$.00001 per share, were issued and outstanding as of November 09, 2016. 

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.  Form 10-Q   
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
     1   

Consolidated Balance Sheet  
     2   

Statement of Shareholders 
      Equity  
     3   

Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
     
     4   

Statement of Cash Flows  
     5   

Notes to Financial Statements  
     6   
   
     Item 2.  
     Management's Discussion and
      Analysis and Results of Operations  
     16  
   
     Item 3.  
     Controls and Procedures  
     29  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
     29  
   
     Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
      of Proceeds  
     29  
   
     Item 3.  
     Defaults upon Senior Securities
     
     29  
   
     Item 4.  
     Reserved  
     29  
   
     Item 5.  
     Other Information  
     29  
   
     Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
     29  

Signatures  
     30   
 ii 

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

Contents   

Consolidated Balance Sheet  
     2   
   
     Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity  
     3   
   
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
      Income (Loss)  
     4   
   
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
     5   
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     
     6 - 15
   
 1 

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Consolidated Balance Sheet    (Expressed in
Thousands of U.S. Dollars ($000 s) Except Share and Per Share Data)
   (Unaudited)    
 
 See accompanying notes  
  Approved on Behalf of the Board:   

/s/ Bernd J.
      Melchers   
     Director   

/s/  Horst G.
      Zerbe   
     Director    

 2  

IntelGenx     Technologies   Corp.   
  Consolidated     Statement   of
  Shareholders'   Equity    For the Period Ended
  September   30, 2016    (Expressed   in
  Thousands   of U.S. Dollars ($000 s) Except Share and Per Share
Data)    (Unaudited)      

See accompanying notes 
 3  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
   (Expressed in Thousands of U.S. Dollars ($000 s) Except Share and Per
Share Data)    (Unaudited)    
 
 4  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows    (Expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars ($000 s) Except Share and Per Share Data)
   (Unaudited)    
 
 See accompanying notes  
 5  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

1.   
     
        Basis of Presentation     
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles for interim financial information and with the
instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted
accounting principles for complete consolidated financial statements. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair
presentation have been included. All such adjustments are of a normal and
recurring nature. 
 These financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements at
December 31, 2015. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
year ending December 31, 2016. The Company prepares its financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
( U.S. GAAP ). This basis of accounting involves the application of accrual
accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and
expenses and losses are recognized when incurred. 
 The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiary companies. On
consolidation, all inter-entity transactions and balances have been eliminated.
 
 The financial statements are expressed
in U.S. funds.  
 Management has performed an evaluation
of the Company s activities through the date and time these financial statements
were issued and concluded that there are no additional significant events
requiring recognition or disclosure. 

2.   
     
        Adoption of New Accounting
  Standards     
 The FASB issued Update 2015-16,
Business Combinations, which requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to
provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the
reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments
in this Update require that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial
statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or
other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional
amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition
date. The amendments in this Update require an entity to present separately on
the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the
amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been
recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional
amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments in this
Update apply to all entities that have reported provisional amounts for items in
a   business combination for which the accounting is incomplete by the end
of the reporting period in which the combination occurs and during the
measurement period have an adjustment to provisional amounts recognized. For
public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively to
adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this
Update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not yet been issued. The
adoption of this Statement did not have a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. 
 6  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

2.   
     
        Adoption of New Accounting Standards
    (Cont'd)     
 The FASB issued amendments to ASU
2015-03, Interest   Imputation of Interest, which are intended to simplify the
presentation of debt issuance costs. These amendments require that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet
as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for
debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. The
amendments are effective for public business entities for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. The adoption of this Statement did not have a
material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.
 
 The FASB issued amendments to ASU
2015-01, Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items, eliminating from
U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement
- Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify,
present and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. This ASU will also
align more closely U.S. GAAP income statement presentation guidance with IAS 1,
 Presentation of Financial Statements,  which prohibits the presentation
and disclosure of extraordinary items. The amendments are effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2015. The adoption of this Statement did not have a material effect on the
Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,
Compensation   Stock Compensation, which requires that a performance target that
affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be
treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing
guidance in Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation,  as it relates
to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such
awards. The performance target should not be reflected in estimating the
grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in
the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be
achieved. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and
interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.
The adoption of this Statement did not have a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. 
  Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements  
  ASU 2016-15   Statement of Cash
Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-15 which clarifies how certain cash receipts and payments are to be
presented in the Statement of cash flows. The statement is effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period,
with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of
adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on
its consolidated financial statements.  
 7  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

3.   
     
        Significant Accounting
Policies     
  ASU 2016-06 - Derivatives and
Hedging (Topic 815) Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments   
 The amendments in this Update clarify
the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can
accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely
related to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under the
amendments in this Update is required to assess the embedded call (put) options
solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence.  
 For public business entities, the
amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
fiscal years and should be applied on a retrospective basis. 
  ASU 2016-09 - Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
  
 FASB issued this Update as part of its
Simplification Initiative. The areas for simplification in this Update involve
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. 
 For public business entities, the
amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early
adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period, with any
adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on its consolidated
financial statements.    
  ASU 2016-01   Financial Instruments
  Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-01, which will significantly change practice for all entities. The targeted
amendments to existing guidance are expected to include:  

1.  
     
       Equity investments that do not result in consolidation
      and are not accounted for under the equity method would be measured at
      fair value through net income, unless they qualify for the proposed
      practicability exception for investments that do not have readily
      determinable fair values.   

2.  
     
       Changes in instrument-specific credit risk for financial
      liabilities that are measured under the fair value option would be
      recognized in other comprehensive income.   

3.  
     
       Entities would make the assessment of the realizability
      of a deferred tax asset (DTA) related to an available- for-sale (AFS) debt
      security in combination with the entity s other DTAs. The guidance would
      eliminate one method that is currently acceptable for assessing the
      realizability of DTAs related to AFS debt securities. That is, an entity
      would no longer be able to consider its intent and ability to hold debt
      securities with unrealized losses until recovery.    
 8  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

3.   
     
        Significant Accounting Policies
  (Cont d)      

4.  
     
       Disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
      measured at amortized cost would no longer be required for entities that
      not public business entities.    
 For public business entities, the
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on its consolidated
financial statements.  
  ASU 2016-02: Leases (Topic 842)
Section A  
 The FASB issued ASU 2016-02 to increase
the transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information
about leasing arrangements. 
 These amendments are effective for a
public business entity for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. 
 The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this Statement on its consolidated financial statements.  
  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606):  
 During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the FASB issued three new amendments related to Topic 606:  

1.  
     
       ASU 2016-08: Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
      606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross
      versus Net) which was issued to add clarification to the implementation
      guidance on principle versus agent considerations. This amendment does not
      provide any changes to the previously issued ASU No. 2014-09 and is
      effective for the same reporting period which was deferred by one year in
      ASU 2015-14: Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606), Deferral
      of the Effective Date.   

2.  
     
       ASU 2016-10: Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
      606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing which was issued
      to clarifying the following two aspects of topic 606; identifying
      performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. This
      amendment does not provide any changes to the previously issued ASU No.
      2014-09 and is effective for the same reporting period which was deferred
      by one year in ASU 2015-14: Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic
      606), Deferral of the Effective Date.   

3.  
     
       ASU 2016-11 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and
      Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of
      Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff
      Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting. With this amendment, the
      SEC Staff is rescinding the following SEC Staff Observer comments that are
      codified in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and Topic 932, Extractive
      Activities Oil and Gas, effective upon adoption of Topic 606. This
      amendment is effective immediately.    
 9  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

3.   
     
        Significant Accounting Policies
  (Cont d)     
 The FASB and IASB (the Boards) have
issued converged standards on revenue recognition. ASU No. 2014-09 which affects
any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to
transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of
nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other
standards. This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic
605, Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance. The core principle
of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply
the following steps:  

Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
   
   Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
   
   Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
   
   Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in
  the contract.
   
   Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
  obligation.   
 Public business entities, certain
not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the
guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that
reporting period.  
 This ASU is to be applied
retrospectively, with certain practical expedients allowed. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on its consolidated financial
statements.  
  ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330):
Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  
 The amendments in this Update more
closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of
inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). An entity
should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost
and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of
completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged
for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method.  
 The Board has amended some of the other
guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate the requirements for the
measurement and disclosure of inventory. However, the Board does not intend for
those clarifications to result in any changes in practice. Other than the change
in the subsequent measurement guidance from the lower of cost or market to the
lower of cost and net realizable value for inventory within the scope of this
Update, there are no other substantive changes to the guidance on measurement of
inventory.  
 The amendments in this Update do not
apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or theretail inventory method. The amendments
apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using
first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. 
 10  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

3.   
     
        Significant Accounting Policies
  (Cont d)     
 For public business entities, the
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all
other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in this Update should be
applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of
an interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of this Statement is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or
results of operations.  
  ASU 2014-15, Presentation of
Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2014-15
which is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a
going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU provides
guidance to an organization s management, with principles and definitions that
are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that
are commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement
footnotes. The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for
which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on its consolidated financial
statements.  
  ASU 2015-17   Income Taxes (Topic
740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes ( ASU 2015-17 )   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-17, which require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as
noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. 
 The amendments apply to all entities
that present a classified statement of financial position. The current
requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component
of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the
amendments.  
 For public business entities, the
amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual
periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this Statement on its
consolidated financial statements.  
 11  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

4.   
     
        Bank indebtedness     
 The Company's credit facility is
subject to review annually and consists of an operating demand line of credit of
up to CAD$250 thousand and corporate credits cards of up to CAD$75 thousand and
USD$55 thousand. Borrowings under the operating demand line of credit bear
interest at the Bank s prime lending rate plus 2%. The credit facility and term
loan (see note 6) are secured by a first ranking movable hypothec on all present
and future movable property of the Company and a 50% guarantee by Export
Development Canada, a Canadian Crown corporation export credit agency. The terms
of the banking agreement require the Company to comply with certain debt service
coverage and debt to net worth financial covenants on an annual basis at the end
of the Company s fiscal year. As at September 30, 2016, the Company has not
drawn on its credit facility.  

5.   
     
        Deferred revenue     
 On August 5, 2016, the Company sold its
U.S. royalty on future sales of Forfivo XL    to SWK Holdings
Corporation for $6 million. Under the terms of the agreement, SWK paid IntelGenx
$6 million at closing. In return for, (i) 100% of any and all royalties or
similar royalty amounts received on or after April 1, 2016, (ii) 100% of the $2
million milestone payment upon Edgemont reaching annual net sales of $15
million, and (iii) 35% of all potential future milestone payments. 
 The deferred revenue represents the
payment received for the royalty on future sales in the amount of $6 milliion
less the Q2 royalties recognized in the second quarter in the amount of $352,
less the amount recognized in other revenue during the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016. The deferred revenue will be recognized as other revenue on
a straight-line basis until December 31, 2017. 
 10% of the proceeds were paid to our
former development partner, Cary Pharmaceuticals Inc. This amount is included in
prepaid expenses less the portion expensed during the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016. This expense will be recognized as cost of royalty, license
and other revenue on a straight-line basis until December 31, 2017.  
 12  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

6.   
     
        Long-term debt     
 The components of the Company s debt
are as follows:  
 
 The Company s term loan facility
consists of a total of CAD$3.5 million bearing interest at the Bank s prime
lending rate plus 2.50% . The term loan is subject to the same security and
financial covenants as the bank indebtedness (see note 4).  
 The secured loan has a principal
balance authorized of CAD$1 million, bearing interest at prime plus 7.3%,
reimbursable in monthly principal payments of CAD$14 thousand from January 2017
to December 2021. During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
Company made a CAD$150 thousand payment which decreased the principal balance
outstanding to CAD$850 thousand as at September 30, 2016. The loan is secured by
a second ranking on all present and future property of the Company. The terms of
the banking agreement require the Company to comply with certain debt service
coverage and debt to net worth financial covenants on an annual basis at the end
of the Company s fiscal year. 

13  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

7.   
     
        Capital Stock      

8.   
     
        Additional Paid-In Capital     
  Stock options   
 On January 19, 2016, 250 thousand
options to purchase common stock were granted to non-employee directors and 225
thousand options were granted to employees under the 2006 Stock Option Plan. The
options have an exercise price of $0.41. The options granted to the non-employee
directors vested immediately and expire 5 years after the grant date. The
options granted to the employees vest over a period of 2 years at the rate of
25% every six months and expire 5 years after the grant date. The stock options
were accounted for at their fair value, as determined by the Black-Scholes
valuation model, of approximately $82 thousand.  
 On September 15, 2016, 525 thousand
options to purchase common stock were granted to employees and 75 thousand
options were granted to a non-employee director under the 2006 Stock Option
Plan. The options have an exercise price of $0.73. The options granted vest over
a period of 2 years at the rate of 25% every six months and expire 10 years
after the grant date. The stock options were accounted for at their fair value,
as determined by the Black-Scholes valuation model, of approximately $252
thousand.  
 On September 15, 2016, 50 thousand
options to purchase common stock were granted to a consultant under the 2006
Stock Option Plan. The options have an exercise price of $0.73. The options
granted vest over a period of 2 years at the rate of 25% every six months and
expire 5 years after the grant date. The stock options were accounted for at
their fair value, as determined by the Black-Scholes valuation model, of
approximately $16 thousand.  
 No stock options were exercised during
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. During the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015 a total of 150,000 stock options were exercised for
150,000 common shares having a par value of $0 thousand in aggregate, for cash
consideration of $62 thousand, resulting in an increase in additional paid-in
capital of $62 thousand. 
 Compensation expenses for stock-based
compensation of $141 thousand and $105 thousand were recorded during the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. The entire
amounts expensed in each of the three quarters of 2016 and 2015 relates to stock
options granted to employees and directors. As at September 30, 2016 the Company
has $295 thousand (2015 - $159 thousand) of unrecognized stock-based
compensation, of which $12 thousand (2015   nil) relates to options granted to a
consultant.  
 14  

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.   
  Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
   September 30, 2016    (Expressed in U.S. Funds)
   (Unaudited)    

8.   
     
        Additional Paid-In Capital
  (Cont d)     
  Warrants   
 During the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, a total of 1,056,765 warrants were exercised for 1,056,765
common shares having a par value of $0 thousand in aggregate, for cash
consideration of $596 thousand, resulting in an increase in additional paid-in
capital of $596 thousand. No warrants were exercised during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015. 

9.   
     
        Related Party Transactions     
 Included in management salaries are $2
thousand (2015 - $1 thousand) for options granted to the Chief Executive
Officer, $45 thousand (2015 - $25 thousand) for options granted to the Chief
Financial Officer, $9 thousand (2015-$6 thousand) for options granted to the
Vice President, Operations, $4 thousand (2015 - nil) for options granted to the
Vice-President, Research and Development, $21 thousand (2015 - nil) for options
granted to the former Vice President, Corporate Development, and $1 thousand for
options granted to Vice-President, Business and Corporate Development (2015  
nil) under the 2006 Stock Option Plan and $45 thousand (2015 - $61 thousand) for
options granted to non-employee directors. 
 Also included in management salaries
are director fees of $137 thousand (2015 - $198 thousand). 
 The above related party transactions
have been measured at the exchange amount which is the amount of the
consideration established and agreed to by the related parties.  

10.   
     
        Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Common
      Share     
 Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
common share is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares from stock options and
warrants are also included in the diluted per share calculations unless the
effect of the inclusion would be antidilutive.  
 15  

Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 
 Introduction to Management s Discussion and Analysis  
 
This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) comments on our business operations, performance, financial position and other matters for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial and statistical information included herein relates to continuing operations of the Company. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the words,  IntelGenx ,
 Company ,  we ,  us , and  our  refer to IntelGenx Technologies Corp. and its subsidiaries, including IntelGenx Corp. 
 
This MD A should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. We also encourage you to refer to the Company s MD A for the year ended December 31, 2015. In preparing this
MD A, we have taken into account information available to us up to November 10, 2016, the date of this MD A, unless otherwise indicated.  
 
Additional information relating to the Company, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) website at www.sec.gov.  
 
All dollar amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted.  
 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements   
 
Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this MD A constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. All statements contained in this MD A that are not clearly historical in nature are
forward-looking, and the words  anticipate ,  believe ,  continue ,  expect ,  estimate ,  intend ,  may ,  plan ,  will ,
 shall  and other similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All
forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions based on information available at the time the assumption was made. These forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but on management s expectations
regarding future growth, results of operations, performance, future capital and other expenditures (including the amount, nature and sources of funding thereof), competitive advantages, business prospects and opportunities. Forward-looking
statements involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those implied by forward-looking
statements. These factors should be considered carefully and you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this MD A or incorporated by reference herein are based upon
what management believes to be reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this MD A or as of the date
specified in the documents incorporated by reference herein, as the case may be.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statements were made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required by applicable securities laws.  The factors set forth in Item 1A., "Risk Factors" of the 2015 Form 10-K, as well as any cautionary language in this MD A, provide
examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. Before you invest in the common stock, you should be aware that the occurrence of
the events described as risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  
 16 

Company Background   
 
We are a drug delivery company established in 2003 and headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Our focus is on the development of novel oral immediate-release and controlled-release products for the pharmaceutical market. Our business strategy is
to develop pharmaceutical products based on our proprietary drug delivery technologies and, once the viability of a product has been demonstrated, to license the commercial rights to partners in the pharmaceutical industry. In certain cases, we rely
upon partners in the pharmaceutical industry to fund development of the licensed products, complete the regulatory approval process with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) or other regulatory agencies relating to the licensed
products, and assume responsibility for marketing and distributing such products.  
 
In addition, we may choose to pursue the development of certain products until the project reaches the marketing and distribution stage. We will assess the potential for successful development of a product and associated costs, and then determine at
which stage it is most prudent to seek a partner, balancing such costs against the potential for additional returns earned by partnering later in the development process.     
 
Our primary growth strategies include: (1) identifying lifecycle management opportunities for existing market leading pharmaceutical products, (2) repurposing existing drugs for new indications, (3) developing generic drugs where high technology
barriers to entry exist in reproducing branded films, (4) manufacturing our VersaFilm  products for commercial sale and (5) development of new drug delivery technologies.  
 
Lifecycle Management Opportunities  
 
We are seeking to position our delivery technologies as an opportunity for lifecycle management of products for which patent protection of the active ingredient is nearing expiration. While the patent for the underlying substance cannot be extended,
patent protection can be obtained for a new and improved formulation by filing an application with the FDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Such applications, known as a  505(b)(2) NDA , are
permitted for new drug products that incorporate previously approved active ingredients, even if the proposed new drug incorporates an approved active ingredient in a novel formulation or for a new indication. A 505(b)(2) NDA may include information
regarding safety and efficacy of a proposed drug that comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant. The first formulation for a respective active ingredient filed with the FDA under a 505(b)(2) application may qualify for up to three
years of market exclusivity upon approval. Based upon a review of past partnerships between third party drug delivery companies and pharmaceutical companies, management believes that drug delivery companies which possess innovative technologies to
develop these special dosage formulations present an attractive opportunity to pharmaceutical companies. Accordingly, we believe  505(b)(2) products  represent a viable business opportunity for us.  
 
Repurposing Existing Drugs  
 
We are working on the repurposing of already approved drugs for new indications using our VersaFilm  film technology. This program represents a viable growth strategy for us as it will allow for reduced development costs, improved success
rates and shorter approval times. We believe that through our repurposing program we will be able minimize the risk of developmental failure and create value for us and potential partners.  
 
Generic Drugs with High Barriers to Entry  
 
We plan to pursue the development of generic drugs that have certain barriers to entry, e.g., where product development and manufacturing is complex and can limit the number of potential entrants into the generic market. We plan to pursue such
projects only if the number of potential competitors is deemed relatively insignificant. 
 
VersaFilm  Manufacturing  
 
We are in the process of establishing a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility for the future manufacture of our VersaFilm  products. Construction of the manufacturing and laboratories are now completed and equipment is being prepared to
begin manufacturing in 2017. We believe that this (1) represents a profitable business opportunity, (2) will reduce our dependency upon third-party contract manufacturers, thereby protecting our manufacturing process know-how and intellectual
property, and (3) allows us to offer our development partners a full service from product conception through to supply of the finished product. 
 
Development of New Drug Delivery Technologies 
 
17 

The rapidly disintegrating film technology contained in our VersaFilm , and our AdVersa  mucosal adhesive tablet, are two examples of our efforts to develop alternate technology platforms.  As we work with various partners on different
products, we seek opportunities to develop new proprietary technologies. 
 
We continue to develop the existing products in our pipeline and may also perform research and development on other potential products as opportunities arise. 
 
As previously announced, we have financed the Manufacturing Establishment and Laboratory Expansion project from cash in hand and a government-backed bank financing of up to CAD 3.5 million with the Bank as well as a CAD 1 million loan from
Investissement Qu bec ( IQ ).  
 
We plan to hire new personnel, primarily in the areas of research and development, manufacturing, and administration on an as-needed basis as we enter into partnership agreements, establish our VersaFilm  manufacturing capability, and increase
our research and development activities.  
 
 Most recent key developments   
 
On July 5, 2016, the Company announced the signing of the definitive agreement with Grupo Juste S.A.Q.F. for the commercialization of RIZAPORT   , a unique oral thin film for the treatment of acute migraines, in the country of Spain.
All commercial manufacturing of RIZAPORT    will take place at our new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Canada. Grupo Juste is a prominent private Spanish company with over 90 years of experience in the research, development
and commercialization of proprietary pharmaceutical products, including migraine and other central nervous system drugs, in Europe, Latin America and other territories. 
 
According to the definitive agreement, Grupo Juste has obtained exclusive rights to register, promote and distribute RIZAPORT    in Spain. In exchange, we and Redhill Biopharma will receive upfront and milestone payments, together
with a share of the net sales of RIZAPORT   . Commercial launch in Spain is estimated to take place in the second half of 2017. The initial term of the definitive agreement shall be for ten years from the date of first commercial sale
of the product and shall automatically renew for one additional two-year term. The agreement will give Grupo Juste the right to market the product in the territory of Spain, with the right of first refusal for a predefined term for certain Latin
American and Middle East countries.  
 
On July 11, 2016, the Company announced the receipt of the notice of appeal for the buprenorphine/naloxone sublingual film product for the treatment of opiate addiction by Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. (Par) and the Company to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit from the final judgment issued by the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware on June 28, 2016.  
 
The ruling in the U.S. District Court of Delaware in the ANDA litigation of Par and the Company against Indivior PLC and Monosol Rx, LLC resulted in Par and the Company prevailing on the non-infringement of the U.S. Patent No. 8,017,150, which is
set to expire in 2023, and on the invalidity (all claims) and non-infringement (certain claims) of the U.S. Patent No. 8,475,832, which is set to expire in 2030. The Court also ruled that Par's ANDA product would infringe the asserted claims of U.S.
Patent No. 8,603,514, one of the Orange Book listed patents for Suboxone Film, and that the asserted claims of U.S. Patent No. 8,603,514 were not shown to be invalid. 
 
On July 13, 2016, the Company announced the initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial of montelukast, a unique drug repurposing opportunity for the treatment of degenerative diseases of the brain, such as: mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimers
disease, the most prominent form of dementia. The objectives of the trial are to demonstrate that IntelGenx oral film product will provide therapeutically effective blood levels of montelukast, and that montelukast when delivered using IntelGenx
oral film crosses the blood brain barrier. 
 18 

We are collaborating with Dr. Ludwig Aigner, a neuroscientist who is a member of IntelGenx Scientific Advisory
Board and head of the Institute of Molecular Regenerative Medicine at the Paracelsus Medical University in Salzburg, Austria. Dr. Aigner has made major contributions in the field of brain and spinal cord regeneration over the last 25 years. He was
the first to develop tools to visualize neurogenesis in living animals and identified signaling mechanisms that are crucially involved in limiting brain regeneration. One of these mechanisms, leukotriene signaling, is related to asthma. In
consequence, Dr. Aigner and his team recently demonstrated that the anti-asthmatic drug montelukast structurally and functionally rejuvenates the aged brain. His main aim is to develop molecular and cellular therapies for patients with
neurodegenerative diseases and for the aged population. 
 
On August 22, 2016, the Company announced the successful completion of a pilot clinical study for Montelukast VersaFilm  that demonstrated a significantly improved pharmacokinetic profile against the reference product. Montelukast is a unique
drug repurposing opportunity for the treatment of degenerative diseases of the brain, such as mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease, the most prominent form of dementia. 
 
The study data confirmed that buccal absorption of the drug from the Montelukast film product resulted in a significally improved bioavailability of the drug compared to the commercial tablet. The study was designed as a single-dose, randomized,
two-way cross-over pilot study in 8 healthy subjects. AUC0-inf was 3863   1343 ng/ml*h -1  for the IntelGenx product vs. 2697   1003 ng/ml*h -1  for the reference product Singulair    tablets,
representing a 52% increase in bioavailability of the drug after administration of the IntelGenx film product. In addition, the study data confirmed that Montelukast crosses the blood/brain barrier when administered using IntelGenx' Versafilm 
delivery technology. 
 
The Company has begun preparation for a phase II-a proof-of-concept (POC) study. Patient enrolment for this study is expected to commence in Q1/2017. The Company expects the results from the study to be available in Q4/2017. Based on the outcome of
this first efficacy trial in humans, The Comapny will be actively seeking a partnership or alliance opportunity to further advance developmental work and commercialization of this product.  
 
On August 5 th , 2016, the Company announced that it had sold its U.S. royalty on future sales of Forfivo XL    to SWK Holdings Corporation (SWK) for  6 million (CAD 8 million). Forfivo XL    (Bupropion
extended-release) is the first 450 mg bupropion HCl tablet indicated for Major Depressive Disorder, approved by the FDA.  
 
Under the terms of the agreement, SWK will pay the Company  6 million at closing. In return for, (i) 100% of any and all royalties (as defined in the Edgemont Pharmaceuticals, LLC License Agreement) or similar royalty amounts received on or
after April 1, 2016, (ii) 100% of the  2 million milestone payment upon Edgemont reaching annual net sales of  15 million, and (iii) 35% of all potential future milestone payments. Patent protection for Forfivo XL    in the
United States expires in 2027 with an authorized generic entering the market in January 2018. 
 
SWK is a specialized finance company with a focus on the global healthcare sector. SWK partners with ethical product marketers and royalty holders to provide flexible financing solutions at an attractive cost of capital to create long-term value for
both SWK's business partners and its investors. 
 
On August 11, 2016, the Company announced the appointment of Mr. Mark Nawacki as a new member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Nawacki is currently the President and CEO of Searchlight Pharma Inc., a Canadian-based specialty pharmaceutical company
focused on the acquisition and commercialization of innovative and unique healthcare and pharmaceutical products. Prior to joining Searchlight Pharma, Mr. Nawacki spent over 11 years building out the commercial and geographic footprint of Paladin
Labs, having served until September 2014 as Executive Vice President, Business and Corporate Development. Over the course of his 11-year tenure at Paladin, Mr. Nawacki helped shape the therapeutic focus of Paladin's Canadian business via licensing
and acquisitions, and built Paladin's international expansion and emerging markets strategy. From his arrival at Paladin in 2003, consolidated revenues grew from  20 million to almost  270 million annually, and the company's value increased
from  75 million to over  3 billion when it was acquired by Endo International in 2014. 
 19 

On September 12, 2016, the Company announced that they had entered into a licensing, development and supply agreement with Chemo Group (Chemo) granting Chemo the exclusive license to commercialize two generic products for the USA market and one
product on a worldwide basis. Under the terms of the agreement, Chemo has obtained certain exclusive rights to market and sell IntelGenx' products in exchange for upfront and milestone payments, together with a share of the profits of
commercialization. Chemo also has a right of first refusal to obtain the exclusive commercialisation rights for two of the products to include any country outside the USA. 
 
Chemo is a privately held global pharmaceutical company with over 5,000 employees and operations in over 40 countries and revenues over  1.2 billion annually. Chemo operates across the entire pharmaceutical value chain, delivering specialized
expertise and experience in scientific research, development, manufacturing, sales and marketing of a wide range of value-adding active pharmaceutical ingredients, finished dosage forms and branded pharmaceuticals, for human and animal health. While
the main offices are located in Spain, Switzerland and Argentina, Chemo is acting worldwide, creating a broad and balanced manufacturing and commercial network across Europe, America, Asia and Africa, to address global opportunities and customers`
needs in all major pharmaceutical markets. 
 
Chemo`s activity is organized in three synergistic business areas: Industrial, Branded and Biotech, with over 5,000 professionals in more than 40 countries, 20 state-of-the-art facilities, 9 specialized R D centers, 12 commercial offices and
more than 50 pharmaceutical affiliates, serving 1,150 customers in 96 countries around the world. 
 
On September 9, 2016 the Company and RedHill Biopharma Ltd. announced that they had entered into a binding term sheet agreement with Pharmatronic Co. granting Pharmatronic Co. the exclusive license to commercialize RIZAPORT    in the
republic of Korea (South Korea). RIZAPORT    is a proprietary oral thin film formulation of rizatriptan for the treatment of acute migraines. 
 
Subject to satisfaction of remaining conditions, the parties will endeavor to enter into a definitive agreement within 60 days of the execution of the term sheet. 
 
Pursuant to the signing of a definitive agreement, RedHill will grant Pharmatronic Co. the exclusive rights to register and commercialize RIZAPORT    in South Korea. Under the term sheet, IntelGenx and RedHill are to receive an upfront
payment and will be eligible to receive additional milestone payments upon achievement of certain predefined regulatory and commercial targets, as well as tiered royalties. Financial terms of the term sheet were not disclosed. The initial term of
the definitive agreement is expected to be ten years from the date of first commercial sale with an automatic renewal of an additional two years. Commercial launch in South Korea is estimated to take place in the first quarter of 2019. 
 
Pharmatronic Co. is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Seoul and distributing exclusively licensed pharmaceutical products in Korea. Since established in 2005, Pharmatronic Co. has focused R D and marketing resources on the specialized
target field of neurology, ENT and urology, building a strong image as a leading provider in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry.  
 
 Corporate related developments  
 
  New Manufacturing Facility with increased R D and Administration space   
 
On April 24, 2015, we entered into an agreement to lease approximately 17,000 square feet in a property located at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec (the  Lease ). The Lease has a 10 year and 6-month term which commenced on September 1,
2015 and we have retained two options to extend the Lease, with each option being for an additional five years. Under the terms of the Lease we will be required to pay base rent of approximately CAD 110 thousand (approximately  84 thousand)
per year, which will increase at a rate of CAD 0.25 ( 0.19) per square foot /per year,
every two years. We plan to use the newly leased space to manufacture our oral film VersaFilm  products, to enlarge our research and development capabilities, and for administration purposes.  
 20 

We also finalised negotiations on April 29, 2015 for an agreement for the construction of manufacturing facilities, laboratories, and offices within the property located at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec, at an aggregate cost of CAD 2.9 million
(approximately  2.2 million). The construction agreement was awarded to BTL Construction Inc. ( BTL ) in Quebec following a tender process that was completed in December 2014. BTL specializes in the construction and renovation of
facilities for the pharmaceutical industry, and has completed projects for various major pharmaceutical companies. We funded this project from cash on hand as well as a CAD 1 million loan from IQ. Construction was successfully completed in Q1,
2016.  
 
As of September 30, 2016, we have received CAD 3.5 million in cash as part of a credit facility (approximately  3.0 million) negotiated with the Bank. The credit facility is supported by a 50% guarantee under the Export Guarantee Program
from Export Development Canada, Canada s export credit agency. The financial covenants of the credit facility require us to maintain a Minimum Debt Service Coverage ratio of 1.25:1, and a Maximum Total Debt to Tangible Net Worth ratio of
2.5:1. As part of securing the credit facility, we will maintain our operating bank account with the Bank and we will conduct all future banking transactions related to our business operations through the Bank. We used the funds for the purchase and
installation of new equipment for our new, state-of the-art, manufacturing facility.  
 
 All amounts are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.   
 
 Currency rate fluctuations   
 
Our operating currency is Canadian dollars, while our reporting currency is U.S. dollars. Accordingly, our results of operations and balance sheet position have been affected by currency rate fluctuations. In summary, our financial statements for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 report an accumulated other comprehensive loss due to foreign currency translation adjustments of  621 due to the fluctuations in the rates used to prepare our financial statements,  105 of
which positively impacted our comprehensive loss for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. The following Management Discussion and Analysis takes this into consideration whenever material.  
 
 Reconciliation of Comprehensive Income (Loss) to Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA)   
 
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-US GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of the Adjusted EBITDA is presented in the table below. The Company uses adjusted financial measures to assess its operating performance. Securities regulations require that
companies caution readers that earnings and other measures adjusted to a basis other than US-GAAP do not have standardized meanings and are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Accordingly, they should not be
considered in isolation. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA to measure its performance from one period to the next without the variation caused by certain adjustments that could potentially distort the analysis of trends in our operating performance,
and because the Company believes it provides meaningful information on the Company s financial condition and operating results. 
 
IntelGenx obtains its Adjusted EBITDA measurement by adding to comprehensive income (loss), finance income and costs, depreciation and amortization, income taxes and foreign currency translation adjustment incurred during the period. IntelGenx also
excludes the effects of certain non-monetary transactions recorded, such as share-based compensation, for its Adjusted EBITDA calculation. The Company believes it is useful to exclude these items as they are either non-cash expenses, items that
cannot be influenced by management in the short term, or items that do not impact core operating performance. Excluding these items does not imply they are necessarily nonrecurring. Share-based compensation costs are a component of employee and
consultant s remuneration and can vary significantly with changes in the market price of the Company s shares.
Foreign currency translation adjustments are a component of other comprehensive
income and can vary significantly with currency fluctuations from one period to
another. In addition, other items that do not impact core operating performance
of the Company may vary significantly from one period to another. As such,
Adjusted EBITDA provides improved continuity with respect to the comparison of
the Company s operating results over a period of time. Our method for
calculating Adjusted EBITDA may differ from that used by other corporations.  
 
21 

Reconciliation of Non-US-GAAP Financial Information   
 
  Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and
Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA)   
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $1,081 for the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 to $311 compared to $1,392 for the three-month period
ended September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $2,168 for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 to ($910) compared to $1,258 for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA of $1,081 for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to a
decrease in revenues of $564 and an increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses of $495 before consideration of stock-based compensation
expense. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA of $2,168 for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to an increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses of $1,296 before consideration of
stock-based compensation expense as well as an increase in research and
development expenses of $652 and a decrease in revenues of $284. 
 22 

Results of operations for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015.  
 
  Revenue  
 Total revenues for the three-month period ended September 30,
2016 amounted to $1,819, representing a decrease of $564 or 24% compared to
$2,383 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Total revenues for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $3,309, representing
a decrease of $284 or 8% compared to $3,593 for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease for the three-month period ended September 30,
2016 compared to the last year s corresponding period is mainly attributable to
a decrease in license and other revenues of $316 and a decrease in royalties of
$248. The decrease in license and other revenues is mainly attributable to a
decrease in milestone revenues of $1,726 and a decrease in deferred license
revenues of $409, offset by an increase in other revenues of $1,819 (upfront and
deferred revenues on monetization). The decrease in royalties is attributable to
the sale of the royalty on future sales of Forfivo XL   . The decrease
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the last year s
corresponding period is mainly attributable to a decrease in license and other
revenues of $661, offset by an increase in royalties of $377. The decrease in
license and other revenues is mainly attributable to a decrease in milestone
revenues of $1,380 and a decrease in deferred license revenues of $1,181, offset
by an increase in other revenues of $1,900 (upfront and deferred revenues on
monetization).  
  Cost of royalty, license, and other revenue   
 We recorded $97 for the cost of royalty license, and other
revenue in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared with $189 in
the same period of 2015. We recorded $228 for the cost of royalty, license, and
other revenue in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared with
$292 in the same period of 2015. This expense relates to a Project Transfer
Agreement that was executed in May 2010 with one of our former development
partners whereby we acquired full rights to, and ownership of, Forfivo
XL   , our novel, high strength formulation of Bupropion hydrochloride,
the active ingredient in Wellbutrin XL   . Pursuant to the Project
Transfer Agreement, and following commercial launch of Forfivo XL    in
October 2012, we are required, after recovering an aggregate $200 for management
fees previously paid, to pay our former development partner 10% of net product
sales received from the
sale of Forfivo XL   . We recovered the final portion of the management fees in December 2014, thereby invoking payments to our former development partner.  
 23 

Research and development ( R D ) expenses  
 
R D expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to  388, representing an increase of  114 or 42%, compared to  274 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. R D expenses for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to  1,295, representing an increase of  652 or 101%, compared to  643 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 
 
The increase in R D expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to increases in patent costs of  75 and R D salaries of  44 mainly related to new hires. The increase in R D expenses for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to increases in patent costs of  349, study costs of  63, analytical costs of  55, lab supplies and consumables of  66 as well as R D salaries of  109 mainly
related to new hires. 
 
In the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 we recorded estimated Research and Development Tax Credits and refunds of  22, compared with  23 that was recorded in the same period of the previous year. In the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 we recorded estimated Research and Development Tax Credits and refunds of  67, compared with  71 that was recorded in the same period of the previous year.  
 
 Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses   
 
SG A expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to  1,072, representing an increase of  519 or 94%, compared to  553 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. SG A expenses for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to  2,837, representing an increase of  1,332 or 89%, compared to  1,505 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 
 
The increase in SG A expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to an increase in salaries and benefits of  237 attributable to the hiring of executives as well as employees in manufacturing and
quality departments to support the beginning of the manufacturing operations. The increase was also attributable to an increase in business development expenses of  119, increase in legal fees of  81 and an increase in leasehold expenses of
 41.  The increase in SG A expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to an increase in salaries and benefits of  700 attributable to the hiring of executives as well as employees in manufacturing
and quality departments to support the beginning of the manufacturing operations. The increase was also attributable to an increase in business development expenses of  233 and an increase in leasehold expenses of  107, an increase in office
expenses of  82 as well as an increase in legal expenses of  79.    
 
 Depreciation of tangible assets   
 
In the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 we recorded an expense of  174 for the depreciation of tangible assets, compared with an expense of  6 thousand for the same period of the previous year. In the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 we recorded an expense of  361 for the depreciation of tangible assets, compared with an expense of  19 thousand for the same period of the previous year.  The increases in the depreciation of tangible assets are mainly
attributable to the commencement of the depreciation of the leasehold improvement as well as the plant equipment.    
 
 Share-based compensation expense, warrants and stock based payments  
 
Share-based compensation warrants and share-based payments expense for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $49 compared to $25 for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Share-based compensation warrants
and share-based payments expense for the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 amounted to $141 compared to $105 for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015. 
 24 

We expensed approximately $45 in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 for options granted to our employees in 2014, 2015 and 2016
under the 2006 Stock Option Plan, and approximately $4 for options granted to
non-employee directors in 2014, 2015 and 2016, compared with $19 and $6
respectively that was expensed in the same period of the previous year. We
expensed approximately $96 in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 for
options granted to our employees in 2014, 2015 and 2016 under the 2006 Stock
Option Plan, and approximately $45 for options granted to non-employee directors
in 2014, 2015 and 2016, compared with $44 and $61 respectively that was expensed
in the same period of the previous year. 
 There remains approximately $295 in stock based compensation to
be expensed in fiscal 2016 and 2017, all of which relates to the issuance of
options to our employees and directors during 2014 to 2016, except for $12
thousand which relates to options granted to a consultant in 2016. We anticipate
the issuance of additional options and warrants in the future, which will
continue to result in stock-based compensation expense.  
  Key items from the balance sheet   
 
  1  Deferred revenue is included in current
liabilities.  
  Current assets   
 Current assets totaled $6,643 as at September 30, 2016 compared
with $4,172 at December 31, 2015. The increase of $2,471 is mainly attributable
to increases in short-term investments of $3,002, prepaid expenses of $469, and
investment tax credits receivable of $74, partially offset by decreases in
accounts receivable of $929 and cash and cash equivalents of $145.  
  Cash and cash equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled $2,720 as at September 30,
2016 representing a decrease of $145 compared with the balance of $2,865 as at
December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash on hand relates to net cash used in
investing
activities of  5,229, offset by net cash provided from operating activities of  3,014 and financing activities of  1,856 and an unrealized foreign exchange gain of  214.  
 25 

The cash used in investing activities of  5,229 was for the purchase of fixed assets mainly comprised of  1,600 for manufacturing and packaging equipment required for our new, state-of-the-art, VersaFilm  manufacturing facility, and
 442 for leasehold improvements related to our new manufacturing facility at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec, and  160 for laboratory equipment. Cash was also used for the acquisition of short-term investments of  3,000.  
 
The cash provided by financing activities derives from an additional loan disbursement in the amount of  1,569 negotiated with the Lender secured by a first ranking movable hypothec on all present and future movable property of the Company and a
50% guarantee by Export Development Canada, a Canadian Crown corporation export credit agency. An amount of  596 derives from the proceeds of exercise of warrants 
 
 Accounts receivable   
 
Accounts receivable totaled  211 as at September 30, 2016 representing a decrease of  929 compared with the balance of  1,140 as at December 31, 2015. The main reason for the decrease is related to the remaining balance of  1,000
received in Q1 2016 from Edgemont s  3,000 milestone payment.  
 
 Prepaid expenses   
 
As at September 30, 2016 prepaid expenses totaled  539 compared with  70 as of December 31, 2015. The increase in prepaid expenses is attributable to the payment of 10% of the royalty on future sales made to Cary Pharmaceuticals Inc.
following the August 2016 monetization. 
 
 Investment tax credits receivable   
 
R D investment tax credits receivable totaled approximately  171 as at September 30, 2016 compared with  97 as at December 31, 2015. The increase relates to the accrual estimated and recorded for the first nine months of 2016.  
 
 Leasehold improvements and equipment   
 
As at September 30, 2016, the net book value of leasehold improvements and equipment amounted to  6,106, compared to  4,238 at December 31, 2015. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 additions to assets totaled  2,229 and
mainly comprised of  1,600 for manufacturing and packaging equipment required for our new, state-of-the-art, VersaFilm  manufacturing facility, and  442 for leasehold improvements related to our new manufacturing facility at 6420
Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec, Canada, and  160 for laboratory equipment. 
 
 Security deposit   
 
A security deposit in the amount of CAD 300 in respect of an agreement to lease approximately 17,000 square feet in a property located at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec, Canada was recorded as at September 30, 2016. Security deposits in the
amount of CAD 650 for the term loans were also recorded as at September 30, 2016.  
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   
 
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities totaled  826 as at September 30, 2016 compared with  1,595 as at December 31, 2015.  The decrease is mainly attributable to the outstanding amount due to the construction Company related to our new
facility located at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec that was paid in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  
 26 

Deferred revenue   
 
On August 5, 2016, the Company sold its U.S. royalty on future sales of Forfivo XL    to SWK Holdings Corporation for  6 million. Under the terms of the agreement, SWK has paid IntelGenx  6 million at closing. In return for, (i)
100% of any and all royalties or similar royalty amounts received on or after April 1, 2016, (ii) 100% of the  2 million milestone payment upon Edgemont reaching annual net sales of  15 million, and (iii) 35% of all potential future
milestone payments. 
 
The deferred revenue represents the payment received for the royalty on future sales in the amount of  6 million less the Q2 royalties recognized in the second quarter in the amount of  352, less the amount recognized in other revenue during
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. The deferred revenue will be recognized as other revenue on a straight-line basis until December 31, 2017. 
 
10% of the proceeds were paid to our former development partner, Cary Pharmaceuticals Inc.  This amount is included in prepaid expenses less the portion expensed during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. This expense will be recognized
as cost of royalty, license and other revenue on a straight-line basis until December 31, 2017.  
 
 Long-term debt   
 
Long-term debt totaled  3,101 as at September 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015 -  1,730). An amount of  2,453 is attributable to a term loan from the lender secured by a first ranking movable hypothec on all present and future movable
property of the Company and a 50% guarantee by Export Development Canada, a Canadian Crown corporation export credit agency. 
 
An amount of  648 is attributable to a second loan secured by a second ranking on all present and future property of the Company reimbursable in monthly principal payments starting January 2017 to December 2021. 
 
 Shareholders  equity   
 
As at September 30, 2016 we had accumulated a deficit of  18,113 compared with an accumulated deficit of  16,557 as at December 31, 2015. Total assets amounted to  13,473 and shareholders  equity totaled  4,850 as at September
30, 2016, compared with total assets and shareholders  equity of  8,916 and  5,564 respectively, as at December 31, 2015.  
 
 Capital stock   
 
As at September 30, 2016 capital stock amounted to  0.647 (December 31, 2015:  0.636) . Capital stock is disclosed at its par value with the excess of proceeds shown in Additional Paid-in-Capital.  
 
 Additional paid-in-capital   
 
Additional paid-in capital totaled  23,583 as at September 30, 2016, as compared to  22,846 as at December 31, 2015. Additional paid in capital increased by  596 due to the exercise of warrants and by  141 for stock based
compensation attributable to the amortization of stock options granted to employees and directors.     
 
 Taxation   
 
As at December 31, 2015, the date of our latest annual tax return, we had Canadian and provincial net operating losses of approximately  6,462 (December 31, 2014:  9,530) and  6,725 (December 31, 2014:  9,683) respectively, which may be applied against earnings of future years.
Utilization of the net operating losses is subject to significant limitations
imposed by the change in control provisions. Canadian and provincial losses will
be expiring between 2027 and 2035. A portion of the net operating losses may
expire before they can be utilized.  
 27 

As at December 31, 2015, we had non-refundable tax credits of
$1,022 (December 31, 2014: $1,100) of which $8 is expiring in 2026, $9 is
expiring in 2027, $163 is expiring in 2028, $143 is expiring in 2029, $122 is
expiring in 2030, $129 is expiring in 2031, $162 is expiring in 2032, $108 is
expiring in 2033, $82 expiring in 2034 and $96 is expiring in 2035. We also had
undeducted research and development expenses of $6,315 (December 31, 2014:
$4,805) with no expiration date.  
 The deferred tax benefit of these items was not recognized in
the accounts as it has been fully provided for.  
  Key items from the statement of cash flows  
 
  Statement of cash flows   
 Net cash from operating activities was $3,014 for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $494 for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015. For the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016, net cash from operating activities consisted of a net loss of $1,556
(2015: net income of $1,024) and an increase in non-cash operating elements of
working capital of $4,068 (2015: decrease in $683). 
 The net cash provided by financing activities was $1,856 for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $450 provided in the
same period of the previous year. An amount of $1,569 derives from disbursements
of a term loan negotiated with the Bank (2015: $394) and $596 derives from the
proceeds of exercise of warrants and stock options (2015: $62) for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  
 Net cash used in investing activities amounted to $5,229 for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,646 in the same
period of 2015. The investing activities for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 used liquidities in the amount of $2,229 (2015: $2,646) for
the purchase of fixed assets mainly comprised of $1,600 for manufacturing and
packaging equipment required for our new, state-of-the-art, VersaFilm 
manufacturing facility, and $442 for leasehold improvements related to our new
manufacturing facility at 6420 Abrams, St-Laurent, Quebec, and $160 for
laboratory equipment. The increase in cash used in investing activities was also
attributable to the acquisition of short-term investments of $3,000 (2015: nil).
 
 The balance of cash and cash equivalents as at September 30,
2016 amounted to $2,720, compared to $2,264 as at September 30, 2015. 
  
  Off-balance sheet arrangements  
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  
 28 

Item 3.   Controls and Procedures. 
     
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective to cause the material information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act to
be recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC's rules and forms. There have been no significant changes
in our internal controls or in other factors which could significantly affect
internal controls subsequent to the date we carried out our evaluation.  
  PART II   

Item   1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

This Item is not applicable   

Item   2.   
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
      Use of Proceeds    

This Item is not applicable.   

Item   3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

This Item is not applicable.   

Item   4.   
       (Reserved)    

Item   5.   
       Other Information    

This Item is not applicable.   

Item   6.   
       Exhibits      
 
 29 

SIGNATURES   
 In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

INTELGENX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

Date: November 10, 2016  
                
       By: /s/  Horst G. Zerbe    

------------------------------------   

Horst G. Zerbe

President, C.E.O.
      and   

Director    

Date: November 10, 2016  
                By:
      /s/  Andre Godin    

------------------------------------   

Andre Godin   

Principal
      Accounting Officer    
 30 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 exhibit10-24.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.24

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Exhibit 10.24 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

AMENDMENT TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT     BY AND AMONG INTELGENX TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (FKA BIG
FLASH        CORPORATION), HORST ZERBE AND INGRID
ZERBE       
 THIS AMENDMENT (this  Amendment ) is executed as of November 8,
2016,   by and among IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (fka Big Flash
Corporation) (the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, and Horst Zerbe and Ingrid
Zerbe (collectively, the  IntelGenx Principals ), together with the IntelGenx
Principals  qualifying transferees (the  Holders ).  
   RECITALS      
  WHEREAS,  the parties hereto entered into a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated April 28, 2006 (the  Registration Rights Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed in certain circumstances to register for
resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, certain shares of common
stock of the Company issuable to the IntelGenx Principals pursuant to the terms
of a Share Exchange Agreement dated April 10, 2006 (the  Share Exchange
Agreement  and  
  WHEREAS,  Joel Cohen was an original party to the
Registration Rights Agreement and the Share Exchange Agreement; and no longer
holds any exchangeable shares that were issued pursuant to the terms of the
Share Exchange Agreement and no longer has any right to receive shares of common
stock of the Company issuable pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
Agreement; and  
  WHEREAS,  the parties hereto now wish to amend the terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement in order to amend certain provisions
thereto.  
  NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises
and covenants contained herein, the parties do hereby agree as follows:  
 1.  Defined Terms . All capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the
Registration Rights Agreement. 
 2.  Amendment . Section 1.2(a) of the Registration Rights
Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
  (a) Demand for Registration. The Holder or Holders holding at
least a majority of the Registrable Securities (the "Requesting Holders") shall
have the right exercisable two times during the period beginning on the date
hereof and ending on April 28, 2026 to request in writing to the Company (the
"Registration Request") that the Company effect a registration under the
Securities Act of all or part of the Requesting Holders' Registrable Securities
(a "Requested Registration"). The Company shall as promptly as practicable file
the Requested Registration (and in any event no later than sixty (60) days after
receiving a Registration Request) (the "Filing Date") and shall use its best
efforts to cause the same to be declared effective by the Commission as promptly
as practicable after such filing (and in any event no later than one hundred
twenty (120) days after receiving a Registration Request) (the "Effectiveness
Date"), except that in each
case the Filing Date and Effectiveness Date may be extended by up to 60 days in the event that the Company is engaged in a bona fide financing transaction, including an underwritten offering, ("Financing Transaction") and the Board of Directors
reasonably believes a Requested Registration would cause such Financing Transaction to be terminated;  

3.  Entire Agreement; Ratification .  This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Except as expressly amended hereby, the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement are each
hereby confirmed and ratified in all respects by the parties hereto and remain in full force and effect.  
 
4.  Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York as applied to agreements among New York residents entered into and to be performed entirely within New York without giving effect to
principles of conflicts of laws.  
 
5.  Counterparts .  This Amendment may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  
 
6.  Necessary Action .  Each party shall perform any further acts and execute and deliver any documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Amendment.  
 
[Signature pages to follow]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as
of the date first above written.  

INTELGENX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.    

By:  /s/    Horst G. Zerbe  

Name: Horst
      G. Zerbe   

Title:
      Director, President   CEO   

By:  /s/    Horst G. Zerbe  

Horst G.
      Zerbe   

Number of
      Shares Covered: 4,238,679.5   

By:  /s/    Ingrid Zerbe  

Ingrid Zerbe

Number of
      Shares Covered: 5,158,221.5     

</EX-10.24>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  
 I, Horst G. Zerbe, Chief Executive Officer of IntelGenx
Technologies Corp. (the "registrant"), certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
IntelGenx Technologies Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  
     / s/    Horst G. Zerbe     

Horst G. Zerbe   

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andre Godin, Principal Accounting Officer of IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (the "registrant"), certify that: 
 
1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IntelGenx Technologies Corp.; 
 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 
 
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 
 
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 
 
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 
 
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
Date: November 10, 2016  
 
 /s/    Andre Godin     
Andre Godin 
Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of IntelGenx
Technologies Corporation (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ending
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the "Report"), I, Horst G. Zerbe, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec.
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company.  
 /s/ Horst G. Zerbe  ------------------------------- Horst
G. Zerbe  Chief Executive Officer  November 10, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. The foregoing certifications are accompanying the Company's Form
10-Q solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate
disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

IntelGenx Technologies Corp.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of IntelGenx
Technologies Corporation(the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ending
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the "Report"), I, Andre Godin, Principal Accounting Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec.
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company.  
 /s/  Andre Godin 
 ------------------------------- Andre Godin  Principal Accounting
Officer  November 10, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. The foregoing certifications are accompanying the Company's Form
10-Q solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate
disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 igxt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 igxt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 igxt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 igxt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 igxt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 igxt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

