<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1357204_0001357204-16-000101_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7346918</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162413</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2177712</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1863659</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2135325</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>877102</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001357204-16-000101.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102163634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001357204-16-000101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160924
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUNKIN' BRANDS GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35258
		FILM NUMBER:		161968336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 ROYALL STREET
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7817374516

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 ROYALL STREET
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUNKIN' BRANDS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUNKIN' BRANDS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUNKIN BRANDS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001357204-16-000101.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 dnkn-20160924x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

FORM 10-Q    

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   September 24, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission file number 001-35258    

DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Delaware 
      
    20-4145825 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

130 Royall Street 
  Canton, Massachusetts 02021 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
  (781) 737-3000 
  (Registrants  telephone number, including area code) 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES    x      NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES    x      NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
       
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     YES           NO    x 
  As of   October 28, 2016  ,   91,734,638   shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page     
        
      Part I.   Financial Information 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    31 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    31 
        
      Part II.   Other Information 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    32 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    32 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    32 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    32 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    32 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    33 
        
     Signatures  
    34 

2 

Table of Contents  

Part I.        Financial Information 
   
  Item 1.       Financial Statements 
   
  DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  
  DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  
  DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  
  DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  (1) Description of Business and Organization 
  Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. ( DBGI ), together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is one of the world s leading franchisors of restaurants serving coffee and baked goods, as well as ice cream, within the quick service restaurant segment of the restaurant industry. We develop, franchise, and license a system of both traditional and nontraditional quick service restaurants and, in limited circumstances, own and operate individual locations. Through our Dunkin  Donuts brand, we develop and franchise restaurants featuring coffee, donuts, bagels, breakfast sandwiches, and related products. Through our Baskin-Robbins brand, we develop and franchise restaurants featuring ice cream, frozen beverages, and related products. Additionally, we distribute Baskin-Robbins ice cream products to Baskin-Robbins franchisees and licensees in certain international markets. 
  Throughout these unaudited consolidated financial statements,  Dunkin  Brands,   the Company,   we,   us,   our,  and  management  refer to DBGI and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
   
  (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  (a) Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
  The consolidated balance sheet as of   September 24, 2016  , the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are unaudited. 
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DBGI and its consolidated subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for complete financial statements. All significant transactions and balances between subsidiaries and affiliates have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been recorded. Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended   December 26, 2015  , included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  (b) Fiscal Year 
  The Company operates and reports financial information on a   52  - or   53  -week year on a   13  -week quarter basis with the fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December and fiscal quarters ending on the 13th Saturday of each quarter (or 14th Saturday when applicable with respect to the fourth fiscal quarter). The data periods contained within the three- and nine-month periods ended   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   reflect the results of operations for the 13-week and 39-week periods ended on those dates, respectively. Operating results for the three- and nine-month periods ended   September 24, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending   December 31, 2016  . The data periods contained within the three- and twelve-month periods ending   December 31, 2016   will reflect the results of operations for the 14-week and 53-week periods ending on that date. 
  (c) Restricted Cash 
  In accordance with the Company s securitized financing facility, certain cash accounts have been established in the name of Citibank, N.A. (the  Trustee ) for the benefit of the Trustee and the noteholders, and are restricted in their use. The Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents (i) cash collections held by the Trustee, (ii) interest, principal, and commitment fee reserves held by the Trustee related to the Company s Notes (see note 4), and (iii) real estate reserves used to pay real estate obligations. Changes in restricted cash accounts are presented as either a component of cash flows from operating or financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the restricted balance. 
  (d) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Financial assets and liabilities are categorized, based on the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to the quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and lowest priority to unobservable inputs. Observable market data, when available, is required to be used in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
  Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015   are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

The deferred compensation liabilities relate to the Dunkin  Brands, Inc. non-qualified deferred compensation plans ( NQDC Plans ), which allows for pre-tax deferral of compensation for certain qualifying employees and directors. Changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation liabilities are derived using quoted prices in active markets of the asset selections made by the participants. The deferred compensation liabilities are classified within Level 2, as defined under U.S. GAAP, because their inputs are derived principally from observable market data by correlation to hypothetical investments. The Company holds assets, which include company-owned life insurance policies, to partially offset the Company s liabilities under the NQDC Plans. The changes in the fair value of any company-owned life insurance policies are derived using determinable cash surrender value. As such, the company-owned life insurance policies are classified within Level 2, as defined under U.S. GAAP.  
  The carrying value, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, and estimated fair value of long-term debt as of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

The estimated fair value of our long-term debt is estimated primarily based on current market rates for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities or current bid prices for our long-term debt. Judgment is required to develop these estimates. As such, our long-term debt is classified within Level 2, as defined under U.S. GAAP. 
  (e) Concentration of Credit Risk 
  The Company is subject to credit risk through its accounts receivable consisting primarily of amounts due from franchisees and licensees for franchise fees, royalty income, and sales of ice cream and other products. In addition, we have note and lease receivables from certain of our franchisees and licensees. The financial condition of these franchisees and licensees is largely dependent upon the underlying business trends of our brands and market conditions within the quick service restaurant industry. This concentration of credit risk is mitigated, in part, by the large number of franchisees and licensees of each brand and the short-term nature of the franchise and license fee and lease receivables. As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  ,   one   master licensee, including its majority-owned subsidiaries, accounted for approximately   18%   and   13%  , respectively, of total accounts and notes receivable.   No   individual franchisee or master licensee accounted for more than 10% of total revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . 
  Additionally, the Company engages various third parties to manufacture and/or distribute certain Dunkin  Donuts and Baskin-Robbins products under licensing arrangements. As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , net receivables for   one   of these third parties accounted for approximately   20%   and   13%  , respectively, of total accounts and notes receivable.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

(f) Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued new guidance for employee share-based compensation which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including excess tax benefits, forfeiture estimates, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification in the statements of cash flows. This guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company expects to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2017. Upon adoption, any future excess tax benefits or deficiencies will be recorded to the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations, instead of additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. During fiscal year 2015 and the nine months ended September 24, 2016,   $11.5 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively, of excess tax benefits were recorded to additional paid-in capital that would have been recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if this new guidance had been adopted as of the respective dates. The Company is further evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on the Company s accounting policies, consolidated financial statements, and related disclosures, as well as the transition methods. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for lease accounting, which replaces existing lease guidance. The new guidance aims to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requiring disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2019 with early adoption permitted, and modified retrospective application is required. The Company expects to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company expects that most of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance for revenue recognition related to contracts with customers, except for contracts within the scope of other standards, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. The new guidance provides a single framework in which revenue is required to be recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018 with early adoption permitted in fiscal year 2017. The Company expects to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2018, and has not yet selected a transition method. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company expects the adoption of the new guidance to change the timing of recognition of initial franchise fees, including master license and territory fees for our international business, and renewal fees. Currently, these fees are generally recognized upfront upon either opening of the respective restaurant or when a renewal agreement becomes effective. The new guidance will generally require these fees to be recognized over the term of the related franchise license for the respective restaurant. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on these and other revenue transactions, as well as the presentation of advertising fund revenues and expenses, in addition to the impact on accounting policies and related disclosures. 
  (g) Subsequent Events 
  Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date these consolidated financial statements were filed. 
   
  (3) Franchise Fees and Royalty Income 
  Franchise fees and royalty income consisted of the following (in thousands): 

9 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in franchised and company-operated points of distribution were as follows:   

(4) Debt 
  Securitized Financing Facility 
  In January 2015, DB Master Finance LLC (the  Master Issuer ), a limited-purpose, bankruptcy-remote, wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of DBGI, entered into a base indenture and a related supplemental indenture (collectively, the  Indenture ) under which the Master Issuer may issue multiple series of notes. On the same date, the Master Issuer issued Series 2015-1   3.262%   Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I (the  Class A-2-I Notes ) with an initial principal amount of   $750.0 million   and Series 2015-1   3.980%   Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II (the  Class A-2-II Notes  and, together with the Class A-2-I Notes, the  Class A-2 Notes ) with an initial principal amount of   $1.75 billion  . In addition, the Master Issuer issued Series 2015-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1 (the  Variable Funding Notes  and, together with the Class A-2 Notes, the  Notes ), which allow the Master Issuer to borrow up to   $100.0 million   on a revolving basis. The Variable Funding Notes may also be used to issue letters of credit. The Notes were issued in a securitization transaction pursuant to which most of the Company s domestic and certain of its foreign revenue-generating assets, consisting principally of franchise-related agreements, real estate assets, and intellectual property and license agreements for the use of intellectual property, are held by the Master Issuer and certain other limited-purpose, bankruptcy-remote, wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries of the Company that act as guarantors of the Notes and that have pledged substantially all of their assets to secure the Notes.  
  The legal final maturity date of the Class A-2 Notes is in   February 2045  , but it is anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the Indenture, the Class A-2-I Notes will be repaid in   February 2019   and the Class A-2-II Notes will be repaid in   February 2022   (the  Anticipated Repayment Dates ). If the Class A-2 Notes have not been repaid in full by their respective Anticipated Repayment Dates, a rapid amortization event will occur in which residual net cash flows of the Master Issuer, after making certain required payments, will be applied to the outstanding principal of the Class A-2 Notes. Various other events, including failure to maintain a minimum ratio of net cash flows to debt service ( DSCR ), may also cause a rapid amortization event. Borrowings under the Class A-2-I and Class A-2-II Notes bear interest at fixed rates equal to   3.262%   and   3.980%  , respectively. If the Class A-2 Notes are not repaid or refinanced prior to their respective Anticipated Repayment Dates, incremental interest will accrue. Principal payments are required to be made on the Class A-2-I and Class A-2-II Notes equal to   $7.5 million   and   $17.5 million  , respectively, per calendar year, payable in quarterly installments. No principal payments will be required if a specified leverage ratio, which is a measure of outstanding debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for certain items (as specified in the Indenture), is less than or equal to   5.0   to 1.0, however, the Company may elect to continue to make principal payments. Other events and transactions, such as certain asset sales and receipt of various insurance or indemnification proceeds, may trigger additional mandatory prepayments. 
  It is anticipated that the principal and interest on the Variable Funding Notes will be repaid in full on or prior to   February 2020  , subject to two additional one-year extensions. Borrowings under the Variable Funding Notes bear interest at a rate equal to a base rate, a LIBOR rate plus   2.25%  , or the lenders  commercial paper funding rate plus   2.25%  . If the Variable Funding Notes are not repaid prior to   February 2020   or prior to the end of an extension period, if applicable, incremental interest will accrue. In addition, the Company is required to pay a   2.25%   fee for letters of credit amounts outstanding and a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Variable Funding Notes which ranges from   0.50%   to   1.00%   based on utilization.  
  As of   September 24, 2016  , approximately   $738.8 million   and   $1.72 billion   of principal were outstanding on the Class A-2-I Notes and Class A-2-II Notes, respectively. Total debt issuance costs incurred and capitalized in connection with the issuance of the Notes were   $41.3 million  . The effective interest rate, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, was   3.5%   and   4.3%   for the Class A-2-I Notes and Class A-2-II Notes, respectively, as of   September 24, 2016  .  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 24, 2016  ,   $25.9 million   of letters of credit were outstanding against the Variable Funding Notes, which relate primarily to interest reserves required under the Indenture. There were   no   amounts drawn down on these letters of credit as of   September 24, 2016  . 
  The Notes are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of this type, including (i) that the Master Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be used to make required payments in respect of the Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments, including mandatory prepayments in the event of a change of control as defined in the Indenture and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified make-whole payments in the case of the Class A-2 Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments in the event, among other things, the assets pledged as collateral for the Notes are in stated ways defective or ineffective, and (iv) covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to information, and similar matters. As noted above, the Notes are also subject to customary rapid amortization events provided for in the Indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain stated DSCR, failure to maintain an aggregate level of Dunkin  Donuts U.S. retail sales on certain measurement dates, certain manager termination events, an event of default, and the failure to repay or refinance the Class A-2 Notes on the applicable scheduled maturity date. The Notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-payment of required interest, principal, or other amounts due on or with respect to the Notes, failure to comply with covenants within certain time frames, certain bankruptcy events, breaches of specified representations and warranties, failure of security interests to be effective, and certain judgments. 
  Senior Credit Facility 
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of   $20.6 million  , consisting primarily of the write-off of the remaining original issuance discount and debt issuance costs related to the senior credit facility, which was repaid in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 with the proceeds of the issuance of the Class A-2 Notes. 
   
  (5) Other Current Liabilities 
  Other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The decrease in the gift card/certificate liability was driven by the seasonality of our gift card program.  
   
  (6) Segment Information 
  The Company is strategically aligned into two global brands, Dunkin  Donuts and Baskin-Robbins, which are further segregated between U.S. operations and international operations. As such, the Company has determined that it has   four   operating segments, which are its reportable segments: Dunkin  Donuts U.S., Dunkin  Donuts International, Baskin-Robbins U.S., and Baskin-Robbins International. Dunkin  Donuts U.S., Baskin-Robbins U.S., and Dunkin  Donuts International primarily derive their revenues through royalty income and franchise fees. Baskin-Robbins U.S. also derives revenue through license fees from a third-party license agreement and rental income. Dunkin  Donuts U.S. also derives revenue through retail sales at company-operated restaurants and rental income. Baskin-Robbins International primarily derives its revenues from the sales of ice cream and other products, as well as royalty income, franchise fees, and license fees. The operating results of each segment are regularly reviewed and evaluated separately by the Company s senior management, which includes, but is not limited to, the chief executive officer. Senior management primarily evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based on operating income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, long-lived asset impairment charges, and other infrequent or unusual charges, which does not reflect the allocation of any corporate charges. This profitability measure is referred to as segment profit. When senior management reviews a balance sheet, it is at a consolidated level. The accounting policies applicable to each segment are consistent with those used in the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, certain segment profit amounts in the tables below have been reclassified as a result of the realignment of the Company s organizational structure to better support its segment operations, including the allocation of previously unallocated costs. Additionally, revenues and segment profit amounts related to restaurants located in Puerto Rico were previously included in the Baskin-Robbins International segment, but are now included in the Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment based on functional responsibility. Prior period amounts in the tables below have been revised to reflect these changes for all periods presented. 
  Revenues for all operating segments include only transactions with unaffiliated customers and include no intersegment revenues. Revenues reported as  Other  include revenues earned through certain licensing arrangements with third parties in which our brand names are used, including the licensing fees earned from the Dunkin  K-Cup  pod licensing agreement, revenues generated from online training programs for franchisees, and revenues from the sale of Dunkin  Donuts products in certain international markets, all of which are not allocated to a specific segment. Revenues by segment were as follows (in thousands): 

Amounts included in  Corporate  in the segment profit table below include corporate overhead costs, such as payroll and related benefit costs and professional services, net of  Other  revenues reported above. Segment profit by segment was as follows (in thousands): 

Net income of equity method investments is included in segment profit for the Dunkin  Donuts International and Baskin-Robbins International reportable segments. Amounts reported as  Other  in the segment profit table below include the reduction in depreciation and amortization, net of tax, reported by our equity method investees as a result of previously  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

recorded impairment charges. Net income of equity method investments by reportable segment was as follows (in thousands):   

(7) Stockholders  Deficit 
  The changes in total stockholders  deficit were as follows (in thousands): 

(a) Treasury Stock  
  On October 22, 2015, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the  October 2015 ASR Agreement ) with a third-party financial institution. Pursuant to the terms of the October 2015 ASR Agreement, the Company paid the financial institution   $125.0 million   in cash and received an initial delivery of   2,527,167   shares of the Company s common stock in fiscal year 2015, representing an estimate of 80% of the total shares expected to be delivered under the October 2015 ASR Agreement. Upon final settlement of the October 2015 ASR Agreement during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company received an additional delivery of   483,913   shares of its common stock based on a weighted average cost per share of   $41.51   over the term of the October 2015 ASR Agreement.  
  On February 4, 2016, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the  February 2016 ASR Agreement ) with a third-party financial institution. Pursuant to the terms of the February 2016 ASR Agreement, the Company paid the financial institution   $30.0 million   in cash and received   702,239   shares of the Company s common stock during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 based on a weighted average cost per share of   $42.72   over the term of the February 2016 ASR Agreement. 
  The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method, and as such recorded an increase in common treasury stock of   $55.0 million   during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   for the shares repurchased under the accelerated share repurchase agreements, based on the cost of the shares on the dates of repurchase and any direct costs incurred. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , the Company retired   1,186,152   shares of treasury stock, resulting in decreases in treasury stock and additional paid-in capital of   $55.0 million   and   $11.3 million  , respectively, and an increase in accumulated deficit of   $43.7 million  .  
  (b) Equity Incentive Plans 
  During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , the Company granted stock options to purchase   1,384,294   shares of common stock and   93,666   restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to certain employees and members of our board of directors. The  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

stock options generally vest in equal annual amounts over a   four  -year period subsequent to the grant date, and have a maximum contractual term of   seven   years. The stock options were granted with an exercise price of   $44.35   per share and have a weighted average grant-date fair value of   $7.40   per share. The RSUs granted to employees and members of our board of directors vest in equal annual amounts over a   three  -year period and a   one  -year period, respectively, subsequent to the grant date and have a weighted average grant-date fair value of   $42.30   per share. 
  In addition, the Company granted   92,487   performance stock units ( PSUs ) to certain employees during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. These PSUs are eligible to vest on February 23, 2019, subject to two separate vesting conditions. Of the total PSUs granted,   39,684   PSUs are subject to a service condition and a market vesting condition linked to the level of total shareholder return received by the Company s shareholders during the performance period measured against the companies in the S P 500 Composite Index ( TSR PSUs ). The remaining   52,803   PSUs granted are subject to a service condition and a performance vesting condition linked to adjusted operating income growth over the performance period ( AOI PSUs ). The maximum vesting percentage that could be realized for each of the TSR PSUs and the AOI PSUs is 200% based on the level of performance achieved for the respective awards. All of the PSUs are also subject to a one-year post-vesting holding period. The TSR PSUs were valued based on a Monte Carlo simulation model to reflect the impact of the total shareholder return market condition, resulting in a grant-date fair value of   $55.36   per share. The AOI PSUs have a grant-date fair value of   $41.61   per share.  
  Total compensation expense related to all share-based awards was   $4.2 million   for each of the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , and   $12.5 million   and   $11.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
  (c) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss were as follows (in thousands): 

(d) Dividends 
  The Company paid a quarterly dividend of   $0.30   per share of common stock on   March 16, 2016  ,   June 8, 2016  , and   August 31, 2016  , totaling approximately   $27.4 million  ,   $27.5 million  , and   $27.5 million  , respectively. On   October 20, 2016  , the Company announced that its board of directors approved the next quarterly dividend of   $0.30   per share of common stock payable   November 30, 2016   to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   November 21, 2016  .    
   
  (8) Earnings per Share 
  The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share is as follows:   

  The weighted average number of common shares in the common diluted earnings per share calculation includes the dilutive effect of   944,142   and   1,047,970   equity awards for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and includes the dilutive effect of   941,639   and   1,141,756   equity awards for the   nine months ended     September 24,  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, using the treasury stock method. The weighted average number of common shares in the common diluted earnings per share calculation for all periods excludes all contingently issuable equity awards for which the contingent vesting criteria were not yet met as of the fiscal period end. As of   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , there were   150,000   restricted shares that were contingently issuable and for which the contingent vesting criteria were not yet met as of the fiscal period end. Additionally, the weighted average number of common shares in the common diluted earnings per share calculation excludes   4,048,878   and   2,937,525   equity awards for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and   4,257,237   and   3,004,575   equity awards for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, as they would be antidilutive. 
   
  (9) Commitments and Contingencies 
  (a)   S  upply Chain Guarantees 
  The Company has various supply chain agreements that provide for purchase commitments, the majority of which result in the Company being contingently liable upon early termination of the agreement. As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company was contingently liable under such supply chain agreements for approximately   $121.7 million   and   $157.8 million  , respectively. For certain supply chain commitments, as product is purchased by the Company s franchisees over the term of the agreement, the amount of the guarantee is reduced. The Company assesses the risk of performing under each of these guarantees on a quarterly basis, and, based on various factors including internal forecasts, prior history, and ability to extend contract terms. As of   September 24, 2016  , the Company recorded an immaterial amount of reserves for such commitments. No accrual was required as of   December 26, 2015   related to these commitments. 
  (b) Letters of Credit 
  As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company had standby letters of credit outstanding for a total of   $25.9 million   and   $26.3 million  , respectively.  There were   no   amounts drawn down on these letters of credit as of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  . 
  (c) Legal Matters 
  In May 2003, a group of Dunkin  Donuts franchisees from Quebec, Canada filed a lawsuit against the Company on a variety of claims, including but not limited to, alleging that the Company breached its franchise agreements and provided inadequate management and support to Dunkin  Donuts franchisees in Quebec (the  Bertico litigation ). In June 2012, the Quebec Superior Court found for the plaintiffs and issued a judgment against the Company in the amount of approximately   C$16.4 million  , plus costs and interest, representing loss in value of the franchises and lost profits. The Company appealed the decision, and in April 2015, the Quebec Court of Appeals (Montreal) ruled to reduce the damages to approximately C  $10.9 million  , plus costs and interest. The Company sought leave to appeal the decision with the Supreme Court of Canada, but was denied in March 2016. Similar claims have also been made against the Company by other former Dunkin  Donuts franchisees in Canada. As a result of the Bertico litigation appellate ruling and assessment of similar claims, the Company reduced its aggregate legal reserves for the Bertico litigation and similar claims by approximately   $2.8 million   during the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, which was recorded within general and administrative expenses, net in the consolidated statements of operations. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company reached a final agreement on costs and interest with the plaintiffs in the Bertico litigation, and paid approximately   C$17.4 million   during the nine months ended   September 24, 2016   with respect to this matter, which represented the full amounts owed to the plaintiffs.  
  Additionally, the Company is engaged in several matters of litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business as a franchisor. Such matters include disputes related to compliance with the terms of franchise and development agreements, including claims or threats of claims of breach of contract, negligence, and other alleged violations by the Company. As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  ,   $5.7 million   and   $18.3 million  , respectively, is recorded within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets in connection with all outstanding litigation. 
   
  (10) Related-Party Transactions 
  (a) Advertising Funds 
  As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company had a net payable of   $11.8 million   and   $11.6 million  , respectively, to the various advertising funds. 
  To cover administrative expenses of the advertising funds, the Company charges each advertising fund a management fee for items such as facilities, accounting services, information technology, data processing, product development, legal, administrative support services, and other operating expenses, as well as share-based compensation expense for employees that provide services directly to the advertising funds. Management fees totaled   $2.4 million   and   $2.5 million   for the   three months  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   and   $7.3 million   for each of the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . Such management fees are included in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction in general and administrative expenses, net. 
  The Company made discretionary contributions to certain advertising funds for the purpose of supplementing national and regional advertising in certain markets of   $1.1 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  . An immaterial amount of such contributions were made during the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  . Additionally, the Company made contributions to the advertising funds based on retail sales at company-operated restaurants of   $80 thousand   and   $350 thousand   during the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and   $594 thousand   and   $969 thousand   during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, which are included in company-operated restaurant expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also funded advertising fund initiatives of   $1.8 million   and   $1.9 million   during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, which were contributed from the gift card breakage liability included within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets (see note 5). 
  (b) Equity Method Investments 
  The Company recognized royalty income from its equity method investees as follows (in thousands): 

As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company had   $1.2 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, of royalties receivable from its equity method investees, which were recorded in accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  The Company made net payments to its equity method investees totaling approximately   $713 thousand   and   $621 thousand   during the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and   $2.3 million   and   $2.4 million   during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, primarily for the purchase of ice cream and other products. 
  As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company had   $2.1 million   of notes receivable from its Spain JV, which were fully reserved as of the respective dates. The notes receivable, net of the reserve, are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  
  The Company recognized   $790 thousand   and   $801 thousand   during the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, and   $2.5 million   and   $2.2 million   during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations from the sale of ice cream and other products to Palm Oasis Ventures Pty. Ltd. ( Australia JV ), of which the Company owns a   20%   equity interest. As of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , the Company had   $2.3 million   and   $3.1 million  , respectively, of net receivables from the Australia JV,     consisting of accounts receivable and notes and other receivables, net of current liabilities.  
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain statements contained herein are not based on historical fact and are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the applicable securities laws and regulations. Generally, these statements can be identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe,   could,   estimate,   expect,   feel,   forecast,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   project,   should,  or  would,  and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts.  
  By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the ongoing level of profitability of franchisees and licensees; our franchisees      and licensees      ability to sustain same store sales growth; successful westward expansion; changes in working relationships with our franchisees and licensees and the actions of our franchisees and licensees; our master franchisees  relationships with sub-franchisees; the strength of our brand in the markets in which we compete; changes in competition within the quick service restaurant segment of the food industry; changes in consumer behavior resulting from changes in technologies or alternative methods of delivery; economic and political conditions in the countries where we operate; our substantial indebtedness; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; consumer preferences, spending patterns and demographic trends; the impact of seasonal changes, including weather effects, on our business; the success of our growth strategy and international development; changes in commodity and food prices, particularly coffee, dairy products and sugar, and other operating costs; shortages of coffee; failure of our network and information technology systems; interruptions or shortages in the supply of products to our franchisees and licensees; the impact of food borne-illness or food safety issues or adverse public or media opinions regarding the health effects of consuming our products; our ability to collect royalty payments from our franchisees and licensees; uncertainties relating to litigation; the ability of our franchisees and licensees to open new restaurants and keep existing restaurants in operation; our ability to retain key personnel; any inability to protect consumer credit card data and catastrophic events. 
  Forward-looking statements reflect management s analysis as of the date of this quarterly report. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are more fully described in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including under the section headed  Risk Factors  in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we do not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
   
  Introduction and Overview 
  We are one of the world s leading franchisors of quick service restaurants ( QSRs ) serving hot and cold coffee and baked goods, as well as hard serve ice cream. We franchise restaurants under our Dunkin  Donuts and Baskin-Robbins brands. With over 19,000 points of distribution in more than 60 countries worldwide, we believe that our portfolio has strong brand awareness in our key markets. QSR is a restaurant format characterized by counter or drive-thru ordering and limited or no table service. As of   September 24, 2016  , Dunkin  Donuts had   12,008   global points of distribution with restaurants in 41 U.S. states and the District of Columbia and in 43 foreign countries. Baskin-Robbins had   7,776   global points of distribution as of the same date, with restaurants in 43 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and 49 foreign countries. 
  We are organized into four segments: Dunkin  Donuts U.S., Dunkin  Donuts International, Baskin-Robbins U.S., and Baskin-Robbins International. We generate revenue from five primary sources: (i) royalty income and fees associated with franchised restaurants, (ii) rental income from restaurant properties that we lease or sublease to franchisees, (iii) sales of ice cream and other products to franchisees in certain international markets, (iv) retail store revenue at our company-operated restaurants, and (v) other income including fees for the licensing of our brands for products sold in non-franchised outlets (such as retail packaged coffee and Dunkin  Donuts K-Cup  pods), the licensing of the rights to manufacture Baskin-Robbins ice cream products to a third party for sale to U.S. franchisees, refranchising gains, transfer fees from franchisees, and online training fees.    
  Franchisees fund the vast majority of the cost of new restaurant development. As a result, we are able to grow our system with lower capital requirements than many of our competitors. With only   6   company-operated points of distribution as of   September 24, 2016  , we are less affected by store-level costs, profitability, and fluctuations in commodity costs than other QSR operators. 
  Our franchisees fund substantially all of the advertising that supports both brands. Those advertising funds also fund the cost of our marketing, research and development, and innovation personnel. Royalty payments and advertising fund contributions typically are made on a weekly basis for restaurants in the U.S., which limits our working capital needs. For the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016  , franchisee contributions to the U.S. advertising funds were $316.8 million. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

We operate and report financial information on a 52- or 53-week year on a 13-week quarter basis with the fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December and fiscal quarters ending on the 13th Saturday of each quarter (or 14th Saturday when applicable with respect to the fourth fiscal quarter). The data periods contained within the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   reflect the results of operations for the 13-week and 39-week periods ended on those dates. Operating results for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 24, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending   December 31, 2016  . The data periods contained within our three- and twelve-month periods ending   December 31, 2016   will reflect the results of operations for the 14-week and 53-week periods ending on that date.  
  Selected Operating and Financial Highlights 

(a)   
    Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we began presenting systemwide sales rather than franchisee-reported sales, which excludes sales of company-operated restaurants, as we believe the systemwide sales information is a more complete metric in obtaining an understanding of our financial performance. Additionally, systemwide sales related to restaurants located in Puerto Rico were previously included in the Baskin-Robbins International segment, but are now included in the Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment based on functional responsibility for all periods presented. 
       
  Our financial results are largely driven by changes in systemwide sales, which include sales by all points of distribution, whether owned by Dunkin  Brands or by our franchisees and licensees, including joint ventures. While we do not record sales by franchisees, licensees, or joint ventures as revenue, and such sales are not included in our consolidated financial statements, we believe that this operating measure is important in obtaining an understanding of our financial performance. We believe systemwide sales information aids in understanding how we derive royalty revenue and in evaluating our performance relative to competitors. 
  Comparable store sales growth (decline) for Dunkin  Donuts U.S. and Baskin-Robbins U.S. is calculated by including only sales from franchisee- and company-operated restaurants that have been open at least 78 weeks and that have reported sales in the current and comparable prior year week. Comparable store sales growth (decline) for Dunkin  Donuts International and Baskin-Robbins International represents the growth in local currency average weekly sales for franchisee-operated restaurants, including joint ventures, that have been open at least 54 weeks and that have reported sales in the current and comparable prior year week. 
  Overall growth in systemwide sales of   6.3%   and   4.8%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , over the same periods in the prior fiscal year resulted from the following: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

sales growth of   2.0%   and   1.4%  , respectively. The increase in comparable store sales was driven by increased average ticket offset by a decline in traffic. Growth was driven by strong beverage sales, led by iced coffee and hot and iced espresso-based beverages, and breakfast sandwiches, led by limited-time-offer products.  
             
    Dunkin  Donuts International systemwide sales growth of   8.1%   and   2.8%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, driven primarily by sales growth in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and South America. Sales growth for the nine months ended   September 24, 2016   was also offset by a decline in sales in South Korea. Sales in South Korea, Asia, and South America for the nine months ended   September 24, 2016   were negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, systemwide sales for each of the three- and nine-month periods ended   September 24, 2016   increased by approximately 7%. Dunkin  Donuts International comparable store sales declined   1.4%   and   2.2%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, due to declines in Europe and South Korea, offset by gains in South America. 
                
    Baskin-Robbins U.S. systemwide sales decline of   0.8%   for the three months ended   September 24, 2016  , resulting primarily from comparable store sales decline of   0.9%  , due to declines in sales of beverages and sundaes, offset by growth in sales of cups and cones led by Warm Cookie and Donut Ice Cream Sandwiches. Systemwide sales grew   1.5%   for the nine months ended   September 24, 2016  , resulting primarily from comparable store sales growth of   1.1%  , driven by increased sales of cups and cones. For the three and nine months ended   September 24, 2016  , traffic declined and average ticket increased. 
                
    Baskin-Robbins International systemwide sales growth of   8.8%   and   1.6%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, primarily driven by sales growth in Japan and Korea. Sales in Japan and Korea were positively impacted by favorable foreign exchange rates for the three months ended   September 24, 2016  . Sales in Japan were positively impacted by favorable foreign exchange rates while sales in South Korea were negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rates for the nine months ended   September 24, 2016  . On a constant currency basis, systemwide sales for the three months ended   September 24, 2016   increased by approximately 2% and systemwide sales on a constant currency basis for the nine months ended   September 24, 2016   remained flat. Baskin-Robbins International comparable store sales declined   2.9%   and   5.5%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, driven primarily by declines in South Korea and the Middle East. 
     Changes in systemwide sales are impacted, in part, by changes in the number of points of distribution. Points of distribution information related to restaurants located in Puerto Rico were previously included in the Baskin-Robbins International segment, but are now included in the Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment based on functional responsibility. Prior period amounts in the tables below have been revised to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Points of distribution and net openings as of and for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   were as follows: 

Total revenues decreased   $2.7 million  , or   1.3%  , for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   due primarily to a decrease in sales at company-operated restaurants of   $5.7 million   driven by a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants, as well as a decrease in sales of ice cream and other products of   $3.0 million   due primarily to a decline of sales of ice cream products to the Middle East. These decreases in revenues were offset by an increase in franchise fees and royalty income of  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

$4.7 million   driven by Dunkin  Donuts U.S. systemwide sales growth, offset by declines in gross openings and renewal income. 
  Total revenues increased   $6.0 million  , or   1.0%  , for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , due primarily to an increase in franchise fees and royalty income of   $19.2 million   driven primarily by Dunkin  Donuts U.S. systemwide sales growth, offset by a decrease in sales at company-operated restaurants of   $9.7 million   due to a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants. Also offsetting the increase in total revenues was a decrease in sales of ice cream and other products of $1.6 million as well as a decrease in other revenues of $1.5 million due primarily to a one-time upfront license fee recognized in connection with the Dunkin  K-Cup  pod licensing agreement in the first quarter of 2015. 
  Operating income and adjusted operating income for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $9.6 million  , or   9.6%  , and   $8.8 million  , or   8.3%  , respectively, primarily as a result of the increase in franchise fees and royalty income, as well as gains recognized in connection with the sale of company-operated restaurants and a reduction in general and administrative expenses driven primarily by a decrease in bad debt expense. 
  Operating income and adjusted operating income for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $24.7 million  , or   9.0%  , and   $20.8 million  , or   7.0%  , respectively, primarily as a result of the increase in franchise fees and royalty income, as well as an increase in other operating income due primarily to gains recognized in connection with the sale of company-operated restaurants. Additionally, operating income in the prior fiscal year period was unfavorably impacted by costs incurred related to the final settlement of our Canadian pension plan as a result of the closure of our Canadian ice cream manufacturing plant in 2012 and favorably impacted by a reduction in legal reserves. 
  Net income attributable to Dunkin  Brands and adjusted net income increased   $6.5 million   and   $5.8 million  , respectively, for the three months ended   September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of the increases in operating income and adjusted operating income of   $9.6 million   and   $8.8 million  , respectively, offset by an increase in income tax expense. 
  Net income attributable to Dunkin  Brands increased   $25.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of the   $20.6 million   loss on debt extinguishment and refinancing transactions recorded in the prior fiscal year period and the   $24.7 million   increase in operating income, offset by an   $18.1 million   increase in income tax expense and additional interest expense of   $2.4 million   driven primarily by additional borrowings incurred in conjunction with the securitization refinancing transaction completed in January 2015. Adjusted net income increased   $10.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of the   $20.8 million   increase in adjusted operating income, offset by increases in income tax expense and interest expense. 
  Adjusted operating income and adjusted net income are non-GAAP measures reflecting operating income and net income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, long-lived asset impairments, impairments of investments in joint ventures, and other non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual charges, net of the tax impact of such adjustments in the case of adjusted net income. We use adjusted operating income and adjusted net income as key performance measures for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. We also believe adjusted operating income and adjusted net income provide our investors with useful information regarding our historical operating results. These non-GAAP measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Use of the terms adjusted operating income and adjusted net income may differ from similar measures reported by other companies.    
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted operating income and adjusted net income are reconciled from operating income and net income, respectively, determined under GAAP as follows: 

(a) 
    Represents non-capitalizable costs incurred as a result of the securitized financing facility, which was completed in January 2015. 
              (b) 
    Adjustment for the nine months ended September 24, 2016 represents a net reduction to legal reserves for the Bertico litigation based upon final agreement of interest and related costs associated with the judgment. Adjustment for the nine months ended September 26, 2015 represents a net reduction to legal reserves for the Bertico litigation and related matters, as a result of the Quebec Court of Appeals (Montreal) ruling to reduce the damages assessed against the Company in the Bertico litigation from approximately C$16.4 million to approximately C$10.9 million, plus costs and interest. 
              (c) 
    Represents costs incurred related to the final settlement of our Canadian pension plan as a result of the closure of our Canadian ice cream manufacturing plant in fiscal year 2012. 
              (d) 
    Tax impact of adjustments calculated at a 40% effective tax rate. 
              (e) 
    Represents the net tax impact of converting Dunkin' Brands Canada Ltd. to Dunkin' Brands Canada ULC. 
       
  Earnings per share 
  Earnings per share and diluted adjusted earnings per share were as follows: 

Diluted adjusted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net income, as defined above, and diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Diluted adjusted earnings per share is not a presentation made in accordance with GAAP, and our use of the term diluted adjusted earnings per share may vary from similar measures reported by others in our industry due to the potential differences in the method of calculation. Diluted adjusted earnings per share should not be considered as an alternative to earnings per share derived in accordance with GAAP. Diluted adjusted earnings per share has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Because of these limitations, we rely primarily on our GAAP results. However, we believe that presenting diluted adjusted earnings per share is appropriate to provide investors with useful information regarding our historical operating results.  
  The following table sets forth the computation of diluted adjusted earnings per share: 

Results of operations 
  Consolidated results of operations 

Total revenues for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased   $2.7 million  , or   1.3%  , due primarily to a decrease in sales at company-operated restaurants of   $5.7 million   driven by a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants, as well as a decrease in sales of ice cream and other products of   $3.0 million   due primarily to a decline in sales of ice cream products to the Middle East. As of   September 24, 2016  , there were six points of distribution that were company-operated, all of which were sold subsequent to quarter end. These decreases in revenues were offset by an increase in franchise fees and royalty income of   $4.7 million   driven by Dunkin  Donuts U.S. systemwide sales growth, offset by declines in gross openings and renewal income. Also offsetting the decrease in total revenues was an increase in rental income of   $0.8 million  , as well as an increase in other revenues of   $0.5 million   due primarily to increased license fees related to the Dunkin  K-Cup  pod licensing agreement. 
  Total revenues for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $6.0 million  , or   1.0%  , due primarily to an increase in franchise fees and royalty income of   $19.2 million   as a result of Dunkin  Donuts U.S. systemwide sales growth, offset by a decrease in sales at company-operated restaurants of   $9.7 million   driven by a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants. Also offsetting the increase in total revenues was a decrease in sales of ice cream and other products of   $1.6 million  , as well as a decrease in other revenues of   $1.5 million   due primarily to a one-time upfront license fee recognized in connection with the Dunkin  K-Cup  pod licensing agreement in the first quarter of 2015. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Occupancy expenses for franchised restaurants for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $2.2 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively, due primarily to expenses incurred to record lease-related liabilities as a result of lease terminations, as well as an increase in the number of leases for franchised locations. 
  Net margin on ice cream and other products for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased to approximately   $8.2 million   due primarily to a decline in sales volume. Net margin on ice cream and other products for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased to approximately   $28.0 million   due primarily to an increase in commodity costs as well as a decline in sales volume. 
  Company-operated restaurant expenses for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  ,decreased   $6.0 million   and   $8.8 million  , respectively, primarily as a result of a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants. 
  General and administrative expenses for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased   $2.1 million   driven by a decrease in bad debt expense, as well as costs incurred in the prior fiscal year period to support our international business and brand-building activities, offset by an increase in consulting fees. 
  General and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased   $3.6 million   driven by a decrease in personnel costs due primarily to costs incurred in the prior fiscal year period related to the final settlement of our Canadian pension plan and reduced incentive compensation expense in the current fiscal year period. Also contributing to the decrease were decreases in bad debt expense and costs incurred in the prior fiscal year period to support brand-building activities. These decreases in general and administrative expenses were offset by an increase in consulting fees as well as a reduction in legal reserves recorded in the prior year fiscal period. 
  Depreciation and amortization for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased   $0.9 million   and   $1.7 million  , respectively, due primarily to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized and favorable lease intangible assets being written-off upon termination of the related leases. 
  Long-lived asset impairment charges for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased   $0.2 million  , driven primarily by the timing of lease terminations, which resulted in the write-off of favorable lease intangible assets and leasehold improvements. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Net income of equity method investments for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $1.4 million   and    $1.2 million  , respectively, as a result of increases in net income from our Japan joint venture, which was due primarily to the reduction of depreciation and amortization, net of tax, as a result of an impairment charge recorded in fiscal year 2015 related to our Japan joint venture. Offsetting the increase for the nine-month period was a decrease in net income from our South Korea joint venture. 
  Other operating income, net includes gains recognized in connection with the sale of real estate and company-operated restaurants and fluctuates based on the timing of such transactions. Other operating income for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   includes gains of $2.5 million and $4.6 million, respectively, recognized in connection with the sale of company-operated restaurants in the Dallas, Texas market. 

The decrease in net interest expense of   $0.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   was driven primarily by a lower principal balance due to principal payments made on our long-term debt. The increase in net interest expense of   $2.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was driven primarily by the securitization refinancing transaction that occurred in January 2015, which resulted in additional borrowings and an increase in the weighted average interest rate, as well as an increase in amortization of capitalized debt issuance costs compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
  The loss on debt extinguishment and refinancing transactions for the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015   of   $20.6 million   resulted from the January 2015 securitization refinancing transaction.  
  The fluctuation in other losses, net, for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   resulted primarily from net foreign exchange losses driven primarily by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar against the Australian dollar and the pound sterling. 

The increase in the effective tax rate for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily a result of additional income earned in the U.S. relative to income earned in lower tax rate foreign jurisdictions. 
  Operating segments 
  We operate four reportable operating segments: Dunkin  Donuts U.S., Dunkin  Donuts International, Baskin-Robbins U.S., and Baskin-Robbins International. We evaluate the performance of our segments and allocate resources to them based on operating income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, long-lived asset impairment charges, and other infrequent or unusual charges, which does not reflect the allocation of any corporate charges. This profitability measure is referred to as segment profit. Segment profit for the Dunkin  Donuts International and Baskin-Robbins International segments includes net income of equity method investments, except for the other-than-temporary impairment charges and the related reduction in depreciation, net of tax, on the underlying long-lived assets. 
  Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, certain segment profit amounts in the tables below have been reclassified as a result of the realignment of our organizational structure to better support our segment operations, including the allocation of  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

previously unallocated costs. Additionally, revenues, segment profit, and points of distribution information related to restaurants located in Puerto Rico were previously included in the Baskin-Robbins International segment, but are now included in the Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment based on functional responsibility. Prior period amounts in the tables below have been revised to reflect these changes for all periods presented. 
  For reconciliations to total revenues and income before income taxes, see note 6 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein. Revenues for all segments include only transactions with unaffiliated customers and include no intersegment revenues. Revenues not included in segment revenues include revenue earned through certain licensing arrangements with third parties in which our brand names are used, revenue generated from online training programs for franchisees, and revenues from the sale of Dunkin  Donuts products in certain international markets, all of which are not allocated to a specific segment. 
  Dunkin  Donuts U.S. 

Dunkin  Donuts U.S. revenues decreased   $1.9 million   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , due primarily to a decline in sales at company-operated restaurants driven by a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants, as well as a decrease in franchise fees due to declines in renewal income and gross openings, and a decrease in other revenues driven primarily by a decline in refranchising gains. These decreases in revenues were offset by increased royalty income due to an increase in systemwide sales. 
  Dunkin  Donuts U.S. revenues increased   $6.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , driven primarily by an increase in royalty income due to systemwide sales growth, offset by a decrease in sales at company-operated restaurants driven by a net decrease in the number of company-operated restaurants, as well as a decrease in franchise fees due to declines in renewal income and gross openings. 
  Dunkin  Donuts U.S. segment profit increased   $6.2 million   and   $20.7 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, which was driven primarily by increases in royalty income and other operating income due primarily to gains recognized in connection with the sale of company-operated restaurants. These increases in segment profit were offset by decreases in franchise fees, as well as expenses incurred to record lease-related liabilities as a result of lease terminations. Also impacting segment profit for the three-month period was a reduction in general and administrative expenses, offset by a decrease in other revenues.  
  Dunkin  Donuts International 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Dunkin  Donuts International revenues for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   decreased by   $0.2 million  . The decrease in revenues was primarily a result of a decline in franchise fees driven by timing of new market openings, offset by an increase in royalty income. 
  Dunkin  Donuts International revenues for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased by   $0.3 million  . The increase in revenues was primarily a result of increased franchise fees due to development in new markets, as well as an increase in royalty income, offset by a decrease in other revenues due primarily to revenue recorded in the prior fiscal year period in connection with a settlement reached with a master licensee. 
  Segment profit for Dunkin  Donuts International decreased   $0.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of the decrease in revenues and an increase in general and administrative expenses driven primarily by an increase in bad debt expense, offset by an increase in net income from our South Korea joint venture. 
  Segment profit for Dunkin  Donuts International decreased   $0.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of an increase in general and administrative expenses driven primarily by an increase in bad debt expense, as well as a decrease in net income from our South Korea joint venture. These decreases in segment profit were offset by revenue growth. 
  Baskin-Robbins U.S. 

Baskin-Robbins U.S. revenues for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   increased   $0.2 million   due primarily to increases in sales of ice cream and other products, rental income, and franchise fees, offset by a decrease in other revenues driven by a decrease in licensing income. 
  Baskin-Robbins U.S. revenues for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   increased slightly due primarily to an increase in other revenues driven by an increase in licensing income, as well as increases in royalty income and franchise fees, offset by a decrease in sales of ice cream and other products. A portion of the fluctuations in licensing income and sales of ice cream and other products can be attributed to a shift in certain franchisees who previously purchased ice cream from the Company now purchasing ice cream directly from our third-party ice cream manufacturer through which we earn a licensing fee. 
  Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment profit increased   $1.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of a reduction in general and administrative expenses, due primarily to expenses incurred in the prior fiscal year period related to brand-building activities, as well as reductions in bad debt expense and incentive compensation. 
  Baskin-Robbins U.S. segment profit increased   $3.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , primarily as a result of a reduction in general and administrative expenses, due primarily to expenses incurred in the prior fiscal year period relating to brand-building activities and incentive compensation, as well as the increases in other revenues and royalty income. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Baskin-Robbins International 

Baskin-Robbins International revenues decreased   $2.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , due primarily to a decrease in sales of ice cream products to the Middle East, partially offset by an increase in royalty income. 
  Baskin-Robbins International revenues increased   $0.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , due primarily to increases in royalty income and sales of ice cream products, offset by a decrease in franchise fees. 
  Baskin-Robbins International segment profit increased   $1.7 million   and   $2.4 million   for the   three and nine months ended      September 24, 2016  , respectively, as a result of decreases in general and administrative expenses driven by reductions in bad debt expense, increases in net income from our Japan joint venture, and increases in royalty income. These increases in segment profit were offset by a decrease in net margin on ice cream, of which the three-month period was driven primarily by a decrease in sales volume, while the nine-month period was primarily driven by an increase in commodity costs. Also offsetting the increases in segment profit for the nine-month period was a decrease in net income from our South Korea joint venture. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 24, 2016  , we held   $270.2 million   of cash and cash equivalents and   $70.7 million   of short-term restricted cash that is restricted under our securitized financing facility. Included in cash and cash equivalents is   $111.1 million   of cash held for advertising funds and reserved for gift card/certificate programs. Cash reserved for gift card/certificate programs also includes cash that will be used to fund initiatives from the gift card breakage liability (see note 5 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein). In addition, as of   September 24, 2016  , we had a borrowing capacity of   $74.1 million   under our   $100.0 million   Variable Funding Notes (as defined below). 
  Operating, investing, and financing cash flows 
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $130.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016  , as compared to   $83.2 million   in the prior fiscal year period. The   $47.1 million   increase in operating cash flows was driven primarily by the fluctuation of restricted cash of   $67.0 million   driven by the initial funding of restricted cash accounts in accordance with the requirements of our securitized debt structure in the prior fiscal year period and an increase in pre-tax income, excluding non-cash items. Offsetting these increases in operating cash flows were an increase in cash paid for income taxes, payments made in connection with the settlement of the Bertico litigation, and an increase in incentive compensation payments.  
  Net cash provided by investing activities was   $4.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016  , as compared to net cash used in investing activities of   $25.0 million   in the prior fiscal year period. The   $29.1 million   increase in investing cash flows was driven primarily by an increase in proceeds received from the sale of real estate and company-operated restaurants of   $13.5 million   and a reduction in capital expenditures of   $13.3 million  , as well as cash paid for the acquisition of a company-operated restaurant in the prior fiscal year period.  
  Net cash used in financing activities was   $124.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016  , as compared to net cash provided by financing activities in the prior fiscal year period of   $59.0 million  . The   $183.7 million   decrease in financing cash flows was driven primarily by the favorable impact of debt-related activities of   $620.2 million   in the prior fiscal year period, resulting from proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, net of debt repayment, payment of debt issuance and other debt-related costs, and funding of restricted cash accounts, as well as the repayment of debt in the current fiscal year period of   $18.8 million  . Offsetting the unfavorable impact of debt-related activities was incremental cash used in the prior fiscal year period for repurchases of common stock of   $470.0 million  . 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Free cash flow 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016  , net cash provided by operating activities was   $130.3 million  , as compared to   $83.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2015  . Net cash flows from operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   include decreases of   $37.5 million   and   $29.2 million  , respectively, in cash held for advertising funds and reserved for gift card/certificate programs, which were primarily driven by the seasonality of our gift card program. Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2015   includes the net funding of restricted cash accounts of   $65.9 million  , which represents cash restricted in accordance with our securitized financing facility and will be used for operating activities such as to pay interest and real estate obligations, while net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016   includes the net release of restricted cash of   $1.1 million  . Excluding cash held for advertising funds and reserved for gift card/certificate programs and excluding the fluctuation in restricted cash, we generated   $170.8 million   and   $153.3 million   of free cash flow during the   nine   months ended   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively.  
  The increase in free cash flow was due primarily to an increase in proceeds from the sale of real estate and company-operated restaurants and a reduction in capital expenditures compared to the prior fiscal year period, as well as an increase in pre-tax income, excluding non-cash items. Offsetting these increases in free cash flow were an increase in cash paid for income taxes, payments made in connection with the settlement of the Bertico litigation, and an increase in incentive compensation payments.  
  Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure reflecting net cash provided by operating and investing activities, excluding the cash flows related to advertising funds, gift card/certificate programs, and restricted cash. We use free cash flow as a key performance measure for the purpose of evaluating performance internally and our ability to generate cash. We also believe free cash flow provides our investors with useful information regarding our historical cash flow results. This non-GAAP measurement is not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Use of the term free cash flow may differ from similar measures reported by other companies.  
  Free cash flow is reconciled from net cash provided by operating activities determined under GAAP as follows (in thousands): 

Borrowing capacity 
  Our securitized financing facility included original aggregate borrowings of approximately   $2.60 billion  , consisting of   $2.50 billion   Class A-2 Notes (as defined below) and   $100.0 million   of Variable Funding Notes (as defined below) which were undrawn at closing. As of   September 24, 2016  , there was approximately   $2.46 billion   of total principal outstanding on the Class A-2 Notes, while there was   $74.1 million   in available commitments under the Variable Funding Notes as   $25.9 million   of letters of credit were outstanding. 
  On January 26, 2015, DB Master Finance LLC (the  Master Issuer ), a limited-purpose, bankruptcy-remote, wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc., entered into a base indenture and a related supplemental indenture (collectively, the  Indenture ) under which the Master Issuer may issue multiple series of notes. On the same date, the Master Issuer issued Series 2015-1 3.262% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I (the  Class A-2-I Notes ) with an initial principal amount of $750.0 million and Series 2015-1 3.980% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II (the  Class A-2-II Notes  and, together with the Class A-2-I Notes, the  Class A-2 Notes ) with an initial principal amount of $1.75 billion. In addition, the Master Issuer also issued Series 2015-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1 (the  Variable Funding Notes  and, together with the Class A-2 Notes, the  Notes ), which allow the Master Issuer to borrow up to $100.0 million on a revolving basis. The Variable Funding Notes may also be used to issue letters of credit. The Notes were issued in a securitization transaction pursuant to which most of the Company s domestic and certain of its foreign revenue-generating assets, consisting principally of franchise-related agreements, real estate assets, and intellectual property and license agreements for the use of intellectual property, are held by the Master Issuer and certain other limited-purpose, bankruptcy-remote, wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries of the Company that act as guarantors of the Notes and that have pledged substantially all of their assets to secure the Notes.  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The legal final maturity date of the Class A-2 Notes is in February 2045, but it is anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the Indenture, the Class A-2-I Notes will be repaid in February 2019 and the Class A-2-II Notes will be repaid in February 2022 (the  Anticipated Repayment Dates ). Principal amortization repayments, payable quarterly, are required on the Class A-2-I Notes and Class A-2-II Notes equal to $7.5 million and $17.5 million, respectively, per calendar year through the respective Anticipated Repayment Dates. No principal payments will be required if a specified leverage ratio, which is a measure of outstanding debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for certain items (as specified in the Indenture), is less than or equal to 5.0 to 1.0, however, the Company may elect to continue to make principal payments. If the Class A-2 Notes have not been repaid in full by their respective Anticipated Repayment Dates, a rapid amortization event will occur in which residual net cash flows of the Master Issuer, after making certain required payments, will be applied to the outstanding principal of the Class A-2 Notes. Various other events, including failure to maintain a minimum ratio of net cash flows to debt service, may also cause a rapid amortization event.  
  It is anticipated that the principal and interest on the Variable Funding Notes will be repaid in full on or prior to February 2020, subject to two additional one-year extensions. 
  In order to assess our current debt levels, including servicing our long-term debt, and our ability to take on additional borrowings, we monitor a leverage ratio of our long-term debt, net of cash ( Net Debt ), to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( Adjusted EBITDA ). This leverage ratio, and the related Net Debt and Adjusted EBITDA measures used to compute it, are non-GAAP measures, and our use of the terms Net Debt and Adjusted EBITDA may vary from other companies, including those in our industry, due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. Net Debt reflects the gross principal amount outstanding under our securitized financing facility and capital lease obligations, less short-term cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, excluding cash reserved for gift card/certificate programs. Adjusted EBITDA is defined in our securitized financing facility as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and impairment charges, as adjusted for certain items that are summarized in the table below. Net Debt should not be considered as an alternative to debt, total liabilities, or any other obligations derived in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, as a measure of operating performance, or as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. Net Debt, Adjusted EBITDA, and the related leverage ratio have important limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. However, we believe that presenting Net Debt, Adjusted EBITDA, and the related leverage ratio are appropriate to provide additional information to investors to demonstrate our current debt levels and ability to take on additional borrowings. 
  As of   September 24, 2016  , we had a Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.8 to 1.0. The following is a reconciliation of our Net Debt and Adjusted EBITDA to the corresponding GAAP measures as of and for the twelve months ended   September 24, 2016  , respectively (in thousands): 

29 

     Table of Contents  

(a) 
    Represents costs and fees associated with various franchisee-related investments, bank fees, legal reserves, the allocation of share-based compensation expense to the advertising funds, and other non-cash gains and losses. 
     Based upon our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that the cash generated from our operations and amounts available under our Variable Funding Notes will be adequate to meet our anticipated debt service requirements, capital expenditures, and working capital needs for at least the next twelve months. We believe that we will be able to meet these obligations even if we experience no growth in sales or profits. There can be no assurance, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our Variable Funding Notes or otherwise to enable us to service our indebtedness, including our securitized financing facility, or to make anticipated capital expenditures. Our future operating performance and our ability to service, extend, or refinance the securitized financing facility will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
   
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued new guidance for employee share-based compensation which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including excess tax benefits, forfeiture estimates, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification in the statements of cash flows. This guidance is effective for us in fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted. We expect to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2017. Upon adoption, any future excess tax benefits or deficiencies will be recorded to the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations, instead of additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. During fiscal year 2015 and the nine months ended September 24, 2016,   $11.5 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively, of excess tax benefits were recorded to additional paid-in capital that would have been recorded as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if this new guidance had been adopted as of the respective dates. We are further evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our accounting policies, consolidated financial statements, and related disclosures, as well as the transition methods. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for lease accounting, which replaces existing lease guidance. The new guidance aims to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requiring disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for us in fiscal year 2019 with early adoption permitted, and modified retrospective application is required. We expect to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2019 and are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We expect that most of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance for revenue recognition related to contracts with customers, except for contracts within the scope of other standards, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. The new guidance provides a single framework in which revenue is required to be recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance is effective for us in fiscal year 2018 with early adoption permitted in fiscal year 2017. We expect  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

to adopt this new guidance in fiscal year 2018, and have not yet selected a transition method. Based on a preliminary assessment, we expect the adoption of the new guidance to change the timing of recognition of initial franchise fees, including master license and territory fees for our international business, and renewal fees. Currently, these fees are generally recognized upfront upon either opening of the respective restaurant or when a renewal agreement becomes effective. The new guidance will generally require these fees to be recognized over the term of the related franchise license for the respective restaurant. We continue to evaluate the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on these and other revenue transactions, as well as the presentation of advertising fund revenues and expenses, in addition to the impact on accounting policies and related disclosures. 
   
  Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  There have been no material changes in the foreign exchange or interest rate risks discussed in Part II, Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 26, 2015  . 
   
  Item 4.       Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 24, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 24, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  During the quarterly period ended   September 24, 2016  , there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

Part II.        Other Information 
   
  Item 1.       Legal Proceedings 
  We are engaged in several matters of litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business as a franchisor. Such matters include disputes related to compliance with the terms of franchise and development agreements, including claims or threats of claims of breach of contract, negligence, and other alleged violations by us. As of   September 24, 2016  ,   $5.7 million   is recorded within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets in connection with all outstanding litigation. 
   
  Item 1A.       Risk Factors. 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 26, 2015  . 
   
  Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  None. 
   
  Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
   
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not Applicable. 
   
  Item 5.       Other Information 
  None. 
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.       Exhibits 
  (a) Exhibits: 

33 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
     DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Nigel Travis 

Nigel Travis, 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

34 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh101offerletter.htm
 OFFER LETTER TO DAVID HOFFMANN

exh101offerletter  

Offer of Employment   September 9, 2016   David Hoffmann   10 Cable Rd.   Singapore 249889   Dear Dave,   On behalf of Dunkin  Brands, Inc. ( Dunkin  Brands  or the  Company ), I am pleased to offer you the   position of President, Dunkin  Donuts US   Canada, reporting to Nigel Travis, Chairman and Chief   Executive Officer, Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. The additional terms of this offer are set forth below.   This offer of employment is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of:     a background screening,     reference checks regarding your past employment,     satisfactory completion of all legal documents, including execution of the attached non-   competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality agreement, and     disclosure and documented release from all existing non-competition agreements (Dunkin    Brands reserves the right to verify the status of any such agreements and releases).   Start Date   Your anticipated start date is Monday, October 3, 2016.   Cash Compensation   Base Salary   You will be paid $26,923.08 on a bi-weekly basis, less applicable payroll deductions and withholdings, in   accordance with Dunkin  Brands  standard payroll practices for salaried employees. This equates to   $700,000 on an annualized basis.   Your base salary will be reviewed annually at the beginning of each calendar year based on market   competitiveness and performance and may be adjusted at that time. You will be eligible to be considered   for a base salary increase in 2018.   Short-Term Incentive   Beginning in 2017, you will be eligible to participate in the FY-2017 Dunkin  Brands Short-Term Incentive   Plan (STI). Your annual incentive is targeted at 100% of your base salary earnings. The actual   percentage of your Award is discretionary and will be based on the terms of the STI Plan as they exist at   any given time, which generally take into account Company performance and your individual job   performance, including your ability to meet established goals and objectives. Payout can range from 0%   to 225% of your annual incentive target. Your participation letter, as well as the Plan Document which   governs the terms of the Plan, will be provided to you under separate cover.     

Your STI payment for 2016, which is payable in March of 2017 and is subject to the terms of the Dunkin    Brands 2016 Short-Term Incentive Plan, and based upon the information provided by you to us, will be   approximately $1,100,000. You may elect to convert some or all of this pre-tax cash value into Restricted   Stock Units (RSUs) at a premium of 25% by notifying us in writing no later than October 3, 2016. For the   sake of clarity, assuming you elect to convert the entire payment to RSUs, you would receive RSUs with a   fair market value on the date of grant of $1,375,000. Any RSUs that you acquire through this conversion   will be awarded upon your start date and will vest in three approximately equal portions over the next   three years. The terms and conditions of an RSU award, if you make such election, will be governed by   the equity award agreement that you will receive subsequent to and contingent upon approval of the   equity award by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Any portion of this payment that   you elect to receive in cash will be payable in March, 2017 and subject to applicable payroll deductions   and withholdings.   Long-Term Incentive   You will be eligible to participate in our Long-Term Incentive Plan. This plan currently provides you with   the opportunity to receive an annual equity award. All annual grants of equity are scheduled to be made   during the first quarter following the applicable calendar year, and actual values will be based on   Company performance, individual performance and management discretion. Your 2017 annual grant will   have a total fair market value of $2,000,000, subject to approval by the Compensation Committee of the   Board of Directors at that time. As the program is currently structured, this total fair market value will be   split between non-qualified stock options (70% of the value) and performance stock units (30% of the   value). All grants are subject to Board Compensation Committee approval, the terms of the Long-Term   Incentive Plan, and Dunkin  Brands Stock Ownership Guidelines where a percentage of ownership will be   required over a period of time. These documents, as well as award agreements describing the specific   terms and conditions associated with the awards, will be provided to you under separate cover at the time   a grant is made.   Other Compensation   One Time Equity Awards Upon Hire   You will receive two separate Dunkin  Brands equity awards upon your start date. These awards, which   are intended to compensate you for the equity award intrinsic value that you will forego upon leaving your   current employer, are separate from our annual long-term incentive award program and are non-   recurring. Each of these awards will have a fair market value of $1,400,000.   One of these awards will come in the form of a Restricted Stock Award. This award, which has a fair   market value of $1,400,000, will be delivered in shares that will vest ratably over three years subject to   your continued employment with Dunkin  Brands. The shares associated with this award will be eligible to   receive dividends and have voting rights from the date of grant. The specific terms and conditions of this   award will be governed by an award agreement which will be provided to you under separate cover.   The other equity award upon hire will come in the form of a Performance Stock Unit (PSU) award. This   award will also have a fair market value of $1,400,000. These PSUs will be eligible to vest in full three   years from date of grant, subject to your continuous employment with Dunkin  Brands and the   achievement of specific performance targets. The targets are derived from Dunkin  Brands  three year   Adjusted Operating Income compounded annual growth rate goal. Payout will be determined in   accordance with the performance schedule which will be detailed in the award agreement, along with all   other specific terms and conditions.   Any and all provisions with respect to accelerated equity vesting in a Change-in-Control will be detailed in   the relevant equity award agreements.     

Relocation   You will be eligible for temporary transition support while your family relocates from Singapore. It is   understood and anticipated that your family will remain in Singapore until June of 2017 when your   dependent child will complete his senior year of high school. In recognition of the high costs associated   with your living arrangements in Singapore, Dunkin  Brands will provide you with a cash payment of   $166,666, grossed-up for income taxes, at the conclusion of each of the three calendar quarters which   remain until June 2017. In addition, Dunkin  Brands will reimburse your travel costs associated with one   visit to Singapore per quarter (three in total) in accordance with our business travel policy. In the event   that your wife and children would like to visit the US as part of the relocation process, that trip would also   be eligible for reimbursement in accordance with our travel policy, but would count as one of the quarterly   trips we have authorized.   You will be eligible for Company-provided income tax return preparation and support until the tax year in   which your income taxes cease to be impacted by your overseas assignment to Singapore, subject to   your continued employment except that if your employment is terminated by Dunkin  Brands without   Cause or Good Reason, as defined herein, the Company-provided tax preparation and support will   continue as stated herein.   In terms of your physical move from Singapore, you will be eligible for relocation benefits pursuant to our   executive relocation policy, which will be provided to you under separate cover. Our expectation is that   you will complete your relocation from Singapore to the Boston area by August 1, 2017.   Should you voluntarily terminate your employment for other than Good Reason or if your employment is   terminated for Cause, as defined below, within 24 months of your start date, you will be required to repay   to Dunkin  Brands any costs or relocation benefits paid to you or on your behalf. During your first year of   employment, all costs must be repaid in full; during your second year repayment will be made on a   prorated basis. Prior to receiving relocation benefits, you must sign and return the Relocation Repayment   Agreement. Please see the attached summary of relocation benefits and policy details.   Benefits   Dunkin  Brands offers a competitive employee benefits program. As an employee of the Company, you   are eligible for the benefits provided to our employees consistent with the terms of each particular benefit   plan. All employee contributions for benefits are paid through biweekly payroll deductions. The Dunkin    Brands Benefits Guide, which provides details on our current benefits programs, is included in this   package. The Company reserves the right to modify these benefits at any time, as it deems necessary.   Insurance   Upon election, medical, dental and/or vision coverage will be effective on the first of the month following   your start date. You will be also be offered disability coverage and various life insurance programs in   accordance with their terms. In addition to the standard US benefits package, Dunkin  Brands will also   provide suitable medical and dental insurance coverage for your family who will remain in Singapore until   their relocation to the US on or before August 2017.   Retirement   Dunkin  Brands offers the opportunity to participate in a retirement savings plan on the first of the month   following three months of service. An overview of the 401(k) plan is included in the enclosed Benefits   Guide.     

Employee Stock Purchase Plan   The Dunkin  Brands Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is a voluntary benefit program that allows   eligible employees to buy Dunkin  Brands stock at a discounted price through payroll deductions subject   to the terms and conditions of the ESPP.   Deferred Compensation   You will be eligible to participate in the Dunkin  Brands, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan   in accordance with its terms. The plan provides an opportunity for pre-tax savings to assist you in   accumulating assets for planned events during your working life and retirement.   Paid Time Off   Beginning on your start date, you will start accruing four weeks of vacation per year. Dunkin  Brands also   offers paid time off for holidays, personal, sick and volunteer time, according to the applicable Company   policy.   Executive Benefits   In addition to our standard benefits offering, as an Executive with Dunkin  Brands, you are eligible to   receive a company-paid executive physical examination once per calendar year through Massachusetts   General Hospital s Executive Health Services facility.   You are also eligible to receive company-paid supplemental Long-Term Disability coverage up to a   maximum total benefit (including your Basic disability benefit, which is capped at $15,000 per month) of   $22,500 per month.   You have access to the Company s executive limousine services for relevant business travel. Any   personal trips are subject to reimbursement according to our standard reimbursement formula and   Company policies.   Severance   In the event that Dunkin  Brands terminates your employment other than for  Cause , or your terminate   your employment for  Good Reason  as defined herein, you will be eligible for severance up to 12 months   of your then-current base salary, subject to cessation on the date you obtain re-employment which, in the   sole opinion of the Company, is a reasonably comparable position. Severance payments shall be   expressly conditioned upon your execution, delivery and non-revocation of a full general release of claims   in a form acceptable to the Company and compliance with the Non-Compete/Non-   Solicitation/Confidentiality Agreement. Severance is payable at the same time and in the same manner   as Dunkin  Brands  regular payroll, commencing upon the first scheduled payroll date following the date   such release is executed and no longer subject to revocation.  Cause  is defined as fraud; nonfeasance   or misfeasance (other than as a result of illness or disability) in your duties to Dunkin  Brands; conduct   that is not in the best interest of, or is injurious to, Dunkin  Brands; acts of dishonesty in connection with   the performance of your duties; or conviction of a felony or crime involving falsehood or moral turpitude.   Good Reason is defined as: (1) a material diminution in the nature or scope of your responsibilities,   duties, authority, or status; provided that, except as provided for in (2) and (3) below, each of (a) a   change in reporting relationships resulting from the direct or indirect control of the Company (or a   successor corporation) by another corporation, (b) any diminution of the business of the Company or any   of its Affiliates and (c) any sale or transfer of equity, property or other assets of the Company or any of its   Affiliates (including any such sale or transfer or any other transaction or series of such transactions that   results in a Change in Control) will be deemed not to constitute  Good Reason  or (2) Dunkin  Brands   failure to notify you or your promotion to the position of Chief Executive Officers (CEO) on or before     

October 15, 2018; or (3) a Change in control as defined by the Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. 2015 Omnibus   Long-Term Incentive Plan occurs whereby you are not named the CEO of the successor or surviving   company or entity, or a business unit comparable in scope to the Company with similar responsibilities,   duties, authority and status, within nine months of the effective date of the Change in Control or by   October 15, 2018, whichever is sooner; or (4) relocation of your place of employment without your   consent, to a location more than fifty miles from Canton, Massachusetts; or (5) the Company s failure to   perform substantially any material term of any employment or offer letter agreement with the Company or   any of its Affiliates to which you are subject.   Without our receipt and your non-revocation of a full release of claims, you will not be entitled to the   aforementioned severance. You shall not be entitled to severance in the event that you voluntarily resign   or retire or in connection with any other termination of employment other than for Good Reason.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this offer letter, if at the time your employment terminates, you   are a  specified employee,  as defined below, any and all amounts payable under this offer letter on   account of such separation from service that would (but for this provision) be payable within six (6)   months following the date of termination, shall instead be paid on the next business day following the   expiration of such six (6)-month period or, if earlier, upon your death; except (1) to the extent of amounts   that do not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section   1.409A-1(b) (including without limitation by reason of the safe harbor set forth in Section 1.409A-   1(b)(9)(iii), as determined by the Company in its reasonable good faith discretion) or (2) for such other   amounts or benefits that are not subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue   Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ). For purposes of this Agreement, to the extent required by   Section 409A of the Code, all references to  termination of employment  and correlative phrases shall be   construed to require a  separation from service  (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury   regulations after giving effect to the presumptions contained therein), and the term  specified employee    means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified employee under Treasury Regulation   Section 1.409A-1(i). Each payment made under this offer letter shall be treated as a separate payment   and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a   series of separate payments.   Code of Conduct   Before you make your decision regarding this employment opportunity, you should carefully review the   enclosed Code of Conduct that you will be required to adhere to once employed by Dunkin  Brands. As   set forth in the Conflict of Interest section, you will be expected to devote your reasonable full-time and   attention to Dunkin  Brands and not be actively involved in any other business except for reasonable   participation of membership in outside boards of directors subject to approval by the Board of Directors   and the Company, in accordance with the Code of Conduct.   While you are employed by Dunkin  Brands, the Company will not utilize the services of any business in   which you have held an ownership interest. Further, you will have to recuse yourself from any hiring   decision involving an employee or former employee of a business in which you have held an ownership   interest.   Proof of Right to Work   This offer is subject to your provision of appropriate documentation to confirm your identity and eligibility   to work in the United States, as required by federal immigration law. You will be required to provide to   Dunkin  Brands such documentary evidence within (3) business days of your date of hire.   Period of Employment   Your employment with Dunkin  Brands will be at will, meaning that this offer of employment does not   constitute a contract of employment. If employed, you may elect to resign at any time and Dunkin  Brands     

may elect to terminate your employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause or advance   notice. This at will employment relationship cannot be changed by any statement, promise, policy or   course of conduct, except by a writing signed by you and an appropriate Company officer.   Data Transfer   By signing this offer letter and accepting employment at Dunkin  Brands, Inc. you hereby give your   consent to Dunkin  Brands, Inc. and/or its parent or any affiliate to collect, transmit, store and process   certain information, including information that is personally identifying or sensitive to you or about you   ( Personal Data ) as set forth herein and for all purposes relating to your employment, including without   limitation: administering and maintaining personnel records; employment-related communication; paying   and reviewing salary and other remuneration and benefits; providing and administering benefits (including   if relevant, pension and medical insurance); undertaking training, performance appraisals and   evaluations; maintaining sickness and other absence records; making decisions as to your fitness for   work; fraud prevention; providing references and information to future employers, if applicable, and if   necessary, governmental and quasi-governmental bodies, taxing authorities; providing information to   future purchasers of the Company or of the business in which you work, or making disclosures to a third   party on or in connection with the outsourcing or sale of some or all of the Company s business;   transferring information concerning you to a country or territory outside the US; administering the   Company s business; and/or the Company s operational or HR planning purposes. Personal Data shall   include information submitted during your application, related to your employment, or collected or updated   during your employment relationship (e.g. name, address, bank account data, telephone number, private   email address, age, sex, marriage status, place of birth, degrees, certificates, education, past   engagements, application picture, employee ID, worked hours, sick reports, wage, bonus payments,   financial information, employment picture, performance criteria, and/or performance evaluations); and/or   personally identifying or sensitive information about you.   The persons who may have access to Personal Data may include: employees of the Dunkin  Brands, Inc.,   its parent or any affiliate as appropriate and necessary for the proper performance of their duties of   employment; Dunkin  Brands, Inc. s outsourcers and contractors, existing or prospective customers, third   party suppliers, and prospective purchasers as necessary and related to the business of the Dunkin    Brands, Inc., its parent and any affiliates.   Entire Agreement   This offer of employment and the agreements referenced and incorporated herein, including the Non-   Compete/Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement, repayment agreement and equity award   agreements, contain all of the terms of your employment with Dunkin  Brands and supersede any prior   understandings, promises or agreements, whether oral or written, between you and Dunkin  Brands or   anyone acting on its behalf. By signing this offer, you represent and warrant that your employment with   Dunkin  Brands will not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that you may have with any   third party or prior employer.     

We are pleased to offer you this position with Dunkin  Brands. To accept the terms above, please sign   and date this letter and return it to me no later than September 19, 2016, otherwise this offer shall be   considered null and void.   We look forward to your favorable reply.   Sincerely,   /s/ Richard Emmett   Richard Emmett   Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer   I ACCEPT THE ABOVE OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT   /s/ David Hoffmann 9/19/2016   David Hoffmann Date   cc: Nigel Travis   Personnel File     

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exh102formofrsu.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT OF DAVID HOFFMANN

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

Name: 
    David Hoffmann 
      Number of Restricted Stock Units: 
    [ ] 
      Grant Date: 
    [ ] 

DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC.  2015 OMNIBUS LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the    Agreement   ) is made, effective as of the [ ]th day of [ ], [ ] (the    Grant Date   ), between Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and David Hoffmann (the    Participant   ).    
  1.      Restricted Stock Unit Award  .  The Participant is hereby awarded, pursuant to the Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ), and subject to its terms, a Restricted Stock Unit award (the    Award   ) giving the Participant the conditional right to receive, without payment but subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, [ ] shares of Stock, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan in respect of transactions occurring after the date hereof.   
  2.      Vesting  .  Subject to Sections 3 and 4 below, during the Participant s Employment, the Award, unless earlier terminated, shall become vested as to one-third (1/3rd) of the total number of shares of Stock subject to the Award on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date, with the number of shares of Stock that vest on any such date being rounded down to the nearest whole share and the Award becoming fully vested on the third anniversary of the Grant Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Sections 3 and 4 below, shares of Stock subject to the Award shall not vest on any vesting date unless the Participant has remained in continuous Employment through the applicable vesting date.  
  3.      Termination of Employment  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3 or as provided in the first paragraph of Section 4 below, if the Participant s Employment ceases for any reason, the Award, to the extent not already vested, will be automatically and immediately forfeited.  If the Participant s Employment is terminated due to his death, or by the Company without Cause or due to his Disability, or if the Participant terminates his Employment for Good Reason, the Award, to the extent then outstanding but not then vested, will automatically vest in full at the time of such termination.  
  4.      Change in Control  .  If (a) in connection with a Change in Control the Award, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such Change in Control, is assumed or continued, or a new award is substituted for the Award by the acquiror or survivor (or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor) in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Plan, and (b) thereafter, the Participant s Employment is terminated due to his death, or by the Company (or its successor) without Cause or due to his Disability, or if the Participant terminates his Employment for Good Reason, the Award (or the award substituted for the Award), to the extent  
  
   - 1 - 

then outstanding but not then vested, will automatically vest in full at the time of such termination. 
  If in connection with a Change in Control the Award is not assumed or continued, or a new award is not substituted for the Award by the acquiror or survivor (or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor) in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Plan, the Award, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such Change in Control but not then vested, will automatically vest in full upon the occurrence of such Change in Control. 
  5.      Delivery of Shares  .  The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of any portion of the Award (but in no event later than March 15 of the year following such vesting) effect delivery of the shares of Stock with respect such vested portion to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, to the Beneficiary).  No shares of Stock will be issued pursuant to the Award unless and until all legal requirements applicable to the issuance or transfer of such shares of Stock have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Administrator.   
  6.      Dividends; Other Rights  .      The Award shall not be interpreted to bestow upon the Participant any equity interest or ownership in the Company or any Affiliate prior to the date on which the Company delivers shares of Stock, if any, to the Participant hereunder.  The Participant is not entitled to vote any shares of Stock by reason of the granting of the Award or to receive or be credited with any dividends declared and payable on any share of Stock prior to the date on which such shares of Stock are delivered to the Participant hereunder.  The Participant shall have the rights of a shareholder only as to those shares of Stock, if any, that are actually delivered under the Award. 
  7.      Recovery of Compensation  .  
  (a)    The Administrator may cancel, rescind, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict the Award at any time if the Participant is not in compliance with all applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
  (b)    The Award is subject to Section 6(a)(5) of the Plan.  The shares of Stock acquired hereunder are subject to forfeiture, termination and rescission, and the Participant will be obligated to return to the Company the value received with respect to the shares of Stock (including any gain realized on any subsequent sale or disposition of shares) (i) in accordance with any Company clawback or other policy relating to the recovery of incentive compensation, as such policy may be amended and in effect from time to time, or (ii) as otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange listing standards, including, without limitation, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed as limiting the general application of Section 11 of this Agreement.          
  8.      Certain Tax Matters  .       
  (a)    The Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s rights hereunder, including the right to be issued shares of Stock upon the vesting or settlement of the Award (or any portion thereof), are subject to the Participant s promptly paying, or in respect of  
  
   - 2 - 

any later requirement of withholding being liable promptly to pay at such time as such withholding is due, to the Company in cash (or by such other means as may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion) all taxes required to be withheld, if any (the    Withholding Obligation   ).     
  (b)    By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that, unless the Administrator provides otherwise prior to a date on which a Withholding Obligation occurs, the Company will hold back whole shares of Stock otherwise deliverable under the Award having a Fair Market Value sufficient to satisfy the Withholding Obligation (but not in excess of the applicable minimum statutory withholding obligations or such greater amount that would not result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company, in the determination of the Administrator), with the Company accepting a payment in cash or by check from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the Withholding Obligation not satisfied by such withholding of shares  . 
  (c)    Notwithstanding subsection (b) above, nothing in this Section 8 shall be construed as relieving the Participant of any liability for satisfying his obligations under the preceding provisions of this Section and the Participant also authorizes the Company and its subsidiaries to withhold any amounts in respect of the Withholding Obligation from any amounts otherwise owed to the Participant. 
  9.      Nontransferability  .  The Award may not be transferred except as expressly permitted under Section 6(a)(3) of the Plan.  
  10.      Effect on Employment or Service Rights  .  Neither the grant of the Award, nor the delivery of shares of Stock under the Award in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall give the Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or its Affiliates, affect the right of the Company or its Affiliates to discharge or discipline the Participant at any time, or affect any right of the Participant to terminate his or her Employment at any time. 
  11.      Provisions of the Plan  .    T  his Agreement is subject in its entirety to the provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference.  A copy of the Plan as in effect on the Grant Date has been furnished to the Participant.  By accepting the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.  Except as provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.     
    
  12.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement and all claims or disputes arising out of or based upon this Agreement or relating to the subject matter hereof will be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic substantive laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule that would cause the application of the domestic substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. 
  
   - 3 - 

13.      Definitions  .  Initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Plan, and, as used herein, the following term shall have the meaning set forth below:     
    
  (a)     Beneficiary    means, in the event of the Participant s death, the beneficiary named in the written designation (in form acceptable to the Administrator) most recently filed with the Administrator by the Participant prior to the Participant s death and not subsequently revoked, or, if there is no such designated beneficiary, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate.  An effective beneficiary designation will be treated as having been revoked only upon receipt by the Administrator, prior to the Participant s death, of an instrument of revocation in form acceptable to the Administrator. 
  (b)           Disability    means any illness, injury, accident or condition of either a physical or psychological nature which results in the Participant s inability to perform substantially all of the Participant s duties and responsibilities to the Company, notwithstanding the provision of any reasonable accommodation, for more than ninety (90) consecutive days during any period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days. 
  (c)           Good Reason    means the occurrence of any of the circumstances as defined in the Offer of Employment dated September 19, 2016. 
  A termination will qualify as a termination for Good Reason only if (1) the Participant gives the Company notice, within ninety days of its first existence or occurrence (without the Participant s consent), of any or any combination of the eligibility conditions specified above; (2) the Company fails to cure the eligibility condition(s) within thirty days of receiving such notice; and (3) the Participant terminates his Employment not later than ninety days following the end of such thirty-day period. 
       
  14.      General  .  For purposes of the Award and any determinations to be made by the Administrator hereunder, the determinations by the Administrator shall be binding upon the Participant and any other person claiming rights to the Award.  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

- 4 - 

The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) the signature to this Agreement on behalf of the Company is an electronic signature that will be treated as an original signature for all purposes hereunder and (ii) such electronic signature will be binding against the Company and will create a legally binding agreement when this Agreement is countersigned by the Participant. 
                               
  Executed as of the ___ day of [ ], [ ]. 

Company: 
    DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 

By: ______________________________ 
    Name:  
  Title:  

Participant: 
    __________________________________ 
     Name:  David Hoffmann 
                       
  Address: 

[Signature Page to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exh103formofpsu.htm
 FORM OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR DAVID HOFFMANN

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 

Name: 
    David Hoffmann 
      Number of Performance Stock Units: 
    [ ] 
      Grant Date: 
    [ ] 
      Designated Date: 
    [3 years from Grant Date] 

DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC.   2015 OMNIBUS LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
  PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Performance Stock Unit Agreement (the    Agreement   ), is made, effective as of [ ] (the    Grant Date   ), between Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and David Hoffmann (the    Participant   ).    
  1.      Performance Stock Unit Award  .  The Participant is hereby awarded, pursuant to the Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ), and subject to its terms, a Performance Award (the    Award   ) consisting of a target number of [ ] performance stock units (the    Target Award    and such performance stock units, the    PSUs   ).  Each PSU represents the conditional right to receive, without payment but subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, one share of Stock, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan in respect of transactions occurring after the date hereof.  The percentage of the Target Award that may be earned by the Participant will be determined in accordance with   Exhibit A   hereto.   
  2.      Earned PSUs  .  Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4(a) and 4(b)(ii), below, the PSUs shall become    Earned PSUs    following the end of the Performance Period to the extent earned in accordance with the performance objective set forth on   Exhibit A   (the    Performance Objective   ), subject to the Compensation Committee certifying, in its sole discretion, the achievement of the Performance Objective.  
  3.      Vesting of Earned PSUs; Termination of Employment  .   
  (a)    The Earned PSUs shall vest in full on the Determination Date (as defined in   Exhibit A   hereto), subject to the Participant remaining in continuous Employment through the Designated Date.  Except as otherwise provided in subsection (b) below or in Section 4(b), if the Participant s Employment terminates for any reason prior to the Designated Date, the Award, the PSUs and any Earned PSUs will immediately and automatically terminate and be forfeited upon such termination of Employment with no consideration due to the Participant.     
  (b)    If, prior to the Designated Date, the Participant s Employment is terminated by reason of the Participant s death or by the Company without Cause or due to his Disability, or if the Participant terminates his Employment for Good Reason, the PSUs shall not terminate upon such termination and instead shall remain outstanding and eligible to become Earned PSUs in accordance with the terms of   Exhibit A   and to vest, to the extent so earned, on the Determination Date.  In the event that the Participant s Employment terminates following the Designated Date  
  
   - 1 - 

but before the Determination Date, the PSUs shall not terminate upon such termination and instead shall remain outstanding and eligible to become Earned PSUs in accordance with the terms of   Exhibit A   and to vest, to the extent so earned, on the Determination Date. 
  4.      Change in Control  .   
  (a)    If, prior to the Performance Period End Date (as defined in   Exhibit A  ), a Change in Control occurs, to the extent the PSUs are outstanding immediately prior to such Change in Control, the Compensation Committee shall determine the extent to which the Performance Objective has been met as of the date of such Change in Control as if the Performance Period End Date were the date of such Change in Control and shall determine the number of Earned PSUs, if any.  The number of Earned PSUs, if any, shall continue to vest based solely on time and shall vest on the Designated Date (or if the Change in Control occurs after the Designated Date but before the Performance Period End Date, upon the occurrence of the Change in Control), subject to the Participant remaining in continuous Employment through such date, except as otherwise provided in Section 4(b) below. 
  (b)    (i)    If (A) in connection with a Change in Control described in subsection (a) above the Earned PSUs are assumed or continued, or a new award is substituted for the Earned PSUs by the acquiror or survivor (or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor) in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Plan, (B) the Participant remains continuously Employed through the date of a Change in Control and, (C) the Participant s Employment is terminated due to his death, by the Company (or its successor) without Cause or due to his Disability or the Participant terminates his Employment for Good Reason, the Earned PSUs will automatically vest in full upon such termination of Employment.  
  (ii)    If, in connection with a Change in Control described in subsection (a) above, the Earned PSUs are not assumed or continued, or a new award is not substituted for the Earned PSUs by the acquiror or survivor (or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor) in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Plan, the Earned PSUs will automatically vest in full upon the occurrence of such Change in Control. 
  (c)    In the event a Change in Control occurs following a termination of Employment described in Section 3(b) above and prior to the Performance Period End Date, the PSUs shall become Earned PSUs as provided for in Section 4(a) above and, to the extent so earned, will automatically vest in full upon the occurrence of such Change in Control. 
  (d)    In the event a Change in Control occurs following the Performance Period End Date, the Earned PSUs, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such Change in Control, will automatically vest in full upon the occurrence of such Change in Control. 
  5.      Delivery of Shares  .  The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of the Earned PSUs (but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the vesting event occurs) effect delivery of the shares of Stock with respect to such Earned PSUs to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, to the Beneficiary).  No shares of Stock will be issued pursuant to this Agreement unless and until all legal requirements applicable to the  
  
   - 2 - 

issuance or transfer of such shares have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Administrator.   
  6.      Dividends; Other Rights  .   
  (a)  In the event that a cash dividend is paid with respect to shares of Stock prior to the Determination Date (or such earlier date that the PSUs or Earned PSUs, as applicable, vest hereunder), on the payment date of any such cash dividend, the number of PSUs held by the Participant shall be increased by that number of PSUs which is equal to (i) the number of PSUs held by the Participant on the record date of the cash dividend multiplied by (ii) the amount of the cash dividend divided by (iii) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date the dividend is paid.  In the event that a stock dividend is paid with respect to shares of Stock prior to the Determination Date (or such earlier date that the PSUs or Earned PSUs, as applicable, vest hereunder), on the payment date of such stock dividend, the number of PSUs held by the Participant shall be increased by that number of PSUs which is equal to the product of (x) the number of PSUs held by the Participant on the record date of the stock dividend and (y) the per share Stock dividend.  Any PSUs that are credited to the Participant under this Section 6(a) shall be treated in the same manner as the PSUs granted under Section 1 of this Agreement and shall only vest and be settled to the extent they become Earned PSUs in accordance with this Agreement and   Exhibit A   hereto and otherwise satisfy the vesting requirements under this Agreement. To the extent that the PSUs become Earned PSUs in connection with a Change in Control and remain outstanding following such Change in Control, they shall be eligible to receive dividend equivalents consistent with the terms of this Section 6(a). 
  (b)     The Award shall not be interpreted to bestow upon the Participant any equity interest or ownership in the Company or any Affiliate prior to the date on which the Company delivers shares of Stock, if any, to the Participant hereunder.  The Participant is not entitled to vote any shares of Stock by reason of the granting of the Award.  The Participant shall have the rights of a shareholder only as to those shares of Stock, if any, that are actually delivered under the Award.  Except as expressly provided in subsection (a) above, the Participant is not entitled to receive or be credited with any dividends declared and payable on any share of Stock prior to the date on which such shares are delivered to the Participant hereunder. 
  7.      Recovery of Compensation  .   
  (a)    The Administrator may cancel, rescind, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict the Award at any time if the Participant is not in compliance with all applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
  (b)    The Award is subject to Section 6(a)(5) of the Plan.  The shares of Stock acquired hereunder are subject to forfeiture, termination and rescission, and the Participant will be obligated to return to the Company the value received with respect to the shares of Stock (including any gain realized on any subsequent sale or disposition of shares) (i) in accordance with any Company clawback or other policy relating to the recovery of incentive compensation, as such policy may be amended and in effect from time to time, or (ii) as otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange listing standards, including, without limitation, Section 10D of  
  
   - 3 - 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.      Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed as limiting the general application of Section 11 of this Agreement.        
  8.      Certain Tax Matters  .       
  (a)    The Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s rights hereunder, including the right to be issued shares of Stock upon the vesting or settlement of the Award (or any portion thereof), are subject to the Participant s promptly paying, or in respect of any later requirement of withholding being liable promptly to pay at such time as such withholding is due, to the Company in cash (or by such other means as may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion) all taxes required to be withheld, if any (the    Withholding Obligation   ).     
  (b)    By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that, unless the Administrator provides otherwise prior to a date on which a Withholding Obligation occurs, the Company will hold back whole shares of Stock otherwise deliverable under the Award having a Fair Market Value sufficient to satisfy the Withholding Obligation (but not in excess of the applicable minimum statutory withholding obligations or such greater amount that would not result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company, in the determination of the Administrator), with the Company accepting a payment in cash or by check from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the Withholding Obligation not satisfied by such withholding of shares. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding subsection (b) above, nothing in this Section 8 shall be construed as relieving the Participant of any liability for satisfying his or her obligations under the preceding provisions of this Section and the Participant also authorizes the Company and its subsidiaries to withhold any amounts in respect of the Withholding Obligation from any amounts otherwise owed to the Participant. 
  9.      Nontransferability  .  The Award may not be transferred except as expressly permitted under Section 6(a)(3) of the Plan.  
  10.      Effect on Employment or Service Rights  .  Neither the grant of the Award, nor the delivery of shares of Stock under the Award in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall give the Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or its Affiliates, affect the right of the Company or its Affiliates to discharge or discipline the Participant at any time, or affect any right of the Participant to terminate his Employment at any time. 
  11.      Provisions of the Plan  .    T  his Agreement is subject in its entirety to the provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference.  A copy of the Plan as in effect on the Grant Date has been furnished to the Participant.  By accepting the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.  Except as provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.     
  
   - 4 - 

12.      Stock Ownership Guidelines  .  The Award and any shares of Stock delivered under the Award are subject to the Company s Stock Ownership Guidelines, as adopted on May 15, 2012, as such guidelines may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time (the    Guidelines   ).  The Participant acknowledges and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of the Guidelines, including the retention ratios set forth therein. 
  13.      Required Holding Period  .  Any shares of Stock delivered under the Award to the Participant (after giving effect to any withholding of shares as contemplated by Section 8(b) above) are subject to a further restriction that the Participant may not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of such shares of Stock for a period of one year following the Determination Date;   provided  ,   however  , that this restriction shall not apply following a Change in Control or in the event that a Beneficiary holds the shares. 
  14.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement and all claims or disputes arising out of or based upon this Agreement or relating to the subject matter hereof will be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic substantive laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule that would cause the application of the domestic substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. 
  15.      Definitions  .  Initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Plan, and, as used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:     
    
  (a)       Beneficiary    means, in the event of the Participant s death, the beneficiary named in the written designation (in form acceptable to the Administrator) most recently filed with the Administrator by the Participant prior to the Participant s death and not subsequently revoked, or, if there is no such designated beneficiary, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate.  An effective beneficiary designation will be treated as having been revoked only upon receipt by the Administrator, prior to the Participant s death, of an instrument of revocation in form acceptable to the Administrator. 
    
  (b)       Disability    means any illness, injury, accident or condition of either a physical or psychological nature which results in the Participant s inability to perform substantially all of the Participant s duties and responsibilities to the Company, notwithstanding the provision of any reasonable accommodation, for more than ninety (90) consecutive days during any period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days. 
    
  (c)       Good Reason        means the occurrence of any of the circumstances as defined in the Offer of Employment dated September 19, 2016.       
  A termination will qualify as a termination for Good Reason only if (1) the Participant gives the Company notice, within ninety days of its first existence or occurrence (without the Participant s consent), of any or any combination of the eligibility conditions specified above; (2) the Company fails to cure the eligibility condition(s) within thirty days of receiving such notice; and  
  
   - 5 - 

(3) the Participant terminates his Employment not later than ninety days following the end of such thirty-day period. 
  16.      General  .  For purposes of the Award and any determinations to be made by the Administrator hereunder, the determinations by the Administrator shall be binding upon the Participant and any other person claiming rights to the Award.  

- 6 - 

The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) the signature to this Agreement on behalf of the Company is an electronic signature that will be treated as an original signature for all purposes hereunder and (ii) such electronic signature will be binding against the Company and will create a legally binding agreement when this Agreement is countersigned by the Participant. 
                               
  Executed as of the ___ day of [ ], [ ]. 

Company: 
    DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 

By: ______________________________ 
    Name:  
  Title:  

Participant: 
    __________________________________ 
     Name:  David Hoffmann 
                       
  Address: 

[Signature Page to PSU Award Agreement] 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 dnkn-ex311_20160924x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
  I, Nigel Travis, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 2, 2016 

/s/ Nigel Travis 
      Date 

Nigel Travis 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 dnkn-ex312_20160924x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DUNKIN  BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
  I, Paul Carbone, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 2, 2016 

/s/ Paul Carbone 
      Date 

Paul Carbone 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 dnkn-ex321_20160924x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 24, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Nigel Travis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 
           1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Nigel Travis 
        
    Nigel Travis 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:   November 2, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. and will be retained by Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 dnkn-ex322_20160924x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 24, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Paul Carbone, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 
           1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Paul Carbone 
        
    Paul Carbone 
  Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:   November 2, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. and will be retained by Dunkin  Brands Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 dnkn-20160924.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 dnkn-20160924.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 dnkn-20160924_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 dnkn-20160924_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 dnkn-20160924_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 dnkn-20160924_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

