<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-Q_edgar_data_900349_0001193125-16-785896_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7045839</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105844</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>367765</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1253443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3328998</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1662217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-785896.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161206111615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-785896
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000900349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				591162998
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21764
		FILM NUMBER:		162035585

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 NW 107TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33172
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055922830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 NW 107TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33172

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPREME INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940531

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-785896.txt : 20161206

10-Q
 1
 d261073d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the Quarterly Period Ended October 29, 2016   
  OR       
 
  Commission File Number: 0-21764        
       PERRY ELLIS
INTERNATIONAL, INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (305) 592-2830   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares outstanding of the
registrant s common stock is 15,498,000 (as of November 30, 2016).      

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS I  NTERNATIONAL, INC.   
  INDEX       

PAGE  

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1:   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of October 29, 2016 and January
 30, 2016   

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three and
 nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the
 three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months
 ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015   

4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2:   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations    

28 

Item 3:   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

37 

Item 4:   

Controls and Procedures    

38 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION     

39 

Item 2:   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

39 

Item 6:   

Exhibits    

40 

Table of Contents  

     PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)   
  (amounts in thousands, except share data)       
   See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      1  

Table of Contents  

     PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
  (amounts in thousands, except per share data)       
   See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (UNAUDITED)      (amounts in
thousands)       
   See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
       Continued   
     4  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
  (amounts in thousands)       
   See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  1. GENERAL    The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements of Perry Ellis International, Inc. and subsidiaries ( Perry Ellis  or the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q and therefore do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a fair
presentation of financial position, results of operations and changes in cash flows required by GAAP for annual financial statements. The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2016.  
 The information presented reflects all adjustments, which are in the opinion of management of a normal and recurring nature, necessary for a
fair presentation of the interim periods. Results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year.      
  2. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS     In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.   ASU No. 2014-09 clarifies the principles for
recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) that removes inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements, provides a more robust framework for
addressing revenue issues, improves comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets, provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure
requirements and simplifies the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December
15, 2017. Companies can choose to apply the ASU using either the full retrospective approach or a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating both methods of adoption and the impact, if any, that the adoption of this ASU
will have on the Company s results of operations or the Company s financial position.    In March 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)  , which is simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted the accounting standard in the
first quarter of fiscal 2017. Prior to the adoption, debt issuance costs were classified as other assets. This presentation change was applied retrospectively to the condensed consolidated balance sheet and consequently, amounts related to debt
issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction of the corresponding debt liability for all periods presented.    The effect on the
condensed consolidating balance sheet as of January 30, 2016, as a result of this change in presentation, is a decrease of ($0.5) million in other assets, and a decrease of ($0.5) million in senior subordinated notes payable.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ,  which
requires inventory measured using any method other than last-in, first out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method to be subsequently measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value, rather than at the lower of cost or market. Under
this ASU, subsequent measurement of inventory using the LIFO and retail inventory method is unchanged. ASU 2015-11 is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
application is permitted. The adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or the Company s financial position.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) 
 which requires an entity that is a lessee to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. This guidance also requires disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. This
guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods, using a modified retrospective approach, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect
that the adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-07,   Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting,   which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adjust an investment that subsequently
qualifies for equity method accounting (as a result of an increase in level of ownership interest or degree of influence) as if the equity method of accounting had been applied during all prior periods that the investment was held. The new standard
requires that the investor add the cost of acquiring additional ownership interest in the investee to its current basis and prospectively adopt the equity method of accounting. Any unrealized gains or losses in an available-for-sale investment that
subsequently qualifies as an equity method investment should be recognized in earnings at the date the investment qualifies as an equity method investment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. This new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting ,  which is part of the FASB s Simplification Initiative. The updated guidance simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing  , which amends certain aspects of the FASB s new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers ,  specifically the standard s guidance on identifying performance
obligations and the implementation guidance on licensing. The amendments clarify when promised goods or services are separately identifiable (i.e., distinct within the context of a contract), an important step in determining whether goods and
services should be accounted for as separate performance obligations. In addition, the amendments allow entities to disregard goods or services that are immaterial in the context of a contract and provide an accounting policy election for accounting
for certain shipping and handling activities. The amendments also clarify how an entity should evaluate the nature of its promise in granting a license of intellectual property (IP), which will determine whether the entity recognizes revenue over
time or at a point in time. The amendments revise the guidance to address how entities should apply the exception for sales- and usage-based royalties to licenses of IP, recognize revenue for licenses that are not separate performance obligations
and evaluate different types of license restrictions (e.g., time-based, geography-based). The new guidance s effective date and transition provisions are aligned with the requirements in the new revenue standard, which is not yet effective. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this ASU will have on the Company s results of operations or the Company s financial position.  
 In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
Practical Expedients ,  which amends certain aspects of the new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers .  The amendments are intended to provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas such as
collectability, contract modifications, completed contracts at transition, and non-cash considerations. The new guidance s effective date and transition provisions are aligned with the requirements in the new revenue standard, which is not yet
effective. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.    In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ,  which provides guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments
within its scope. The amendments guide on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities. The amendments require a financial asset measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net
amount expected to be collected. The amendments also require that credit losses  
      7  

Table of Contents  

on available-for-sale debt securities be presented as an allowance. The amendments should be applied on either a prospective transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the
subtopic. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its
consolidated financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force),   which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The
amendments in this update are effective for public entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is
currently assessing the impact of the future adoption of this standard on its consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    In October 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory,   which is intended to improve the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other
than inventory. This update removes the current exception in GAAP prohibiting entities from recognizing current and deferred income tax expenses or benefits related to transfer of assets, other than inventory, within the consolidated entity. The
current exception to defer the recognition of any tax impact on the transfer of inventory within the consolidated entity until it is sold to a third party remains unaffected. The amendments in this update are effective for public entities for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted and should be in the first interim period if an entity issues interim financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the future adoption of this
standard on its consolidated financial statements.     3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   
 Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of:      
    4. INVENTORIES   
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (weighted moving average cost) or market. Cost principally consists of the purchase price, customs,
duties, freight, and commissions to buying agents.   Inventories consisted of the following as of:  

8  

Table of Contents  

   5. INVESTMENTS   
 The Company s investments include marketable securities and certificates of deposit at October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016. Marketable
securities are classified as available-for-sale and consist of corporate bonds with maturity dates less than two years. Certificates of deposit are classified as available-for-sale with $9.7 million with maturity dates within one year. Investments
are stated at fair value. The estimated fair value of the marketable securities is based on quoted prices in an active market (Level 1 fair value measures). 
 Investments consisted of the following as of October 29, 2016:      
   Investments consisted of the following as of January 30, 2016:  
   
    6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property and equipment consisted of the following as of:      
   The above table of property and equipment includes assets held under capital leases as of:  

9  

Table of Contents  

  For the three months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, depreciation and amortization
expense relating to property and equipment amounted to $3.5 million and $3.4 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, depreciation and amortization expense relating to property and equipment amounted to
$10.4 million and $10.0 million, respectively. These amounts include amortization expense for leased property under capital leases.     7. OTHER
INTANGIBLE ASSETS      Trademarks   
         Trademarks included in other intangible assets, net, are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets and totaled
$184.1 at October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016.       On March 19, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the
intellectual property of its C C California brand to a third party. The sales price was $2.5 million, which was collected during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. In connection with this transaction, the Company recorded a loss of
($0.7) million in the licensing segment.     Other   
 Other intangible assets represent as of:      
   For the three months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, amortization expense relating to customer
lists amounted to $0.3 million for each of the periods. For the nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, amortization expense relating to customer lists amounted to $0.7 million for each of the periods. Other intangible assets are
amortized over their estimated useful lives of 10 years. Assuming no impairment, the table sets forth the estimated amortization expense for future periods based on recorded amounts as of January 30, 2016:  

10  

Table of Contents  

   8. LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITIES   
 Borrowings and availability under letter of credit facilities consisted of the following as of:  
   
   During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, one letter of credit facility totaling $0.3 million, utilized by the
Company s United Kingdom subsidiary, expired and has not been renewed.     9. ADVERTISING AND RELATED COSTS   
 The Company s accounting policy relating to advertising and related costs is to expense these costs in the period incurred. Advertising
and related costs were approximately $4.2 million and $4.1 million for the three months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively, and $12.2 million and $11.1 million for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015,
respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.     10. NET (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE   
 Basic net (loss) income per share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average shares of outstanding common stock. The
calculation of diluted net income per share is similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator includes potentially dilutive common stock. The potentially dilutive common stock included in the Company s computation of diluted
net income per share includes the effects of stock options, stock appreciation rights ( SARS ), and unvested restricted shares as determined using the treasury stock method.  
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted (loss) income per share:  

(1)  
   Represents weighted average of stock options to purchase shares of common stock, SARS and restricted stock that were not included in computing diluted income (loss)
per share because their effects were antidilutive for the respective periods.   
      11  

Table of Contents  

   11. EQUITY  
 The following table reflects the changes in equity:      
   During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Board of Directors extended the stock repurchase program to
authorize the Company to purchase, from time to time and as market and business conditions warranted, up to $70 million of the Company s common stock for cash in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through October 31,
2017. Although the Board of Directors allocated a maximum of $70 million to carry out the program, the Company is not obligated to purchase any specific number of outstanding shares and will reevaluate the program on an ongoing basis. Total
purchases under the plan life-to-date amount to $60.8 million.    During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company repurchased shares of
its common stock at a cost of $2.2 million. There were no treasury shares outstanding as of January 30, 2016. During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company retired 770,753 shares of treasury stock recorded at a cost of approximately $15.7
million. Accordingly, during the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company reduced common stock and additional paid in capital by $7,000 and $15.7 million, respectively.  
  12. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, are as follows:  

12  

Table of Contents  

A summary of the impact on the condensed consolidated statements of operations line items is as follows:  
   
    13. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT   
   Cash Flow Hedges      The Company has a
risk management policy to manage foreign currency risk relating to inventory purchases by its subsidiaries that are denominated in foreign currencies. As such, the Company may employ hedging and derivative strategies to limit the effects of changes
in foreign currency on its operating income and cash flows. The financial impact of these hedging instruments is primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. The Company achieves this by closely matching
the notional amount, term and conditions of the derivative instrument with the underlying risk being hedged. The Company does not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  
 For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments, the Company formally designates and documents at inception the financial
instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure, the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition, the Company will formally assess at least quarterly whether the financial instruments used in
hedging are  highly effective  at offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposures. For purposes of assessing hedge effectiveness, the Company uses the forward method, and assesses effectiveness based on the changes in
both spot and forward points of the hedging instrument. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be  highly effective,  hedge accounting is discontinued and hedge ineffectiveness, if any, is included in current period earnings. As
of October 29, 2016, there was no hedge ineffectiveness.    The Company s United Kingdom subsidiary is exposed to foreign currency risk
from inventory purchases. In order to mitigate the financial risk of settlement of inventory at various prices based on movement of the U.S.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

dollar against the British pound, the Company entered into foreign currency forward exchange contracts (the  Hedging Instruments ) in October 2016. These are formally designated and
 highly effective  as cash flow hedges. The Company will hedge approximately 45% of its U.S. dollar denominated purchases. All changes in the Hedging Instruments  fair value associated with inventory purchases are recorded in equity
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying hedged item is reclassified to earnings. The Company records the foreign currency forward exchange contracts at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The cash
flows from derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged items. In the event that hedge accounting is discontinued, cash flows subsequent to the date
of discontinuance are classified within investing activities. The Company considers the classification of the underlying hedged item s cash flows in determining the classification for the designated derivative instrument s cash flows.
The Company classifies derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of foreign currency risk on the settlement of inventory as operating activities.  
 The Company s Hedging Instruments were classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The following table summarizes the fair
value and balance sheet classification of the Company s Hedging Instruments.      

October 29,  

January 30,  

Derivatives Designated As Hedging Instruments   
   
    Balance sheet location   
   
  2016  

2016  

(in thousands) 

Foreign currency forward exchange contract (inventory purchases)  
   
   Other Current Assets  
   
 $ 
 255 

$ 

Total  

$ 
 255 

$ 

At October 29, 2016, the notional amount outstanding of foreign exchange forward contracts is $5.7 million.
Such contracts expire between October 2016 and March 2017. There were no outstanding Hedging Instruments at January 30, 2016.    At October
29, 2016, accumulated other comprehensive income included a $255 thousand net deferred gain for Hedging Instruments that are expected to be reclassed during the next 12 months. The net deferred gain will be reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive income to costs of goods sold when the inventory is sold.    No gains or losses relating to Hedging Instruments were
reclassified to earnings during any of the fiscal periods presented.     14. INCOME TAXES   
 The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions.
The Company s U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal 2011 through fiscal 2016 are open tax years. The Company s state tax filings are subject to varying statutes of limitations. The Company s unrecognized state tax benefits are
related to open tax years from fiscal 2005 through fiscal 2017, depending on each state s particular statute of limitations. As of October 29, 2016, the fiscal 2011, 2012 and 2013 U.S. federal income tax returns are under examination, as well
as various state, local, and foreign income tax returns, by various taxing authorities.    The Company has a $1.1 million liability recorded
for unrecognized tax benefits as of January 30, 2016, which includes interest and penalties of $0.2 million. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. All of the unrecognized
tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. During the three months and nine months ended October 29, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits decreased by approximately $13,000 and increased by
$75,000, respectively. The change to the total amount of the unrecognized tax benefit for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 included a decrease in interest and penalties of approximately $11,000 and an increase of $30,000,
respectively.    The Company does not currently anticipate a resolution within the next twelve months for any of the remaining unrecognized
tax benefits as of October 29, 2016. The statute of limitations related to the Company s  
      14  

Table of Contents  

fiscal 2011, 2012 and 2013 U.S. federal tax years has been extended as part of the examination and is not expected to lapse within the next twelve months. During the three months ended October
29, 2016, the Company received a Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the Internal Revenue Service which proposed adjustments to taxable income for fiscal 2011, 2012 and 2013 of $6.1 million, $5.3 million and $6.8 million respectively. The Company has
not established uncertain tax position reserves related to this matter as the Company believes its positions are highly certain to be sustained upon appeal or, if necessary, through litigation. 
 At the end of fiscal 2016, the Company maintained a $46.2 million valuation allowance against its remaining domestic deferred tax asset;
including, but not limited to, the federal net operating loss carryforwards and the U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards, utilization of which are not restricted by factors beyond the Company s control. The establishment of valuation
allowances and the developments of projected annual effective tax rates requires significant judgment and is impacted by various estimates. Both positive and negative evidence, as well as the objectivity and verifiability of that evidence, is
considered in determining the appropriateness of recording a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. An accumulation of recent pretax losses is considered strong negative evidence in that evaluation. Although the Company recognized pretax
earnings through the nine months ended October 29, 2016, by itself that does not represent sufficient positive evidence that its deferred tax asset will be realized to warrant removing the valuation allowances established against the U.S. deferred
tax assets. Deferred tax assets without valuation allowances remain in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, where supported by the evidence.     15. STOCK
OPTIONS, STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS AND RESTRICTED SHARES     During the first, second and third quarters of fiscal 2017, the Company
granted an aggregate of 86,173, 14,914 and 3,000 shares of restricted stock to certain key employees, which vest primarily over a three-year period, at an estimated value of $1.6 million, $0.3 million and $0.06 million, respectively. This value is
being recorded as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the restricted stock.    Also, during the second
quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company awarded to six directors an aggregate of 31,902 shares of restricted stock. The restricted stock awarded vests primarily over a one-year period, at an estimated value of $0.7 million. This value is being recorded
as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the restricted stock.    During the first quarter of fiscal
2017, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock to certain key employees. Such stock generally vests 100% in April 2019, provided that each employee is still an employee of the Company on such date, and that the Company has met certain
performance criteria. A total of 184,004 shares of performance-based restricted stock were issued at an estimated value of $3.5 million.  
 During the first and second quarters of fiscal 2017, a total of 159,862 and 11,343 shares of restricted stock vested, of which 46,000 and
3,105 shares were withheld to cover the employees  statutory income tax requirements. The estimated value of the withheld shares was $880,000 and $60,000, respectively.  
  16. SEGMENT INFORMATION     The Company has
four reportable segments: Men s Sportswear and Swim, Women s Sportswear, Direct-to-Consumer and Licensing. The Men s Sportswear and Swim and Women s Sportswear segments derive revenues from the design, import and distribution of
apparel to department stores and other retail outlets, principally throughout the United States. The Direct-to-Consumer segment derives its revenues from the sale of the Company s branded and licensed products through the
Company s retail stores and e-commerce platforms. The Licensing segment derives its revenues from royalties associated from the use of the Company s brand names, principally Perry Ellis, Original Penguin, Laundry, Gotcha, Pro Player,
Farah, Ben Hogan and John Henry.    The Company allocates certain corporate selling, general and administrative expenses based primarily on
the revenues generated by the segments.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

(1)  
   Operating (loss) income for the Men s Sportswear and Swim segment for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016, includes a settlement charge related to
the pension plan in the amount of $8.3 million. See footnote 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.    

(2)   
 Operating income for the licensing segment for the nine months ended October 31, 2015, includes a loss on sale of long-lived assets in the amount of $0.7 million. See footnote 7 to the consolidated financial
statements for further information.       17. BENEFIT PLAN   
 The Company sponsors a qualified pension plan. The following table provides the components of net benefit cost for the plan during the
three and nine months ended fiscal 2017 and 2016:      
   Settlement accounting, which accelerates recognition of a plan s unrecognized net gain or loss, is
triggered if the lump sums paid during a year exceed the sum of the plan s service and interest cost. Since the lump sums paid or expected to be paid in Fiscal 2017 exceed that threshold, the Company recognized a settlement charge of $8.3
million in anticipation of the plan s termination in fiscal 2017.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   18. SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES PAYABLE   
 In March 2011, the Company issued $150 million 7  7   8 %
senior subordinated notes, due April 1, 2019. The proceeds of this offering were used to retire the $150 million 8  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due
September 15, 2013 and to repay a portion of the outstanding balance on the senior credit facility. The proceeds to the Company were $146.5 million yielding an effective interest rate of 8.0%.  
 On April 6, 2015, the Company elected to call for the partial redemption of $100 million of its $150 million 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due 2019 and a notice of redemption was sent to all registered holders of the senior subordinated notes. The redemption terms
provided for the payment of a redemption premium of 103.938% of the principal amount redeemed. On May 6, 2015, the Company completed the redemption of the $100 million of its senior subordinated notes. The Company incurred debt extinguishment
costs of approximately $5.1 million in connection with the redemption, including the redemption premium as well as the write-off of note issuance costs. At October 29, 2016, the balance of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes totaled $49.6 million, net of debt issuance cost in the amount of $0.4 million. At January 30, 2016, the balance of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes totaled $49.5 million, net of debt issuance cost in the amount of $0.5 million.  
  Certain Covenants.  The indenture governing the senior subordinated notes contains certain covenants which restrict the Company s
ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness in certain circumstances, pay dividends or make other distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock, make investments or other restricted
payments, create liens on assets to secure debt, engage in transactions with affiliates, and effect a consolidation or merger. The Company is not aware of any non-compliance with any of its covenants in this indenture. The Company could be
materially harmed if it violates any covenants because the indenture s trustee could declare the outstanding notes, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable, which the Company may not be able to satisfy. In addition, a
violation could also constitute a cross-default under the senior credit facility, the letter of credit facilities and the real estate mortgages resulting in all of the Company s debt obligations becoming immediately due and payable, which the
Company may not be able to satisfy.     19. SENIOR CREDIT FACILITY   
 On April 22, 2015, the Company amended and restated its existing senior credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), with Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as agent for the lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent. The Credit Facility provides a revolving credit facility of up to an aggregate amount of $200 million. The Credit Facility has been extended
through April 30, 2020 ( Maturity Date ). In connection with this amendment and restatement, the Company paid fees in the amount of $0.6 million. These fees will be amortized over the term of the credit facility as interest expense.
At October 29, 2016, The Company had outstanding borrowings of $37.8 million under the Credit Facility. At January 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $61.8 million, under the Credit Facility.  
  Certain Covenants . The Credit Facility contains certain financial and other covenants, which, among other things, require the Company
to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if availability falls below certain thresholds. The Company is not aware of any non-compliance with any of its covenants in this Credit Facility. These covenants may restrict its ability and the
ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and liens in certain circumstances, redeem or repurchase capital stock, make certain investments or sell assets. The Company may pay cash dividends subject to certain
restrictions set forth in the covenants including, but not limited to, meeting a minimum excess availability threshold and no occurrence of a default. The Company could be materially harmed if it violates any covenants, as the lenders under the
Credit Facility could declare all amounts outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If the Company is unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against its assets and the assets of its
subsidiaries that are borrowers or guarantors. In addition, a covenant violation that is not cured or waived by the lenders could also constitute a cross-default under certain of its other outstanding indebtedness, such as the indenture relating to
its 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due April 1, 2019, its letter of credit facilities, or its real estate mortgage loans. A cross-default could result
in all of the Company s debt obligations becoming immediately due and payable, which it may not be able to satisfy. Additionally, the Credit Facility includes a subjective acceleration clause if a  material adverse change  in the
Company s business occurs. The Company believes that the likelihood of the lender exercising this right is remote.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Borrowing Base.  Borrowings under the Credit Facility are limited to a borrowing base
calculation, which generally restricts the outstanding balance to the sum of (a) 87.5% of eligible receivables plus (b) 87.5% of eligible foreign accounts up to $1.5 million plus (c) the lesser of (i) the inventory loan limit, which equals 80% of
the maximum credit under the Credit Facility at the time, (ii) a maximum of 70.0% of eligible finished goods inventory with an inventory limit not to exceed $125 million, or 90.0% of the net recovery percentage (as defined in the Credit Facility) of
eligible inventory.     Interest.  Interest on the outstanding principal balance drawn under the Credit Facility accrues at the prime
rate and at the rate quoted by the agent for Eurodollar loans. The margin adjusts quarterly, in a range of 0.50% to 1.00% for prime rate loans and 1.50% to 2.00% for Eurodollar loans, based on the previous quarterly average of excess availability
plus excess cash on the last day of the previous quarter.     Security . As security for the indebtedness under the Credit Facility,
the Company granted to the lenders a first priority security interest (subject to liens permitted under the Credit Facility to be senior thereto) in substantially all of its existing and future assets, including, without limitation, accounts
receivable, inventory, deposit accounts, general intangibles, equipment and capital stock or membership interests, as the case may be, of certain subsidiaries, and real estate but excluding its non-U.S. subsidiaries and all of its trademark
portfolio.     20. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
  Accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued interest payable and accrued expenses . The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.     Investments.  (classified within Level 1
of the valuation hierarchy) The carrying amounts of the available-for-sale investments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets.  
  Real estate mortgages.  (classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy) The carrying amounts of the real estate mortgages
were approximately $21.4 million and $22.0 million at October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, respectively. The carrying values of the real estate mortgages at October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, approximate their fair values since the interest
rates approximate market rates.     Senior credit facility.  The carrying amount of the senior credit facility approximates fair value
due to the frequent resets of its floating interest rate.     Senior subordinated notes payable . (classified within Level 1 of the
valuation hierarchy) - The carrying amounts of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes payable were approximately $49.6 million and $49.5 million at October 29,
2016 and January 30, 2016, respectively. The fair value of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes payable was approximately $50.3 and $49.0 million as of October
29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, respectively, based on quoted market prices.    See footnote 13 to the consolidated financial statements for
disclosure of the fair value and line item caption of derivative instruments recorded in the consolidated balance sheets.    These estimated
fair value amounts have been determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methods.     21. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    On April 20, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with George Feldenkreis, the Company s Executive
Chairman. The term of the employment agreement shall continue until Mr. Feldenkreis  death or termination of the employment agreement by the Company or Mr. Feldenkreis. He will be paid a base salary of not less than $750,000 per year
during the term of employment and, among other things, a lump sum payment of $1.0 million upon the termination of his employment in most circumstances. Additionally, he is entitled to participate in the Company s incentive compensation
plans. In connection with the terms of this new employment agreement, the Company accelerated the expense recognition related to Mr. Feldenkreis  outstanding cash incentive and stock based compensation awards. The impact of the acceleration was
a $4.2 million charge during the second quarter of fiscal 2017 to selling, general and administrative expenses.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  On April 20, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Oscar Feldenkreis, the
Company s Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President. The term of the employment agreement ends on February 2, 2019. Pursuant to the employment agreement, he will be paid a base salary of not less than
$1,350,000 per year during the term of his employment with the Company. Additionally, he is entitled to participate in the Company s incentive compensation plans.  
  22. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 The Company and several of its subsidiaries (the  Guarantors ) have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the senior subordinated
notes payable on a joint and several basis. These guarantees are subject to release in limited circumstances (only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions). The following are condensed consolidating financial statements, which present,
in separate columns: Perry Ellis International, Inc. (Parent Only), the Guarantors on a combined, or where appropriate, consolidated basis, and the Non-Guarantors on a combined, or where appropriate, consolidated basis. Additional columns present
eliminating adjustments and consolidated totals as of October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015. The combined Guarantors are 100% owned subsidiaries of Perry Ellis
International, Inc., and have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the senior subordinated notes payable on a joint and several basis.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET (UNAUDITED)   
  AS OF OCTOBER 29, 2016   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET   
  AS OF JANUARY 30, 2016   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 29, 2016   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2015   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 29, 2016   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2015   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 29, 2016   
  (amounts in thousands)       
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

   PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2015   
  (amounts in thousands)       
    23. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 In November 2016, the Company paid off its then existing real estate mortgage loan and refinanced its main administrative office, warehouse and
distribution facility in Miami with a $21.7 million mortgage loan. The loan is due on November 22, 2026. The interest rate is 3.715% per annum. Monthly payments of principal and interest approximate $112,000, based on a 25-year amortization
with the outstanding principal due at maturity.    In November 2016, the Company refinanced its Tampa facility with a $13.2 million mortgage
loan. The loan is due on November 22, 2026. The interest rate is 3.715% per annum. Monthly payments of principal and interest approximate $68,000, based on a 25-year amortization with the outstanding principal due at maturity.  
 Additionally, the Company may use some of the excess funds generated from the mortgage loans described above to pay down the senior credit
facility and repurchase certain of its outstanding senior subordinated notes.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations     Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  Perry Ellis,  the  Company, 
 we,   us  or  our  include Perry Ellis International, Inc. and its subsidiaries. This management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
January 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2016.     Forward Looking Statements   
 We caution readers that this report includes  forward-looking statements  as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations rather than historical facts and they are indicated by words or phrases such as  anticipate,   believe,   budget, 
 contemplate,   continue,   could,   envision,   estimate,   expect,   guidance,   indicate,   intend,   may,   might,   plan, 
 possibly,   potential,   predict,   probably,   pro-forma,   project,   seek,   should,   target,  or  will  or the negative thereof or other
variations thereon and similar words or phrases or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Perry Ellis  strategic operating review, growth initiatives and internal operating
improvements intended to drive revenues and enhance profitability, the implementation of Perry Ellis  profitability improvement plan and Perry Ellis  plans to exit underperforming, low growth brands and businesses. We have based such
forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could affect our financial performance, cause actual results to differ from our estimates, or underlie such forward-looking statements, are as set forth below and in various
places in this report. These factors include, but are not limited to:      

general economic conditions,        

a significant decrease in business from or loss of any of our major customers or programs,        

anticipated and unanticipated trends and conditions in our industry, including the impact of recent or future retail and wholesale consolidation,    

recent and future economic conditions, including turmoil in the financial and credit markets,        

the effectiveness of our planned advertising, marketing and promotional campaigns,        

our ability to contain costs,        

disruptions in the supply chain, including, but not limited to those caused by port disruptions,        

our future capital needs and our ability to obtain financing,        

our ability to protect our trademarks,        

our ability to integrate acquired businesses, trademarks, tradenames, and licenses,        

our ability to predict consumer preferences and changes in fashion trends and consumer acceptance of both new designs and newly introduced products,    

the termination or non-renewal of any material license agreements to which we are a party,        

changes in the costs of raw materials, labor and advertising,        

our ability to carry out growth strategies including expansion in international and direct-to-consumer retail markets,        

our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, which are subject to change at any time at our discretion,    
      28  

Table of Contents  

potential cyber risk and technology failures that could disrupt operations or result in a data breach,        

the level of consumer spending for apparel and other merchandise,        

our ability to compete,        

exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk,        

the impact to our business resulting from the United Kingdom s referendum vote to exit the European Union and the uncertainty surrounding the terms and conditions of such a withdrawal, as well as the related impact
to global stock markets and currency exchange rates,        

possible disruption in commercial activities due to terrorist activity and armed conflict,        

actions of activist investors and the cost and disruption of responding to those actions, and        

other factors set forth in this report and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings.    
 You are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC. You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are valid only as of the date they were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or the occurrence of
unanticipated events or otherwise.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 Included in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016
is a summary of all significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We follow the accounting methods and practices as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ). In particular, our critical accounting policies and areas in which we use judgment are in the areas of revenue recognition, the estimated collectability of accounts receivable, the recoverability of obsolete or
overstocked inventory, the impairment of long-lived assets that are our trademarks, the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the measurement of retirement related benefits. We believe that there have been no significant changes to our critical
accounting policies during the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 as compared to those we disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended January 30, 2016.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, selected financial data expressed by segments and includes a reconciliation of
EBITDA to operating income by segment, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure:      
   EBITDA consists of earnings before interest, depreciation and amortization, costs on early extinguishment of
debt and income taxes. EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and does not represent cash flow from operations. The most directly comparable GAAP
financial measure, presented above, is operating income. EBITDA and EBITDA margin are presented solely as a supplemental disclosure because management believes that they are a common measure of operating performance in the apparel industry.  
 The following is a discussion of the results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended October 29, 2016 of the fiscal year
ending January 28, 2017 ( fiscal 2017 ) compared with the three and nine month periods ended October 31, 2015 of the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ).  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations - three and nine months ended October 29, 2016 compared to the three
and nine months ended October 31, 2015.       Net sales . Men s Sportswear and Swim net sales for the three months
ended October 29, 2016 were $135.7 million, a decrease of $5.8 million, or 4.1%, from $141.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The net sales decrease was attributed primarily to business exits and the negative impact of foreign
currency translation, partially offset by increases in Perry Ellis, Golf lifestyle apparel and Nike swim business.    Men s Sportswear
and Swim net sales for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 were $478.8 million, a decrease of $11.7 million, or 2.4%, from $490.5 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The net sales decrease was attributed primarily to exited brands
coupled with the negative impact in our special markets programs and foreign currency conversions, partially offset by increases in our core Perry Ellis and Original Penguin collections, as well as our Golf lifestyle apparel and Nike swim business.
   Women s Sportswear net sales for the three months ended October 29, 2016 were $28.7 million, a decrease of $4.7 million, or 14.1%,
from $33.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The net sales decrease was attributed primarily to softer replenishment business across the women s market driven in part by the impact of Hurricane Matthew for some of our east
coast retail partners.    Women s Sportswear net sales for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 were $85.3 million, a decrease of
$16.8 million, or 16.5%, from $102.1 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The net sales decrease was primarily due to the sale of C C California in the prior year, planned decreases in special markets programs and softer
replenishment business across the women s market consistent with the reductions cited above.    Direct-to-Consumer net sales for the
three months ended October 29, 2016 were $20.9 million, a decrease of $0.6 million, or 2.8%, from $21.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The decrease was driven by five stores closing during fiscal 2017, partially offset by a
comparable sales increase of 1%. We have experienced a significant decline in traffic and comparable same store sales for our retail locations that cater to higher level of tourist activity. These doors represent close to 45% of our total store
count.    Direct-to-Consumer net sales for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 were $65.4 million, a decrease of $1.4 million, or 2.1%,
from $66.8 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The decrease was driven by relatively flat comparable same store sales, coupled with five net fewer stores as discussed above.  
  Royalty income . Royalty income for the three months ended October 29, 2016 was $8.7 million, a decrease of $0.3 million, or 3.3%, from
$9.0 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The decrease in royalty income was attributed to the transition of two of our licensed partners to new partnerships.  
 Royalty income for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 was $27.4 million, an increase of $1.6 million, or 6.2%, from $25.8 million for the
nine months ended October 31, 2015. Royalty income increases were attributed to increases in our Perry Ellis and Original Penguin brands as well as the new licenses signed during this and last year, and from our continuing initiatives to upgrade our
licensing partners, partially offset by the transition discussed above.     Gross profit.  Gross profit was $71.1 million for the three
months ended October 29, 2016, a decrease of $2.2 million, or 3.0%, from $73.3 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. This decrease is attributed to the sales decrease from our brand exits, foreign currency translations and softer
replenishment business across the women s market described above.    Gross profit was $240.0 million for the nine months ended October
29, 2016, an increase of $0.7 million, or 0.3%, from $239.3 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. This increase is attributed to the sales mix composition, our increase in royalty income, and the factors described within the gross
profit margin section below; partially offset by sales decrease from our brand exits, softer special market programs and softer replenishment business across the women s market described above.  
  Gross profit margin.  As a percentage of total revenue, gross profit margins were 36.7% for the three months ended October 29,
2016, as compared to 35.7% for the three months ended October 31, 2015 which represents an expansion of 100 basis points. The expansion was driven by solid performance across our core brands in our wholesale business, as well as stronger metrics in
our direct-to-consumer business.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  For the nine months ended October 29, 2016, gross profit margins were 36.5% as a percentage of
total revenue as compared to 34.9% for the nine months ended October 31, 2015, an increase of 160 basis points. The increase is attributed to stronger product margins and reduced markdowns in our men s collection, Golf apparel and Nike
businesses as well as an increase in royalty income and reduced cost realized through consolidation in our foreign buying offices and freight services.  
  Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended October 29, 2016
were $72.8 million, an increase of $7.9 million, or 12.2%, from $64.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The increase was attributed primarily to expenses of $8.3 million associated with the termination of our defined pension
plan offset by savings from the streamlining and consolidations of our operations.    Selling, general and administrative expenses for the
nine months ended October 29, 2016 were $215.4 million, an increase of $12.7 million, or 6.3%, from $202.7 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The increase is attributed to expenses associated with the termination of our defined
pension plan, as described above, slightly higher incentive compensation accruals, severance costs and the acceleration of executive compensation costs, partially offset by reduced costs resulting from our continued focus on the core infrastructure.
See footnote 21 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the acceleration of executive compensation costs.  
  EBITDA.  Men s Sportswear and Swim EBITDA margin for the three months ended October 29, 2016, decreased 720 basis points to (4.3%),
from 2.9% for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The EBITDA margin was unfavorably impacted by a decrease in net sales and a settlement charge related to the termination of our defined benefit plan in the amount of $8.3 million. 
 Men s Sportswear and Swim EBITDA margin for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, decreased 150 basis points to 2.6%, from 4.1% for the
nine months ended October 31, 2015. The EBITDA margin was unfavorably impacted by a settlement charge related to the termination of our defined benefit plan in the amount of $8.3 million, partially offset by the increase in gross profit and margins
in our men s collection, Golf lifestyle apparel and Nike businesses.    Women s Sportswear EBITDA margin for the three months
ended October 29, 2016 decreased 340 basis points to (2.0%) from 1.4% for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Women s Sportswear EBITDA margin for the nine months ended October 29, 2016 decreased 490 basis points to (3.1%) from 1.8%
for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The EBITDA margin was unfavorably impacted by the exit of C C California, planned decreases in special markets programs and softer replenishment business across the women s market. As a result of
these factors we were not able to realize favorable leverage in selling, general and administrative expenses.    Direct-to-Consumer EBITDA
margin for the three months ended October 29, 2016, increased 250 basis points to (11.7%), from (14.2%) for the three months ended October 31, 2015. This increase was attributed to expansion in gross margin and tighter overhead spending. Because of
these factors, we were able to realize favorable leverage.    Direct-to-Consumer EBITDA margin for the nine months ended October 29, 2016
decreased 280 basis points to (10.6%), from (7.8%) for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The EBITDA margin was unfavorably impacted by the closing of a net of five stores, as described above. Additionally, selling, general and administrative
expenses were unfavorably impacted by increases in rent as we renewed some of our leases at higher rates.    Licensing EBITDA margin for the
three months ended October 29, 2016, increased 620 basis points to 82.3%, from 76.1% for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The increase is primarily due to a decrease in the direct costs associated with the licensing segment.  
 Licensing EBITDA margin for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, increased 470 basis points to 79.0%, from 74.3% for the nine months ended
October 31, 2015. The EBITDA margin was favorably impacted by the increase in royalty income, as described above, and a decrease in the direct costs associated with the licensing segment. Also, as described below, during the nine months
ended October 31, 2015, we had a loss on the sale of the C C California brand tradename, which was the primary reason for the lower EBITDA margin in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization for the three months ended
October 29, 2016, was $3.5 million, an increase of $0.1 million, or 2.9%, from $3.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, was $10.7 million, an increase of $0.5
million, or 4.9%, from $10.2 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The increase is attributed to depreciation related to our increased capital expenditures, primarily in the direct-to-consumer segment, and leasehold improvements made
during fiscal 2017 and 2016.     Loss on sale of long-lived assets.  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we entered into an
agreement to sell the intellectual property of our C C California brand to a third party. As a result of this transaction, we recorded a loss of ($0.7) million in the licensing segment.  
  Cost on early extinguishment of debt . On April 6, 2015, we called for partial redemption of $100 million of our $150 million
outstanding 7  7   8 % Senior Subordinated Notes. The redemption terms provided for the payment of a redemption premium of 103.938% of the principal amount
redeemed. On May 6, 2015, we completed the redemption of $100 million of our senior subordinated notes. We incurred debt extinguishment costs of approximately $5.1 million in connection with the redemption premium and the write-off of note
issuance costs.     Interest expense . Interest expense for the three months ended October 29, 2016, was $1.7 million, a decrease of
$0.2 million, or 10.5%, from $1.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Interest expense for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, was $5.7 million, a decrease of $1.7 million, or 23.0%, from $7.4 million for the nine months
ended October 31, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in interest resulting from the partial redemption of $100 million of our senior subordinated notes during the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as well as a lower average
amount borrowed on our credit facility as compared to the prior year period.     Income taxes . The income tax benefit for the three
months ended October 29, 2016, was $1.9 million, a decrease of $2.8 million, as compared to an expense of $0.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. For the three months ended October 29, 2016, our effective tax rate was 26.4% as
compared to 28.8% for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The income tax provision for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, was $2.7 million, a decrease of $0.1 million, as compared to $2.8 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015.
For the nine months ended October 29, 2016, our effective tax rate was 32.8% as compared to 21.3% for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The overall change in the effective tax rate is attributed to the current year impact of the valuation
allowance on domestic taxes and a change in the ratio of income between domestic and foreign operations, of which the domestic operations are taxed at higher statutory tax rates.  
  Net (loss) income.  Net (loss) income for the three months ended October 29, 2016, was ($5.2) million, a decrease of $7.5 million, as
compared to $2.3 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Net income for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, was $5.5 million, a decrease of $4.9 million, or 47.1%, as compared to $10.4 million for the nine months ended
October 31, 2015. The changes in operating results were due to the items described above.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 We rely principally on cash flow from operations and borrowings under our senior credit facility to finance our operations, pension funding
requirements, acquisitions, and capital expenditures. We believe that our working capital requirements will increase for next year as we continue to expand internationally. As of October 29, 2016, our total working capital was $213.5 million as
compared to $218.8 million at January 30, 2016 and $221.5 million as of October 31, 2015. We believe that our cash flows from operations and availability under our senior credit facility and remaining letter of credit facility are sufficient to meet
our working capital needs and capital expenditure needs over the next year.    We consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign
subsidiaries as of October 29, 2016, to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, no United States income taxes have been provided thereon. As of October 29, 2016, the amount of cash associated with indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings was
approximately $25.6 million. We have not, nor do we anticipate the need to, repatriate these funds to the United States to satisfy our domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity needs associated with our
domestic debt service requirements.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Net cash provided by operating activities was $37.2 million for the nine months ended
October 29, 2016, as compared to cash provided by operating activities of $18.6 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015.  
 The cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, is primarily attributable to decreased inventory of
$69.0 million due to improved inventory management. This was partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $62.6 million, as well as a reduction in deferred pension obligation of $5.5 million due to our funding of our
pension in anticipation of its termination and a reduction in accrued interest of $1.0 million. For the nine months ended October 29, 2016, our inventory turnover ratio increased to 3.8, as we continued to improve our inventory management, from
3.7 for the comparable period in fiscal 2016.    The cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended October 31, 2015,
is primarily attributable to a decrease in accounts receivable of $6.5 million, decreased inventory of $38.4 million due to improved inventory management, as well as a reduction in prepaid taxes of 3.6 million. This was partially offset by a
decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $54.8 million as well as decreased accrued interest payable of $3.5 million.    Net
cash used in investing activities was $12.2 million for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, as compared to cash provided by investing activities of $2.5 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. The net cash used in investing
activities during the first nine months of fiscal 2017 primarily reflects the purchase of investments of $12.5 million and the purchase of property and equipment of $9.3 million primarily for leasehold improvements and store fixtures; partially
offset by proceeds from the maturities of investments of $9.3 million. We anticipate capital expenditures during the remainder of fiscal 2017 of $3.0 million to $4.0 million in new leasehold improvements, technology, systems, retail stores, and
other expenditures.    Net cash provided by investing activities was $2.5 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015, as
compared to cash used in investing activities of $19.8 million for the nine months ended November 1, 2014. The net cash provided by investing activities during the first nine months of fiscal 2016 primarily reflects the proceeds from the
maturities of investments in the amount of $17.8 million, the proceeds on the sale of the C C California brand in the amount of $2.5 million and the proceeds from notes receivable associated with the sale of the Australian, Fiji and New Zealand
Jantzen trademark rights in the amount of $0.3 million; partially offset by the purchase of investments of $8.2 million and the purchase of property and equipment of $9.8 million primarily for leasehold improvements and store fixtures.  
 Net cash used in financing activities was $26.9 million for the nine months ended October 29, 2016, as compared to $39.3 million for the
nine months ended October 31, 2015. The net cash used during the first nine months of fiscal 2017 primarily reflects net payments on our senior credit facility of $23.9 million, purchases of treasury stock of $2.2 million, payments of $0.6 million
on our mortgage loans and payments on capital leases of $0.2 million; partially offset by the proceeds from exercises of stock options of 5,000.  
 Net cash used in financing activities was $39.3 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015, as compared to $10.9 million for the
nine months ended November 1, 2014. The net cash used during the first nine months of fiscal 2016 primarily reflects payments for the partial redemption on our senior subordinated notes of $100 million, payments of $0.6 million on our mortgage
loans, payments of deferred financing fees on the senior credit facility of $0.6 million and payments on capital leases of $0.1 million; partially offset by net borrowings on our senior credit facility of $60.6 million and the proceeds from
exercises of stock options of $1.4 million. We financed the redemption of the subordinated notes through our senior credit facility.    Our
Board of Directors has authorized us to purchase, from time to time and as market and business conditions warrant, up to $70 million of our common stock for cash in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through October 31,
2017. Although our Board of Directors allocated a maximum of $70 million to carry out the program, we are not obligated to purchase any specific number of outstanding shares and will reevaluate the program on an ongoing basis. Total purchases
under the plan life-to-date amount to approximately $60.8 million.    During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we repurchased shares of
common stock at a cost of $2.2 million. There were no treasury shares outstanding as of January 30, 2016. During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we retired 770,753 shares of treasury stock recorded at a cost of approximately $15.7 million.
Accordingly, during the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we reduced common stock and additional paid in capital by $7,000 and $15.7 million, respectively.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Acquisitions    
 None.      7    7   8 % $150 Million Senior Subordinated Notes Payable    
 In March 2011, we issued $150 million
7        
7   8 % senior subordinated notes, due April 1, 2019. The proceeds of this offering were used to retire the $150 million 8  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due September 15, 2013 and to repay a portion of the outstanding balance on the senior credit facility. The proceeds to us were $146.5 million yielding an effective interest rate
of 8.0%.    On April 6, 2015, we elected to call for the partial redemption of $100 million of our $150 million 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due 2019 and a notice of redemption was sent to all registered holders of the senior subordinated notes. The redemption terms
provided for the payment of a redemption premium of 103.938% of the principal amount redeemed. On May 6, 2015, we completed the redemption of the $100 million of our senior subordinated notes. We incurred debt extinguishment costs of
approximately $5.1 million in connection with the redemption, including the redemption premium as well as the write-off of note issuance costs. At October 29, 2016, the balance of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes totaled $49.6 million, net of debt issuance costs in the amount of $0.4 million. At January 30, 2016, the balance of the 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes totaled $49.5 million, net of debt issuance costs in the amount of $0.5 million.  
  Certain Covenants.  The indenture governing the senior subordinated notes contains certain covenants which restrict our ability and the
ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness in certain circumstances, pay dividends or make other distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock, make investments or other restricted payments, create liens
on assets to secure debt, engage in transactions with affiliates, and effect a consolidation or merger. We are not aware of any non-compliance with any of our covenants in this indenture. We could be materially harmed if we violate any
covenants because the indenture s trustee could declare the outstanding notes, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable, which we may not be able to satisfy. In addition, a violation could also constitute a
cross-default under the senior credit facility, the letter of credit facilities and the real estate mortgages resulting in all of our debt obligations becoming immediately due and payable, which we may not be able to satisfy.  
   Senior Credit Facility      On April
22, 2015, we amended and restated our existing senior credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent for the lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent. The Credit Facility
provides a revolving credit facility of up to an aggregate amount of $200 million. The Credit Facility has been extended through April 30, 2020. In connection with this amendment and restatement, we paid fees in the amount of $0.6 million.
These fees will be amortized over the term of the credit facility as interest expense. At October 29, 2016 we had outstanding borrowings of $37.8 million, under the Credit Facility. At January 30, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of $61.8
million, under the Credit Facility.     Certain Covenants . The Credit Facility contains certain financial and other covenants, which,
among other things, require us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if availability falls below certain thresholds. We are not aware of any non-compliance with any of our covenants in this Credit Facility. These covenants may restrict
our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and liens in certain circumstances, redeem or repurchase capital stock, make certain investments or sell assets. We may pay cash dividends subject
to certain restrictions set forth in the covenants including, but not limited to, meeting a minimum excess availability threshold and no occurrence of a default. We could be materially harmed if we violate any covenants, as the lenders under the
Credit Facility could declare all amounts outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If we are unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries that
are borrowers or guarantors. In addition, a covenant violation that is not cured or waived by the lenders could also constitute a cross-default under certain of our other outstanding indebtedness, such as the indenture relating to our 7  7   8 % senior subordinated notes due April 1, 2019, our letter of credit facilities, or our real estate mortgage loans. A cross-default could result in all
of our debt obligations becoming immediately due and payable, which we may not be able to satisfy. Additionally, our Credit Facility includes a subjective acceleration clause if a  material adverse change  in our business occurs. We
believe that the likelihood of the lender exercising this right is remote.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Borrowing Base.  Borrowings under the Credit Facility are limited to a borrowing base
calculation, which generally restricts the outstanding balance to the sum of (a) 87.5% of eligible receivables plus (b) 87.5% of eligible foreign accounts up to $1.5 million plus (c) the lesser of (i) the inventory loan limit, which equals 80% of
the maximum credit under the Credit Facility at the time, (ii) a maximum of 70.0% of eligible finished goods inventory with an inventory limit not to exceed $125 million, or 90.0% of the net recovery percentage (as defined in the Credit Facility) of
eligible inventory.     Interest.  Interest on the outstanding principal balance drawn under the Credit Facility accrues at the prime
rate and at the rate quoted by the agent for Eurodollar loans. The margin adjusts quarterly, in a range of 0.50% to 1.00% for prime rate loans and 1.50% to 2.00% for Eurodollar loans, based on the previous quarterly average of excess availability
plus excess cash on the last day of the previous quarter.     Security . As security for the indebtedness under the Credit Facility, we
granted to the lenders a first priority security interest (subject to liens permitted under the Credit Facility to be senior thereto) in substantially all of our existing and future assets, including, without limitation, accounts receivable,
inventory, deposit accounts, general intangibles, equipment and capital stock or membership interests, as the case may be, of certain subsidiaries, and real estate, but excluding our non-U.S. subsidiaries and all of our trademark portfolio.  
   Letter of Credit Facilities      As of
October 29, 2016, we maintained one U.S. dollar letter of credit facility totaling $30.0 million. Each documentary letter of credit is secured primarily by the consignment of merchandise in transit under that letter of credit and certain
subordinated liens on our assets.    During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, one letter of credit facility totaling, $0.3 million utilized
by our United Kingdom subsidiary, expired and has not been renewed.    During fiscal 2016, a $15 million line of credit expired and was not
renewed and we decreased the letter of credit sublimit in our Senior Credit Facility to $30.0 million.    At October 29, 2016 and
January 30, 2016, there was $19.2 million and $18.9 million, respectively, available under the existing letter of credit facility.      Real Estate
Mortgage Loans      In July 2010, we paid off our then existing real estate mortgage loan and refinanced our main administrative
office, warehouse and distribution facility in Miami with a $13.0 million mortgage loan. The loan is due on August 1, 2020. In July 2013, we amended the mortgage loan agreement to modify the interest rate. The interest rate was reduced to
3.9% per annum and the terms were restated to reflect new monthly payments of principal and interest of $69,000, based on a 25-year amortization with the outstanding principal due at maturity. At October 29, 2016, the balance of the real estate
mortgage loan totaled $10.8 million, net of discount, of which $403,000 is due within one year.    In November 2016, we paid off our
existing real estate mortgage loan and refinanced our main administrative office, warehouse and distribution facility in Miami with a $21.7 million mortgage loan. The loan is due on November 22, 2026. The interest rate is 3.715% per annum.
Monthly payments of principal and interest approximate $112,000, based on a 25-year amortization with the outstanding principal due at maturity.  
 In June 2006, we entered into a mortgage loan for $15 million secured by our Tampa facility. The loan is due on January 23, 2019. In
January 2014, we amended the mortgage loan to modify the interest rate. The interest rate was reduced to 3.25% per annum and the terms were restated to reflect new monthly payments of principal and interest of approximately $68,000, based on a
20-year amortization with the outstanding principal due at maturity. At October 29, 2016, the balance of the real estate mortgage loan totaled $10.7 million, net of discount, of which approximately $472,000 is due within one year.  
 In November 2016, we refinanced our Tampa facility with a $13.2 million mortgage loan. The loan is due on November 22, 2026. The interest rate
is 3.715% per annum. Monthly payments of principal and interest approximate $68,000, based on a 25-year amortization with the outstanding principal due at maturity.  
 Additionally, we may use some of the excess funds generated from the new mortgage loans described above to pay down our senior credit facility
and repurchase certain of our outstanding senior subordinated notes.    The real estate mortgage loans contain certain covenants. We
are not aware of any non-compliance with any of the covenants. If we violate any covenants, the lender under the real estate mortgage loan could declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable, which we may not be able
to satisfy. A covenant violation could constitute a cross-default under our senior credit facility, our letter of credit facilities and the indenture relating to our senior subordinated notes resulting in all of our debt obligations becoming
immediately due and payable, which we may not be able to satisfy.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 We are not a party to any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined by applicable GAAP and SEC rules.  
   Effects of Inflation and Foreign Currency Fluctuations    
 We do not believe that inflation or foreign currency fluctuations significantly affected our results of operations for the three and nine
months ended October 29, 2016.       Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 The market risk inherent in our financial statements represents the potential changes in the fair value, earnings or cash flows arising from
changes in interest rates. We manage this exposure through regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. Our policy allows the use of derivative financial instruments
for identifiable market risk exposure, including interest rate and foreign currency.      Derivative Financial Instrument - Cash Flow Hedges
     Our United Kingdom subsidiary is exposed to foreign currency risk from inventory purchases. In order to mitigate the financial
risk of settlement of inventory at various prices based on movement of the U.S. dollar against the British pound, in October 2016, we entered into foreign currency forward exchange contracts (the  Hedging Instruments ). These contracts are
formally designated and  highly effective  as cash flow hedges.    All changes in the Hedging Instruments  fair value
associated with inventory purchases are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying hedged item is reclassified to earnings. We record the Hedging Instruments at fair value in our Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The cash flows from such hedges are presented in the same category in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as the items being hedged.  
 At October 29, 2016, the notional amount outstanding of Hedging Instruments is $5.7 million. Such contracts expire between October 2016 and
March 2017. There were no outstanding Hedging Instruments at January 30, 2016.    No gains or losses relating to foreign exchange
forward contracts were reclassified to earnings during any of the fiscal periods presented.      Commodity Price Risk    
 We are exposed to market risks for the pricing of cotton and other fibers, which may impact fabric prices. Fabric is a portion of the overall
product cost, which includes various components. We manage our fabric prices by using a combination of different strategies including the utilization of sophisticated logistics and supply chain management systems, which allow us to maintain maximum
flexibility in our global sourcing of products. This provides us with the ability to re-direct our sourcing of products to the most cost-effective jurisdictions. In addition, we may modify our product offerings to our customers based on the
availability of new fibers, yield enhancement techniques and other technological advances that allow us to utilize more cost effective fibers. Finally, we also have the ability to adjust our price points of such products, to the extent market
conditions allow. These factors, along with our foreign-based sourcing offices, allow us to procure product from lower cost countries or capitalize on certain tariff-free arrangements, which help mitigate any commodity price increases that may
occur. We have not historically managed, and do not currently intend to manage, commodity price exposures by using derivative instruments.      Other
     We have a risk management policy to manage foreign currency risk relating to inventory purchases by our subsidiaries which are
denominated in foreign currencies. As such, we may employ hedging and derivative strategies to limit the effects of changes in foreign currency on our operating income and cash flows. However, we consider our current exposure to foreign exchange
risk as not significant. 
      37  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4: Controls and Procedures   
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 29, 2016 in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under
the Securities Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 During the last fiscal quarter, we upgraded our accounting system to Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.3. The upgrade was fully
integrated into our current system of internal controls.    Other than the changes noted above there have been no other changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

     PART II: OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

(1)   
 During fiscal 2017, our Board of Directors extended the stock repurchase program to authorize us to purchase, from time to time and as market and business conditions warrant, up to $70 million of our common stock for
cash in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through October 31, 2017. Although our Board of Directors allocated a maximum of $70 million to carry out the program, we are not obligated to purchase any specific number of
outstanding shares and will reevaluate the program on an ongoing basis. Total purchases under the plan to date amount to $60.8 million.    
      39  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits   
  Index to Exhibits       

Exhibit Number   
    
    Exhibit Description   
    
    Where Filed    

31.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
    
 Filed herewith.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
    
 Filed herewith.  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 
    
 Filed herewith.  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
    
 Filed herewith.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
    
 Filed herewith.  
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

  SIGNATURE  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Perry Ellis International, Inc.  

December 6, 2016  

By:  
   
   /S/ ANITA BRITT   

Anita Britt, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)   
 
      41  

Table of Contents  

  Exhibit Index      

Exhibit Number   
    
    Exhibit Description   
    
    Where Filed   

31.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

Filed herewith. 

31.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

Filed herewith. 

32.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 

Filed herewith. 

32.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 

Filed herewith. 

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

42  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d261073dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification     I, Oscar Feldenkreis,
certify that:    1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perry Ellis International, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    December 6, 2016       

/S/ OSCAR FELDENKREIS   
 
 Name: 
   
 Oscar Feldenkreis  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d261073dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification     I, Anita Britt, certify
that:    1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perry Ellis International, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4) The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    December 6, 2016       

/S/ ANITA BRITT   
 
 Name: 
   
 Anita Britt  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d261073dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Certification     I, Oscar
Feldenkreis, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perry Ellis International, Inc. (the  Company )
for the quarter ended October 29, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    December 6, 2016  

/S/ OSCAR FELDENKREIS   
 
 Name: 
   
 Oscar Feldenkreis  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  
 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d261073dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.2   
  Certification     I, Anita
Britt, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perry Ellis International, Inc. (the  Company ) for
the quarter ended October 29, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    December 6, 2016  

/S/ ANITA BRITT   
 
 Name: 
   
 Anita Britt  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  
 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pery-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pery-20161029.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pery-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pery-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pery-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pery-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

