<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161219_10-K_edgar_data_1609472_0001520138-16-001306_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1787515</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146946</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>118403</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>452983</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>514415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>503536</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-16-001306.hdr.sgml : 20161219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161219151453
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-16-001306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GH Capital Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-211778
		FILM NUMBER:		162058803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH BISCAYNE BLVD. STE. 2790
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-922-3671

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH BISCAYNE BLVD. STE. 2790
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Humax Capital Management Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140529

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-16-001306.txt : 20161219

10-K
 1
 ghci-20160930_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR PERIOD ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.  20549  

 ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

  Form 10-K  

 ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

For the fiscal year ended
September   30, 2016 

For the transition period from                        to                        

GH CAPITAL INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Commission file number 333-211778  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  None.  

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  None.  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes           No       

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No       

Note - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files)    Yes           No       

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    Yes          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 
          
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
          
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No       

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. N/A 

As of December 13, 2016 the Company has 35,046,917 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

GH CAPITAL
INC.   

   Form 10-K   

   September
30, 2016    

Table
of Contents   

Page    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

1  

PART I   
     2  

Item 1.  
         
       Business   
      2   

Item 1A.  
         
       Risk Factors   
      4   

Item 1B.  
         
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      12   

Item 2.  
         
       Properties   
      12   

Item 3.  
         
       Legal Proceedings   
      12   

Item 4.  
         
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      12   

PART II    
     13  

Item 5.  
         
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      13   

Item 6.  
         
       Selected Financial Data   
      16   

Item 7.  
         
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   

Item 7A.  
         
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      21   

Item 8.  
         
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      22   

Item 9.  
         
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      36   

Item 9A.  
         
       Controls and Procedures   
      36   

Item 9B.  
         
       Other Information   
     38  

PART III   
      39   

Item 10.  
         
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      39   

Item 11.  
         
       Executive Compensation   
     40  

Item 12.  
         
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      41   

Item 13.  
         
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
     42  

Item 14.  
         
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
      43   

PART IV    
      45   

Item 15.  
         
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      45   

Signatures   
      46   

Table of Contents   

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this  Report ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts.
Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   intend,   could,   should,   would, 
 may,   seek,   plan,   might,   will,   expect,   predict, 
 project,   forecast,   potential,   continue  negatives thereof or similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible
or assumed future results of our operations; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of
management; any other statements regarding future operations, future cash needs, business plans and future financial results,
and any other statements that are not historical facts.  

From
time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases,
in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements
included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and
may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and
beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our
control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements.
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur
or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report.  

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or
otherwise.  

For
discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results
see  Item 1A   Risk Factors  below.  

In
this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires,  GH Capital ,  the Company ,
 we ,  us  or  our  refer to GH Capital Inc., a Florida corporation.     

-1- 

       Table of Contents   

PART I  

Item 1. BUSINESS  

Overview    

GH
Capital Inc. (the  Company ), a Florida corporation, has developed an online payment gateway called  ClickDirectPay 
to process online wire transfer transactions for diversified online merchants with a target market in Europe. We were incorporated
on May 5, 2014 in the State of Florida. On November 12, 2015, we filed a certificate of amendment with the State of Florida to
change our name from Global Humax Capital Management, Inc. to GH Capital Inc.  

Our
service enables web-based merchants to accept ClickDirectPay online, which is available at  https://www.clickdirectpay.com .
More specifically, we will focus on establishing ClickDirectPay as a cost-effective alternative to current payment gateway systems
used throughout Europe. Our service will assist online merchants to increase profits by reducing existing processing costs. Currently,
customers and users throughout Europe (including Germany, Austria, Spain, Italy, Greece, and the Netherlands) prefer to pay bills
with an online wire transfer instead of paying with credit cards or Paypal. We believe our ClickDirectPay payment gateway will
meet the needs of the European online marketplace.  

We
were formed to discover and promote new technologies in the financial industry, but our only product or service is currently ClickDirectPay.
We will offer our service to potentially high-risk, niche markets. These markets include e-commerce, gaming, adult entertainment,
and digital goods. Furthermore, we will market our service to large acquiring and issuing banks, as well as financial institutions
in Europe, to provide our service to their clients.  

ClickDirectPay
is a real-time, online payment method that offers customers a convenient way to make a payment through their bank's online banking
system through online ordering processes. The online merchant receives real-time confirmation of payment through ClickDirectPay,
facilitating the direct delivery of the service, good or digital content.  

ClickDirectPay
is a merchant payment portal that allows customers to make payments directly into the merchant (retailer) bank account. ClickDirectPay
allows the merchant to make and track payments in real time. ClickDirectPay is based in, and developed for, the security standards
of German online banking. ClickDirectPay meets the most current security protocols for online transactions. Customer details are
encrypted and transactions data is  tokenized,  meaning that the customer s sensitive data is substituted with
a non-sensitive equivalent. ClickDirectPay is cloud-based and is fully hosted on Amazon Cloud, which is Payment Card Industry
Security Standard (PCI compliant).  

We
hope that our unique ClickDirectpay software in combination with a discounted processing fee structure will attract more merchants.
ClickDirectPay intends on marketing its platform to editors and freelance writers associated with large financial European newspapers
and online press, however there is no guarantee that traction will occur.  

Going
Concern    

These financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. As reflected in our financial statements, we had net losses of $142,463 and $61,144 for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net cash used in operations were $69,559 and $11,056 for the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally, we had an accumulated deficit of $280,057 at September 30, 2016. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are in the process in building our customer base and
expect to generate increased revenues and we are seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund
its operations in the future. Management cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become
cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. Although we have historically raised capital from sales of
common stock, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so. If we are unable to raise additional capital or
secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that we will need to curtail our operations. Our financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

- 2 - 

       Table of Contents   

Software
Development Costs   

We
entered into a relationship with a third party development company to develop a web-based application in Java/J2EE to develop
the application. We committed to pay cash of $67,000 in development fees for the completion of the product of which approximately
$39,500 was paid as of September 30, 2016. In July 2015, we issued 70,000 shares of common stock valued at $.16 per common share
or $11,200 to this third party development company as part of a product development agreement. The shares were valued at the most
recent cash price paid per share. In connection with these shares, we recorded capitalized development costs of $11,200. Additionally,
on January 7, 2016, we issued an additional 70,000 shares of common stock valued at $.18 per common share or $12,600 to this third
party development company as part of a product development agreement. The shares were valued at the most recent cash price paid
per share. In connection with the issuance of these shares, we recorded capitalized development costs of $12,600.  

Customers   

ClickDirectPay
began Beta testing of the system on May 6, 2016. ClickDirectPay is no longer in the Beta stage and was made available to the public
in May 2016.  

Marketing   

We
market our ClickDirectPay online payment gateway service through a large network of existing resellers and free-lancers from the
payment industry in Germany, Austria and Spain. We are not actively marketing our services using any direct marketing campaigns.
We have marketed our services primarily through word-of-mouth.  

We
are focusing on expanding our offering within Europe by seeking out banks and financial institutions in other European countries
in need of our service offering.  

Competition   

Our
competitors in the online payment industry are numerous in Europe. Our competitors include financial institutions and well-established
payment processing companies. In Europe, specifically in Germany, we face competition from both SOFORT GmbH and GIROPAY SOLUTIONS
GmbH. We also face competition from PayPal. Our primary competitor is SOFORT and they offer a nearly identical service that we
intend on offering. However, we intend on providing the service at reduced costs in the hopes that merchants will prefer our service.  

We
also face competition from Giropay Solutions which has a minimal market share of online payment transactions compared to SOFORT
GmbH and is only able to process transactions through a smaller percentage of banks in Germany. We also face competition from
PayPal in Europe.  

In
Europe, financial institutions remain the primary providers of merchant acquiring payment services to merchants, although the
outsourcing of these services to third-party service providers is becoming more prevalent. Merchant acquiring payment services
have become increasingly complex, requiring significant capital commitments to develop, maintain and update the systems necessary
to provide these advanced services at competitive prices.  

Government
Regulation   

We
are not aware of any existing governmental regulations that would have a material effect on our business at this time. However,
on August 10, 2015, the European Parliament issued a revised directive (the  Directive ) on Payment Services, which
will not become effective until 1) it is adopted by the EU Council of Ministers, 2) it is published in the Official Journal of
the EU, and 3) the EU Member States will have two years to introduce the necessary changes in their national laws to comply with
the new rules. Under the Directive, the Company is deemed to be a  payment initiation service  and may become subject
to rules regarding confidentiality, liability and security on consumer transactions. However, none of these has taken place yet.  

Employees   

We
currently have no employees, aside from the Company s CEO and Director, Wolfgang Ruecker and our COO, Secretary and Director
Carl Podeyn.  

-3- 

       Table of Contents   

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS   

Limited
Operating History; Accumulated Deficit    

The
Company was formed and began operations on May 5, 2014. Prior to that time, the Company had no operations upon which an evaluation
of the Company and its prospects could be based. There can be no assurance that management of the Company will be successful in
selling its services to web-based merchants or that the Company will generate sufficient revenues to meet its expenses or to achieve
or maintain profitability.  

Our
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Has Expressed Substantial Doubt As To Our Ability To Continue As A Going Concern.    

Based
on our financial history since inception, our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as
to our ability to continue as a going concern. We have generated very little revenue.  If we are unable to successfully
implement our business, then we may be unable to continue to operate.  

We
Need Additional Capital To Develop Our Business.    

The
development of our services will require the commitment of substantial resources to implement our business plan. Currently, we
have no established bank-financing arrangements. We believe that our currently available capital resources may only enable the
Company to continue with our planned operations for a twelve to fifteen month period. Aside from legal and accounting expenses,
we do not currently incur many recurring operational costs. Therefore, it is likely we would need to seek additional financing
through subsequent future private offering of our equity securities, or through strategic partnerships and other arrangements
with corporate partners.  

We
cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable
to us. The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The occurrence of indebtedness would
result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financing covenants that would restrict
our operations. If adequate additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business
development plan or continue our business operations.  

Requirements
associated with being a reporting public company will require significant company resources and management attention.    

Commencing
on the effective date of the registration statement, we will be required to file certain reports with the SEC pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act. We intend to file periodic reports to maintain current information with the SEC on Forms 10-Q, 10-K
and 8-K as prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act. We work with independent legal, accounting and financial
advisors to ensure adequate disclosure and control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a company that files reports
with the SEC. These areas include corporate governance, internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting
and accounting systems. However, we cannot assure you that these and other measures we may take will be sufficient to allow us
to satisfy our obligations as an SEC reporting company on a timely basis.  

- 4 - 

       Table of Contents   

In
addition, compliance with reporting and other requirements applicable to SEC reporting companies will create additional costs
for us. It will require the time and attention of management and will require the hiring of additional personnel and legal and
other professionals. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs we may incur, the timing of such costs or
the impact that our management s attention to these matters will have on our business.  

Our
inability to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition   .   

Our
strategy envisions growing our business. Any growth in or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place a strain on
our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that we will
need to further refine and expand our business development capabilities, our systems and processes and our access to financing
sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. These processes are time consuming and expensive,
will increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. We cannot assure you that we will be able to:  

expand
our business effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner;  

allocate
our human resources optimally;   

meet
our capital needs;   

identify
and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or   

effectively
incorporate the components of any business or product line that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth.   

Our
inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition.  

We
will be required to attract and retain top quality talent to compete in the marketplace.    

We
believe our future growth and success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales
and marketing, and finance personnel. There can be no assurance of success in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages
in qualified personnel could limit our ability to compete in the marketplace.  

Our
officers may not provide their entire business efforts to the Company, which may cause the Company to fail.     

Our
future ability to execute our business plan depends upon the continued service of our executive officer, Wolfgang Ruecker.
Mr. Ruecker is also an officer and director of Global Humax Cyprus Ltd. a business that previously focused on payment systems,
but has since refocused its efforts on white label branding of credit cards. As such, Mr. Ruecker may be limited in the amount
of time he can devote to the Company.  

-5- 

       Table of Contents   

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO OUR TECHNOLOGY:   

Our
systems and our third party providers  systems may fail due to factors beyond our control, which could interrupt our service,
cause us to lose business and increase our costs.    

We
depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including systems of third parties, in order to provide
services to our clients. The systems and operations of our third party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from,
among other things, fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, security breach, computer
viruses, defects and development delays. Defects in the systems of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment
transactions, telecommunications failures or other difficulties could result in loss of revenues and clients, reputational harm,
and additional operating expenses in order to remediate the failures, fines imposed by payment networks and exposure to other
losses or other liabilities.  

The
payment processing industry is highly competitive, and we compete with certain firms that are larger and that have greater financial
resources. Such competition could adversely affect the transaction and other fees we receive from merchants and financial institutions,
and as a result, our margins, business, financial condition and results of operations.    

The
market for payment processing services is highly competitive. We compete with certain other providers of payment processing services
that have significant resources and a sizable market share in the markets in which we operate. We also face competitive pressure
from non-traditional payment processors and other market participants that have significant financial resources.  

Our
competitors include financial institutions and well-established payment processing companies.  

Competition
could result in a great difficulty attracting new clients. Furthermore, if competition causes us to reduce the fees we charge
in order to attract clients, there is no assurance we can successfully control our costs. One or more of these factors could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Furthermore,
we are facing competitive pressure from non-traditional payments processors and other parties entering the payments industry,
such as PayPal, Google, Apple, Alibaba and Amazon, who compete in processing merchant transactions. These companies have significant
financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers.  

Our
inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks could affect
our reputation among our merchant clients and cardholders and may expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities and legal claims.

In
order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business information and personal information about our merchants,
merchants  customers, vendors, partners and other parties. This information may include credit and debit card numbers, bank
account numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this
information is also processed and stored by our merchants, third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions,
and other agents (which we refer to collectively as our "associated third parties"). We have responsibility to the card
networks and their member financial institutions for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties to protect this
information.  While plans and procedures are in place to protect this sensitive data, we cannot be certain that these measures
will be successful and will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats that are designed to breach our
systems in order to gain access to confidential information.  

-6- 

       Table of Contents   

Our
computer systems are subject to penetration and our data protection measures may not prevent unauthorized access. The techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and are often difficult to
detect. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties  systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on
the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Computer viruses can be distributed
and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition, denial of service or other attacks could
be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious
activities. Our defensive measures may not prevent unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. We currently do not maintain
insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks and we may incur losses.  

We
could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes
and violation of data privacy laws. We cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy
that we impose on our service providers who have access to merchant and customer data will be followed or will be adequate to
prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. In addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective
measures to ensure the confidentiality of merchant and consumer data. The costs of systems and procedures associated with such
protective measures may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Any failure to adequately enforce
or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of
personal information of our merchants and consumers, lost revenue and reputational harm.  

Any
type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, could harm our reputation and deter existing and
prospective customers from using our services or from making electronic payments generally, increase our operating expenses in
order to contain and remediate the incident, expose us to unbudgeted or uninsured liability, disrupt our operations (including
potential service interruptions), distract our management, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, result in the imposition
of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by the card networks, and adversely affect our continued card
network registration and financial institution sponsorship.  

In
order to remain competitive, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs.    

The
electronic payments markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving
industry standards and changing customer needs. In order to remain competitive, we may need to update ClickDirectPay or even consider
creating additional mobile payment applications or services in the electronic payments industry. These projects carry the risks
associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. Any delay in the
delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render them less desirable to our customers, or possibly
even obsolete. Furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not
rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market.  

-7- 

       Table of Contents   

Any
failure to deliver an effective and secure product or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result
in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. As a result of these factors, our development efforts could result
in higher costs that could reduce our earnings in addition to a loss of revenue and earnings if promised new services are not
delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated.  

We
rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are unable
to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely
affected.     

We
rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If such financial
institutions should stop providing clearing services, we must find other financial institutions to provide those services. If
we are unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers,
which could negatively affect our revenue and earnings.  

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK   

There
is no assurance of a public market or that our common stock will ever trade on a recognized exchange. therefore, you may be unable
to liquidate your investment in our stock.    

There
is no established public trading marketing for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that one will ever develop. Market
liquidity will depend on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to
the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors
may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result,
holders of our securities may not find purchasers for our securities should they to sell securities held by them. Consequently,
our securities should be purchased only by investors having no need for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our securities
for an indefinite period of time.  

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock, and cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future.    

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, in
order to reinvest in the development and growth of our business and, therefore, do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.
However, in the future, our board of directors may declare dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital
requirements, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, investors may need to sell their shares
of our common stock to realize a return on their investment, and they may not be able to sell such shares at or above the price
paid for them. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future.  

- 8 - 

       Table of Contents   

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock, which may be subject to restrictions on marketability, so you may not be able to sell
your shares.    

We
may be subject now and in the future to the SEC s  penny stock  rules if our shares of Common Stock sell below
$5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers
to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market
value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson
compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given
to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation.  

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our
Common Stock. As long as our shares of Common Stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of Common
Stock may find it more difficult to sell their securities.  

Because
we are subject to additional regulatory compliance matters as a result of being a public company, which compliance includes Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and our management has little experience managing a public company, the failure to comply with
these regulatory matters could harm our business.    

Our
management and outside professionals will need to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives and to meeting
the obligations that are associated with being a public company. Wolfgang Ruecker, our President, has very little experience running
a public company. For now, he will rely heavily on legal counsel and accounting professionals to help with our future SEC reporting
requirements. This will likely divert needed capital resources away from the objectives of implementing our business plan. These
expenses could be more costly than we are able to bear and could result in us not being able to successfully implement our business
plan.  

We
expect rules and regulations such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will increase our legal and finance compliance costs and make some
activities more time-consuming than in the past. We may need to hire a number of additional employees with public accounting and
disclosure experience in order to meet our ongoing obligations as a public company.  

As
a smaller reporting company, our management will be required to provide a report on the effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting, but will not be required to provide an auditor s attestation regarding such report and management s
report need not be provided until our second annual report. Section 404 compliance efforts may divert internal resources and will
take a significant amount of time and effort to complete. We may not be able to successfully complete the procedures and certification
of Section 404 by the time we will be required to do so. If we fail to do so, or if in the future our management determines that
our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC
or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer, and this could cause a decline in
the market price of our stock. Furthermore, whether or not we comply with Section 404, any failure of our internal controls could
have a material adverse effect on our stated financial position and results of operations and harm our reputation. If we are unable
to implement necessary procedures or changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or
financial results.  

-9- 

       Table of Contents   

ADDITIONAL
RISK FACTORS:   

Dependence
On Key Personnel    

The
Company will be dependent on its Chief Executive Officer, Wolfgang Ruecker, for the foreseeable future. The loss of the services
of Mr. Ruecker could have a material adverse effect on the operations and prospects of the Company.  

Apart
from its officers, Mr. Ruecker and Mr. Podeyn, as of the date hereof, the Company does not have any employees and does not have
an employment agreement with Messrs. Ruecker or Podeyn. It is contemplated that the Company may enter into employment agreements
usual and customary for its industry in the future. The Company does not currently have any "key man" life insurance
on Messrs. Ruecker or Podeyn.  

Certain
of our officers and directors reside outside the United States. Therefore, certain judgments obtained against our Company by our
shareholders may not be enforceable.    

The
Company is a Florida Corporation. Wolfgang Ruecker is an officer and director and resides outside of the United States. Mr. Ruecker s
assets are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process
within the United States upon such persons or to enforce against these persons the United States federal securities laws, or to
enforce judgments obtained in United States courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws
of the United States, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.  

     We
Are An  Emerging Growth Company,  And Any Decision On Our Part To Comply Only With Certain Reduced Disclosure Requirements
Applicable To  Emerging Growth Companies  Could Make Our Common Stock Less Attractive To Investors.    

We
are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an  emerging
growth company,  we expect and fully intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable
to other public companies but not to  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
previously approved. We could be an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the
last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a  large
accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common
stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three
year period.  

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies.  We have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying
with the revised accounting standards. We have elected to rely on these exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to  emerging growth companies  and expect to continue to do so.  

-10- 

       Table of Contents   

The
Jobs Act Allows Us To Delay The Adoption Of New Or Revised Accounting Standards That Have Different Effective Dates For Public
And Private Companies.    

Since
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act, this election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.  As a result of this election,
our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.  

Our
Shares Of Common Stock Will Not Be Registered Under The Exchange Act And As A Result We Will Have Limited Reporting Duties Which
Could Make Our Common Stock Less Attractive To Investors.    

Our
shares of Common Stock are not registered under the Exchange Act. As a result, we will not be subject to the federal proxy rules
and our directors, executive officers and 10% beneficial holders will not be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In additional
our reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act may be suspended automatically if we have fewer than 300 shareholders
of record on the first day of our fiscal year. Our common shares are not registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and we do not intend to register our shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act for the foreseeable future, provided
that, we will register our shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act if we have, after the last day of our fiscal year, more
than either (i) 2000 persons; or (ii) 500 shareholders of record who are not accredited investors, in accordance with Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act. As a result, although, upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement of which this prospectus
forms a part, we will be required to file annual, quarterly, and current reports pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
as long as our shares of Common Stock are not registered under the Exchange Act, we will not be subject to Section 14 of the Exchange
Act, which, among other things, prohibits companies that have securities registered under the Exchange Act from soliciting proxies
or consents from shareholders without furnishing to shareholders and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission a proxy
statement and form of proxy complying with the proxy rules. In addition, so long as our shares of Common Stock are not registered
under the Exchange Act, our directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of 10% or more of our outstanding shares of
Common Stock will not be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires executive officers
and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of equity securities to file with the SEC
initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of shares
of Common Stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Such information about our directors, executive
officers, and beneficial holders will only be available through this (and any subsequent) Registration Statement, and periodic
reports we file thereunder. Furthermore, so long as our shares of Common Stock are not registered under the Exchange Act, our
obligation to file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be automatically suspended if, on the first day of any
fiscal year (other than a fiscal year in which a registration statement under the Securities Act has gone effective), we have
fewer than 300 shareholders of record. This suspension is automatic and does not require any filing with the SEC. In such an event,
we may cease providing periodic reports and current or periodic information, including operational and financial information,
may not be available with respect to our results of operations.  

-11- 

       Table of Contents   

Because
Our Common Stock Is Not Registered Under The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934, As Amended, Our Reporting Obligations Under Section
15(D) Of The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934, As Amended, May Be Suspended Automatically If We Have Fewer Than 300 Shareholders
Of Record On The First Day Of Our Fiscal Year.    

Our
Common Stock is not registered under the Exchange Act, and we do not intend to register our Common Stock under the Exchange Act
for the foreseeable future (provided that, we will register our Common Stock under the Exchange Act if we have, after the last
day of our fiscal year, $10,000,000 in total assets and either more than 2,000 shareholders of record or 500 shareholders of record
who are not accredited investors (as such term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in accordance with Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act).   As long as our Common Stock is not registered under the Exchange Act, our obligation to
file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be automatically suspended if, on the first day of any fiscal year (other
than a fiscal year in which a registration statement under the Securities Act has gone effective), we have fewer than 300 shareholders
of record.  This suspension is automatic and does not require any filing with the SEC.  In such an event,
we may cease providing periodic reports and current or periodic information, including operational and financial information,
may not be available with respect to our results of operations.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

Our
principal executive office is located at  200 South Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2790 ,
Miami, FL 33131, and our telephone number is (305) 714-9397. We lease our office space through a virtual office provider.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable to our Company.  

- 12 - 

       Table of Contents   

PART II  

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

There
is presently no public market for our shares of common stock. We have engaged a market maker to begin the process of
obtaining a quotation of our common stock on the OTC Markets. However, we can provide no assurance that our shares of common
stock will be quoted on the OTC Markets or, if quoted, that a public market will materialize.  

Holders
of Capital Stock   

As
of December 13, 2016, we had 30 holders of our common stock.  

Rule
144 Shares   

In
general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, an affiliate who has beneficially owned shares of a company s common stock
for at least one year is entitled to sell within any three month period a number of shares that does not exceed 1% of the number
of shares of the Company s common stock then outstanding which, in our case, would equal approximately 350,469 shares of
our common stock as of December 13, 2016.  

In
accordance with the volume and trading limitations of Rule 144 of the Act, in general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect,
a person who has beneficially owned shares of a company's common stock for at least twelve month if the Company is not subject
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Act of 1934 or six months provided that the company has been subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Act of 1934 for a minimum of 90 days, is entitled to sell within any three month period a number
of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of the number of shares of the company's common stock then outstanding, since
we are seeking to list our common stock on the OTC.  

Sales
under Rule 144 are also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public
information about the company. Under Rule 144, a person who is not one of the Company s affiliates at any time during the
three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year if the Company
has been subject to the reporting   requirements of the Securities Act of 1934 and two years if not subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, is entitled to sell shares without complying with the manner of sale, public information,
volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144.  

Registered
Securities   

We
recently registered 16,997,417 shares of our common stock pursuant to a registration statement that was deemed effective on September
12, 2016. This number represents 48.5% of our current outstanding common stock.  

- 13 - 

       Table of Contents   

Stock
Option Grants   

We
currently have not issued any stock options.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on May 5, 2014, we issued 20,000,000 shares
of our common stock to our founder, Wolfgang Ruecker, at a value of $.055 per shares in exchange for the founder paying $11,000
of Company expenses. In connection with issuance of these common shares, we recorded a subscription receivable of $11,000 which
was reflected on the accompanying balance sheet at September 30, 2014 and was received in fiscal 2015 in the form of legal and
other expenses paid by the founder.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on May 8, 2014, we issued 170,000 shares
of common stock to a consultant for marketing services rendered. These common shares were valued at a negotiated price of $.12
per share, resulting in a charge to professional fees expense in the statement of operations. The negotiated price was used to
value these shares because no market had been established for the stock, based on a lack of any prior transactions with any entity
other than the Company's founder. This resulted in a charge of $20,400 to professional fees expense in the statement of operations.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, during the period from May 5, 2014 (inception)
to September 30, 2014, we issued 9,000,000 shares of common stock to initial investors in exchange for the initial investors 
payment of the Company s legal fees and expenses totaling $50,250. In connection with issuance of these common shares, during
the period from May 5, 2014 (inception) to September 30, 2014, we reduced accounts payable by $34,875, the amount that such investors
paid for our legal fees and other expenses, and recorded a subscription receivable of $15,375 which was reflected on the accompanying
balance sheet at September 30, 2014. In October 2014, such investors paid additional legal fees and expenses on behalf of the
Company and we reduced the subscription receivable. The 9,000,000 shares of common stock were valued at a range from $.0055 to
$.0058 per common share.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, during the period from June 2014 to September
30, 2014, we issued 62,000 shares of common stock to consultants for services rendered. These common shares valued at a range
from $.08 to $.12 per common share or $5,300. The negotiated price was used to value these shares because no market had been established
for the stock, based on a lack of any prior transactions with any entity other than the Company's founder. This resulted in a
charge of $5,300 to professional fees expense in the statement of operations.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, from December 2014 to May 2015, we issued
an aggregate of 4,343,750 shares of common stock to investors at a range from $.03 to $.18 per common share for cash proceeds
of $146,000.  

-14- 

       Table of Contents   

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on April 15, 2015, we entered into an agreement
with a member of our Board of Directors. In exchange for this member s service to us as a director and Chief Operating Officer,
we issued 150,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at $.16 per share, representing the most recent cash price paid per
share, for a total value of $24,000 to the Director. The shares vest in four equal tranches every four months through April 15,
2016. We recorded compensation cost using the graded vesting method. Accordingly, we recorded compensation expense of $18,250
during the year ended September 30, 2015 to represent the vested portion and a prepaid expense of $5,750 at September 30, 2015
to represent the unvested portion.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, in July 2015, we issued 70,000 shares of
common stock valued at $.16 per common share or $11,200 to a third party vendor as part of a product development agreement. The
shares were valued at the most recent cash price paid per share. In connection with these shares, we recorded capitalized development
costs of $11,200.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on November 22, 2015, we issued 35,000
shares of common stock to an attorney for legal services rendered. The fair value of the shares were determined by using the most
recent sale price of the common stock of $0.18 per common share. In connection with issuance of these common shares, we recorded
stock-based professional fees of $6,300 over the service period.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on January 7, 2016, we issued 70,000 shares
of common stock valued at $.18 per common share or $12,600 to a third party vendor as part of a product development agreement.
The shares were valued at the most recent cash price paid per share. In connection with these shares, we recorded capitalized
development costs of $12,600.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on May 19, 2016, we issued 146,667 shares
of common stock to a vendor for services rendered. The fair value of the shares were determined to be $0.15 per common share.
In connection with issuance of these common shares, we recorded stock-based professional fees of $22,000 over the service period.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on June 16, 2016, we issued 45,000 shares
of common stock for consulting services rendered. The fair value of the 45,000 shares was determined by using the most recent
sale price of the common stock of $0.10 per common share for a fair value of $4,500. In connection with issuance of these common
shares, we recorded stock-based professional fees of $4,500 over the service period.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on June 16, 2016, we issued an aggregate
of 445,000 shares of common stock to investors at an average price of $.11 per common share for cash proceeds of $49,000.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on August 1, 2016, we issued 40,000 shares
of common stock to a vendor for services rendered. The fair value of the shares were determined to be $0.15 per common share.
In connection with issuance of these common shares, we recorded stock-based professional fees of $6,000 over the service period.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, in October 2016, we issued an aggregate
of 389,500 shares of common stock to three investors for cash proceeds of $81,200.  

- 15 - 

       Table of Contents   

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   

In
July of 2016, Tuxedo Capital Ltd., an entity controlled by Wolfgang Ruecker who is an officer and director of the Company, entered
into an agreement to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company from Cornelus Verstalen at a price of 19 cents per share for an aggregate
purchase price of $9,900. The transfer of shares did not occur until December 12, 2016.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

We
are not required to provide the information required by this item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Forward
Looking Statements   

See
Forward Statements   Cautionary Factors in Item 1 herein  

Business
Overview   

We
were incorporated on May 5, 2014 in the State of Florida. We intend to generate revenue through licensing our technology to third
parties in Europe. More specifically, we will focus our sales efforts in Germany, Austria and Spain. At this time, we have no
significant assets.  

For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated revenues of $27,585 and $19,000, including revenues from a related party
of $12,585 and $4,000, respectively. All of the related party revenues were a result of a related party service contract entered
into with Global Humax Cyprus Ltd. ( Cyprus ).  

Additionally,
for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net loss amounted to $142,463 and $61,144, respectively. Since inception, our
business activity has focused on the development of our corporate entity, business plan, marketing strategy, contact development,
website design and product design, and development of our payment gateway called  ClickDirectPay .  

Plan
of Operations   

The
Company s strategy is to engage as many third party merchants to rely on its payment system. The Company charges each merchant
a percentage of revenues, in addition to transaction fees. The Company s President will personally attempt to acquire as
many merchants to use the Company s ClickDirectPay application to drive revenues.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements, we believe that the following
accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management s discussion
and analysis.   

- 16 - 

       Table of Contents   

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual results could be affected by
those estimates. Included in these estimates are valuation of marketable securities assumptions used in determining the lives
and valuations of long-lived assets, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets and the fair value of our common stock,
which from time to time may be issued in exchange for services provided in lieu of cash.  

Marketable
Securities   

Pursuant
to ASC 320, Investments   Debt and Equity Securities, marketable securities held by us are held for an indefinite period
of time and thus are classified as available-for-sale securities. The fair value is based on quoted market prices for the investment
as of the balance sheet date. Realized investment gains and losses are included in the statement of operations, as are provisions
for other than temporary declines in the market value of available for-sale securities. Unrealized gains and unrealized losses
deemed to be temporary are excluded from earnings (losses), net of applicable taxes, as a component of other comprehensive income
(loss). Factors considered in judging whether an impairment is other than temporary include the financial condition, business
prospects and creditworthiness of the issuer, the length of time that fair value has been less than cost, the relative amount
of decline, and our ability and intent to hold the investment until the fair value recovers.  

Capitalized
Software Development Costs   

Software
development costs related to the development of our electronic payment platform software, which is developed for internal use,
falls under the accounting guidance of ASC Topic 350-40,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal Use Software , in
which computer software costs are expensed as incurred during the preliminary project stage and capitalization begins in the application
development stage once the capitalization criteria are met. Costs associated with post implementation activities are expensed
as incurred. Costs capitalized during the application development stage include external direct costs of materials and services
consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use software and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly
associated with, and who devote time to, the internal-use computer software. Once the project is substantially complete and ready
for its intended use these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the technology's estimated useful life of three years.
We have begun to amortize capitalized development costs in May 2016.   

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets   

In
accordance with ASC Topic 360, we review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. We recognizes an impairment loss when
the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is
measured as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value.   

- 17 - 

       Table of Contents   

Revenue
Recognition   

We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence
of a sale arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably
assured. Revenues consists of fees generated through the electronic processing of payment transactions and related services, and
is recognized as revenue during the period the transactions are processed or when the related services are performed. Merchants
may be charged for these processing services at a bundled rate based on a percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and,
in some instances, additional fees are charged for each transaction. Merchant customers are generally charged a flat fee per transaction,
while others may also be charged miscellaneous fees, including fees for chargebacks or returns, monthly minimums, and other miscellaneous
services. Revenues also includes any up-front fees for the work involved in implementing the basic functionality required to provide
electronic payment processing services to a customer. Revenue from such implementation fees is recognized over the term of the
related service contract. Our revenue is comprised of monthly recurring services provided to customers, for whom charges are contracted
for over a specified period of time. Payments received from customers that are related to future periods are recorded as deferred
revenue until the service is provided. 

Stock-Based
Compensation    

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of ASC Topic 718 which requires recognition
in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting
period). The Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director
services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments to consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at the
 measurement date.  The expense is recognized over the vesting period of the award. Until the measurement date is
reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. We record compensation expense based on the fair value of
the award at the reporting date.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  
( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance.
This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized. The new model
will require revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration a company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for public entities
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is not
permitted. The FASB has approved a one-year deferral of the effective date with the option to early adopt using the original effective
date. Entities may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting guidance will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern,  that will require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related
footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. In connection with each annual and interim period, management will assess if there
is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. Substantial
doubt exists if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations within one year after the issuance date.
The new standard defines substantial doubt and provides example indicators. Disclosures will be required if conditions give rise
to substantial doubt. However, management will need to assess if its plans will alleviate substantial doubt to determine the specific
disclosures. This standard is effective for public entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier application
of this standard is permitted. This standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 
No  2016-01 ,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , Financial Instruments
  Overall (Subtopic 825-10) . The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.
This guidance requires that financial assets and financial liabilities must be separately presented by measurement category
and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard includes a requirement that businesses must
report changes in the fair value of their own liabilities in other comprehensive income (loss) instead of earnings, and this is
the only provision of the update for which the FASB is permitting early adoption. We expect to adopt this guidance when effective,
and do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

-18- 

       Table of Contents   

On
March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 ( ASU 2016-09 ) to amend the accounting guidance for share-based payment
accounting. The areas for simplification in ASU 2016-09 involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption
is permitted.  

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

Results
of Operations   

Revenues    

For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had $27,585 and $19,000 in revenues, including revenues from a related party
of $12,585 and $4,000, respectively. Revenues increased due to an increase in related party revenue of $8,585. The related
party revenues are derived from the Gateway Processing Agreement the Company has in place with an affiliate, Global Humax
Cyprus Ltd. Our affiliate agreed to pay an initial set up fee for access to ClickDirectPay and will pay a continuing annual
fee and transaction processing fees under the terms of this agreement.  

Cost
of Revenues    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we had $21,813 in cost of revenues as compared to $8,189 for the year ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $13,624 or 166.4%. Cost of revenues increased primarily due to an increase in hosting and software maintenance
fees,  

Operating
Expenses    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $144,701 in operating expenses as compared to $71,674 for the year ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $73,027 or 101.9%.Operating expenses consisted of the following:  

Operating
expenses increased primarily due to  

-19- 

       Table of Contents   

Loss
from Operations    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a loss from operations of $138,929 as compared to $60,863 for the year ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $78,066. The increase of $78,066 was resulting from the discussion above.  

Other
Expenses    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred total other expenses of $3,534 as compared to $281 for the year ended September
30, 2015. The increase in other expenses was related to the recording of a loss on sale of marketable securities of $2,445 and
an increase loss from foreign currency transactions of $808.  

Net
Loss    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of $142,463 or $(0.00) per common share as compared to $61,144 or $(0.00)
per common share for the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $81,319, resulting from the discussion above.  

Unrealized
Loss on Available-for-sale Marketable Securities    

For
the year September 30, 2016, we incurred an unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities of $1,115 as compared
to $0 for the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1,115 related to our marketable securities that we invested during
fiscal 2016.  

Comprehensive
Loss    

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a comprehensive loss of $143,578 as compared to $61,144 for the year ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $82,434 resulting from the discussion above.  

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

Liquidity
is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had working capital
of $15,189 and $34,572 of cash at September 30, 2016 and working capital of $109,856 and $128,627 of cash at September 30, 2015.  

Cash
flows for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015   

Net
cash flow used in operating activities was $69,559 for the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to $11,056 for the year ended
September 30, 2015, an increase of $58,503.   

Net cash flow used
    in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2015 primarily reflected a net loss of $142,463 and the add-back
    of non-cash items consisting of stock-based compensation of $45,150, amortization of development costs of $12,611, and a loss
    on sale of marketable securities of $2,445, and changes in operating assets and liabilities of $12.698. During the year ended
    September 30, 2016, cash used in operating activities primarily consisted of payments of professional fees.   

Net cash flow used
    in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2015 primarily reflected a net loss of $61,144 and the add-back of
    non-cash items consisting of stock-based compensation of $18,250, and changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily
    consisting of an increase in prepaid expenses of $7,125, an increase in accounts payable of $11,963 and an increase in deferred
    revenues of $27,000.   

- 20 - 

       Table of Contents   

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was $73,496 for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $9,500 for the year
ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we purchased marketable securities of $19,162, and
incurred capitalized development costs of $57,500, offset by the receipt of proceeds from the sale of marketable securities
of $3,166. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we incurred capitalized development costs of $9,500.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $49,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $149,183 for the year
ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we received proceeds from the sale of common stock of
$49,000. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we received net proceeds from the sale of common stock of $146,000, and
proceeds from related party advances of $3,183.  

Cash
Requirements   

Our
management does not believe that our current capital resources will be adequate to continue operating our company and maintaining
our business strategy for much more than 12 months. At the date hereof, we have minimal cash at hand. We require additional capital
to implement our business and fund our operations.  

In
October 2016, we issued 389,500 of shares of common stocks for cash of $81,250.  

Since
inception we have funded our operations primarily through equity financings and we expect that we will continue to fund our operations
through the equity and debt financing, either alone or through strategic alliances. Additional funding may not be available on
favorable terms, if at all. We intend to continue to fund our business by way of equity or debt financing until natural revenues
can support the Company. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage
ownership of our company held by existing shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders may experience significant dilution.
In addition, new securities may contain certain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our common stock.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the working capital as needed in the future on terms acceptable to us, if at
all.  

If
we are unable to raise capital as needed, we are required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could
harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results, or cease our operations entirely, in which case, you will
lose all of your investment.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

- 2 1- 

       Table of Contents   

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

Contents   

- 22 - 

       Table of Contents   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors  

GH Capital, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of GH Capital, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

  We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

   In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
GH Capital, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended September 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.  

  The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company had net losses of approximately $142,000 and $61,000 and had net cash used in operations
of approximately $70,000 and $11,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately $280,000 at September 30, 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/ D ArelliPruzansky, P.A   

Certified
Public Accountants  
 
     Coconut
Creek, Florida 

December
16, 2016 

F-1  

       Table of Contents   

GH
CAPITAL INC.   

     BALANCE
SHEETS   

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-2 

       Table of Contents   

GH
CAPITAL INC.   

     STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-3 

       Table of Contents   

GH
CAPITAL INC.   

     STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-4 

       Table of Contents   

GH
CAPITAL INC.   

     STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-5 

       Table of Contents   

GH
CAPITAL INC.   

     NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

September
30, 2016   

NOTE
1 -  ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS      

GH
Capital Inc. (the  Company ), a Florida corporation, was formed on May 5, 2014 and commenced operations in October
2014. The Company provides online payment processing services to consumers, primarily in Europe.  

NOTE
2 -  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES     

Basis
of Presentation   

The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) and in accordance with Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
The Company s fiscal year ends on September 30, of each year.  

Going
Concern   

 These financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and
commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had net losses
of $142,463 and $61,144 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net cash used in operations were $69,559
and $11,056 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit
of $280,057 at September 30, 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern.. The Company is in the process in building its customer base and expects to generate increased revenues and the
Company is seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations in the future. Management
cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive, or raise
additional debt and/or equity capital. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of common stock, there
is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional
lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need to curtail its operations. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

   Use
of Estimates    

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual results could be affected by those estimates. Included in these estimates
are valuation of marketable securities, assumptions used in determining the useful lives and valuations of long-lived assets, valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets and the fair value of the Company s common stock, which from time to time may be issued
in exchange for services provided in lieu of cash. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The
Company uses the guidance of ASC Topic 820 for fair value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes
methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as
follows:  

Level
1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.  

Level
2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived
from or corroborated by observable market data.  

Level
3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.  

F-6 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
2 -  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments (continued)   

  The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, due to
related parties, deferred revenue   related party and deferred revenue approximate their fair market value based on the
short-term maturity of these instruments. The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented
on the balance sheets at fair value in accordance with the accounting guidance.  

  The
Company s financial instruments consist primarily of marketable securities, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and
certain accrued liabilities. Marketable securities are adjusted to fair value each balance sheet date, based on quoted
prices; which are considered level 1 inputs (see note 3). The estimated fair value is not necessarily indicative of the
amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange or from future earnings or cash flows. The fair value of
marketable securities categorized as Level 1 that are measured on a recurring basis totaled $12,436 and $0 as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

  ASC
Topic 825-10  Financial Instruments  allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain other financial assets
and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and
is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and
losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply
the fair value option to any outstanding instruments.  

   Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

  For
purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of
three months or less at the purchase date and money market accounts to be cash equivalents The Company had no cash equivalents
during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk and Revenues   

The
Company maintains its cash in financial institutions for which balances are insured up to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
limits of $250,000 per account. At times, cash balances may exceed the federally insured limits. The Company had no cash equivalents
during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Two
customers, one of which is a related party, currently account for all of the Company s revenues.  

Marketable
Securities   

Pursuant
to ASC 320, Investments   Debt and Equity Securities, marketable securities held by the Company are held for an
indefinite period of time and thus are classified as available-for-sale securities. The fair value is based on quoted market
prices for the investment as of the balance sheet date. Realized investment gains and losses are included in the statement of
operations, as are provisions for other than temporary declines in the market value of available for-sale securities.
Unrealized gains and unrealized losses deemed to be temporary are excluded from earnings (losses), net of applicable taxes,
as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Factors considered in judging whether an impairment is other than
temporary include the financial condition, business prospects and creditworthiness of the issuer, the length of time that
fair value has been less than cost, the relative amount of decline, and the Company s ability and intent to hold the
investment until the fair value recovers. Realized gains and losses and decline in value judged to be other than temporary on
available-for-sale securities are included in the statements of operations. The cost of securities sold or disposed is
determined on first-in first-out, or FIFO method.     

F-7 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
2 -  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    

Capitalized
Software Development Costs   

Software
development costs related to the development of the Company s electronic payment platform software, which is developed
for internal use, falls under the accounting guidance of ASC Topic 350-40,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal
Use Software , in which computer software costs are expensed as incurred during the preliminary project stage and
capitalization begins in the application development stage once the capitalization criteria are met. Costs associated with
post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Costs capitalized during the application development stage include
external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use software and payroll and
payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with, and who devote time to, the internal-use computer
software. Once the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use these costs are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the technology's estimated useful life of three years. In May 2016, the Company began amortizing its
capitalized development costs.   

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets   

In
accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an
impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount
of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value.   

Revenue
Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive
evidence of a sale arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability
is reasonably assured. Revenues consists of fees generated through the electronic processing of payment transactions and related
services, and is recognized as revenue during the period the transactions are processed or when the related services are performed.
Merchants may be charged for these processing services at a bundled rate based on a percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction
and, in some instances, additional fees are charged for each transaction. Merchant customers are generally charged a flat fee per
transaction, while others may also be charged miscellaneous fees, including fees for chargebacks or returns, monthly minimums,
and other miscellaneous services. Revenues also includes any up-front fees for the work involved in implementing the basic functionality
required to provide electronic payment processing services to a customer. Revenue from such implementation fees is recognized over
the term of the related service contract. The Company s revenue is comprised of monthly recurring services provided to customers,
for whom charges are contracted for over a specified period of time. Payments received from customers that are related to future
periods are recorded as deferred revenue until the service is provided. 

Stock-Based
Compensation    

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of ASC Topic 718 which requires recognition
in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting
period). The Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director
services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments to consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at
the measurement date defined as the earlier of a) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to
earn the equity instruments is reached or b) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. The expense
is recognized over the vesting period of the award. Until the measurement date is reached, the total amount of compensation
expense remains uncertain. The Company records compensation expense based on the fair value of the award at the reporting
date. The awards to consultants and other third-parties are then revalued, or the total compensation is recalculated, based
on the then current fair value, at each subsequent reporting date.  

Research
and Development   

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred.     

F-8 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
2 -  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    

Income
Taxes    

The
Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and
tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates
in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Temporary differences between taxable income
reported for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes consist primarily of timing differences such as stock-based
compensation and deferred revenue. A valuation allowance is provided against net deferred tax assets when the Company determines
it is more likely than not that it will fail to generate sufficient taxable income to be able to realize the deferred tax assets.  

The
Company follows the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes using the provisions of ASC740,  Income Taxes . Using
that guidance, tax positions initially need to be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position
will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had no uncertain
tax positions that qualify for either recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. The Company s 2014 to
2016 tax returns are subject to examination. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions
in other expense. However, no such interest and penalties were recorded during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Loss
per Common Share and Common Share Equivalent    

Basic
loss per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted (loss) income per share reflects the
potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the income of the Company. The Company had no
dilutive securities outstanding during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Foreign
Currency Transactions   

  The
reporting and functional currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated
into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date with
any transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than
the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. Transaction gains or losses have not had, and are
not expected to have, a material effect on the results of operations of the Company.  

   Recently
Issued Accounting Standards    

From
time to time, the FASB or other standards setting bodies will issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB ASC are
communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ).  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  
( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance.
This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized. The new model
will require revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration a company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for public entities
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is not
permitted. The FASB has approved a one-year deferral of the effective date with the option to early adopt using the original effective
date. Entities may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting guidance will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.   

F-9 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
2 -  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards (continued)   

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern,  that will require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to
provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. In connection with each annual and interim period, management
will assess if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the issuance date. Substantial doubt exists if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations
within one year after the issuance date. The new standard defines substantial doubt and provides example indicators.
Disclosures will be required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt. However, management will need to assess if its
plans will alleviate substantial doubt to determine the specific disclosures. This standard is effective for public entities
for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier application of this standard is permitted. This standard is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 
No  2016-01 ,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , Financial Instruments
  Overall (Subtopic 825-10) . The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.
This guidance requires that financial assets and financial liabilities must be separately presented by measurement category
and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard includes a requirement that businesses must
report unrealized gains and losses in the fair value of available for sale marketable securities in current period earnings instead
of other comprehensive income or loss. The Company expects to adopt this guidance when effective, and does not expect this guidance
to have a significant impact on its financial statements. 

On
March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.2016-09 ( ASU 2016-09 ) to amend the accounting guidance for
share-based payment accounting. The areas for simplification in ASU 2016-09 involve several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted.  

  Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

   NOTE
3    MARKETABLE SECURITIES    

The
Company classifies its marketable securities as available-for-sale securities, which are carried at their fair value based
on the quoted market prices of the securities with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, reported as
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of stockholders  equity. Realized gains and losses
on available-for-sale securities are included in net earnings in the period earned or incurred. The Company did not have any
short-term investments as of September 30, 2015. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, realized losses from the
sale of available-for-sale securities were $2.445 and zero, respectively.  

The
following summarizes the carrying value of marketable securities as of September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

F-10 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 4    CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT COSTS   

At September 30, 2016
and 2015, capitalized software development costs, net consisted of the following: 

For the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded amortization expense of $12,611 and $0, respectively. The Company reviewed it
capitalized software development costs for impairments. Based on this review, during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company did not record any impairment losses. 

NOTE
5  -  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS     

On March 30, 2015, the Company entered into
a services contract with Global Humax Cyprus Ltd. ( Cyprus ), a company owned by the Company s chief executive
officer. Under the terms of the contract, the Company will provide services to Cyprus for a period of two years from the date of
the agreement. During fiscal 2015, the Company received payments under the contract totaling $16,000. In connection with this agreement
during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company, recognized revenues related party of $8,000 and $4,000, respectively,
and at September 30, 2016, the Company had deferred revenue   related party of $4,000 which is being recognized as revenue
over the remaining term of the agreement. Additionally, the Company earns fees from the processing of payment transactions and
related services from Cyprus. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, aggregate revenues   related party amount
to $12,585 and $4,000, and at September 30, 2016 and 2015, deferred revenue   related party amounted to $4,000 and $12,000,
respectively.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2015, Cyprus paid various general and administrative expenses on behalf of the Company in the amount
of $3,173. These advances are non-interest bearing and are due on demand. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed Cyprus
$3,173 and $3,173, respectively.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced $10 to the Company for working capital
purpose. The advance is non-interest bearing and payable on demand. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed its Chief
Executive Officer $10 and $10, respectively.  

In
addition to stock-based compensation (see Note 5), for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid
cash compensation to a member of its board of directors in the amount of $12,200 and $4,800 in connection with a written
agreement with the director, respectively.  

NOTE
6  -  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

Preferred
Stock   

The
Company has 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized. Preferred stock may be issued in one or more series. The Company s
board of directors is authorized to issue the shares of preferred stock in such series and to fix from time to time before issuance
thereof the number of shares to be included in any such series and the designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series. No shares of preferred
stock have been issued as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Common
Stock   

From
December 2014 to May 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,343,750 shares of common stock to investors at a range from $.03
to $.18 per common share for cash proceeds of $146,000.  

On
April 15, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with a member of its Board of Directors. In exchange for this member s
service to the Company as a director and Chief Operating Officer, the Company issued 150,000 shares of restricted common stock
valued at $.16 per share, representing the most recent cash price paid per share, for a total value of $24,000 to the Director.
The shares vest in four equal tranches every four months through April 15, 2016. The Company recorded compensation cost using
the graded vesting method. Accordingly, the Company recorded compensation expense of $5,750 and $18,250 during the year ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

In
July 2015, the Company issued 70,000 shares of common stock valued at $.16 per common share or $11,200 to a third party vendor
as part of a product development agreement. The shares were valued at the most recent cash price paid per share. In connection
with these shares, the Company recorded capitalized development costs of $11,200.  

On
November 22, 2015, the Company issued 35,000 shares of common stock to an attorney for legal services rendered. The fair
value of the shares was determined by using the most recent sale price of the common stock of $0.18 per common share. In
connection with issuance of these common shares, for the nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded stock-based
professional fees of $6,300.  

F-11 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
5 -  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (continued)    

Common
Stock (continued)   

On
January 7, 2016, the Company issued 70,000 shares of common stock valued at $.18 per common share or $12,600 to a third party
vendor as part of a product development agreement. The shares were valued at the most recent cash price paid per share. In connection
with these shares, the Company recorded capitalized development costs of $12,600.  

On
May 19, 2016, the Company issued 146,667 shares of common stock for accounting services rendered. The fair value of the 146,667
shares was determined by using the most recent sale price of the common stock of $0.15 per common share for a fair value of $22,000.
In connection with issuance of these common shares, for the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded stock-based professional
fees of $16,000 and a prepaid expense of $6,000 which will be recorded as stock-based professional fees over the remaining service
period.  

On
June 16, 2016, the Company issued 45,000 shares of common stock for consulting services rendered. The fair value of the 45,000
shares was determined by using the most recent sale price of the common stock of $0.10 per common share for a fair value of $4,500.
In connection with issuance of these common shares, for the nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded stock-based
professional fees of $4,500.  

On
June 16, 2016, the Company issued 445,000 of shares of common stocks for cash of $49,000.  

Effective August 1, 2016, the Company entered
into a twelve month consulting agreement with an investor relations firm for investor relations services. In connection with this
consulting agreement, the Company shall compensate the consultant for services rendered 1) cash of $2,000 per month for the first
three months then $2,500 per month thereafter and 2) Monthly restricted stock for consulting and services fees paid in advance
of services each month to consultant will be $6,000 per month; Such fee will be calculated and valued at the lower of the trailing
5-day volume-weighted average price or the closing price on the last day of each month. On August 1, 2016 and September 30, 2016,
in connection with this agreement, the Company issued 40,000 and 40,000 shares of restricted stock to the consultant, respectively.
The shares were valued at their fair value of $12,000 using the recent sale price of the common stock on the dates of grant of
$0.15 per common share. 

NOTE
7  -  INCOME TAXES    

The
Company maintains deferred tax assets and liabilities that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The net deferred
tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance because of the uncertainty of the attainment of future taxable income.
The Company did not have an income tax provision or benefit for the year ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company has incurred
losses and therefore has provided a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
items accounting for the difference between income taxes at the effective statutory rate and the provision for income taxes for
the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

The
Company s approximate net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

F-12 

       Table of Contents   

NOTE
7  -  INCOME TAXES (continued)    

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of $280,057 for income tax purposes, which expire in
varying amounts through 2036. The amount of any benefit from the Company s U.S. tax net operating losses is dependent on:
(1) its ability to generate future taxable income, and (2) the unexpired amount of net operating loss carryforwards
available to offset amounts payable on such taxable income. Any change in ownership greater than fifty percent under IRC section
382 places significant annual limitations on the use of the Company s U.S. net operating losses to offset any future taxable
U.S. income that may be generated.  

The
valuation allowance increased by $54,848 and $23,540 for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

NOTE
7  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

In
October 2016, the Company issued 389,500 of shares of common stock for cash of $81,250.  

Pursuant to a twelve month consulting
agreement effective August 1, 2016 with an investor relations firm for investor relations services, on October 1, 2016, the Company
issued 40,000 shares of restricted stock to the consultant. The shares were valued at their fair value of $6,000 using the recent
sale price of the common stock on the dates of grant of $0.15 per common share.  

F-13 

       Table of Contents   

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports,
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in
a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  

As
required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below.  

To
address these material weaknesses, management engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures
to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.   

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ( ICFR )
for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

- 23 - 

       Table of Contents   

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2016. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled
 2013 Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Tread way Commission. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such
internal controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016 and that material weaknesses in ICFR existed as
more fully described below.  

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused
management to conclude that as of September 30, 2016 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at the
reasonable assurance level:  

1.       We
do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended
September 30, 2016. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and
procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted
represented a material weakness.  

2.       We
do not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricts the Company s ability to gather, analyze and
properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. In addition, due to our size and nature, segregation
of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the
initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and
procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness.  

3.       We
do not have personnel with sufficient experience with United States generally accepted accounting principles to address complex
transactions.  

4.       We
have inadequate controls to ensure that information necessary to properly record transactions is adequately communicated on a
timely basis from non-financial personnel to those responsible for financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact of the
lack of timely communication between non financial personnel and financial personnel on our assessment of our reporting
controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represented a material weakness.  

5.       We
have determined that oversight over our external financial reporting and internal control over our financial reporting is ineffective.
The Chief Financial Officer has not provided adequate review of the Company s SEC s filings and consolidated financial
statements and has not provided adequate supervision and review of the Company s accounting personnel or oversight of the
independent registered accounting firm s audit of the Company s consolidated financial statement.  

- 24 - 

       Table of Contents   

We
have taken steps to remediate some of the weaknesses described above, including by engaging a financial reporting advisor with
expertise in accounting for complex transactions. We intend to continue to address these weaknesses as resources permit.  

Notwithstanding
the assessment that our ICFR was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our
consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the years covered thereby in all material respects.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the report.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our
internal control over financial reporting has not changed during the fourth quarter covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

-25- 

       Table of Contents   

PART III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

Our
current directors, executive officers and key employees are listed below. The number of directors is determined by the Board.
All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the board or until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.
Officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the
discretion of the Board.  

Name   
       Age   
       Position    
 
      Wolfgang Ruecker  
      39  
      President, Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Carl Podeyn  
      43  
      Secretary, Chief
    Operating Officer  and Director   

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past
five years.  

Wolfgang
Ruecker  is the founder of GH Capital Inc., and has been the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer and Director,
since inception. Prior to this, Mr. Ruecker co-founded Global Humax Cypress in 2008, a payment processing provider in Europe.
He continues to serve as a director and officer of Global Humax Cypress. Mr. Ruecker has over 15 years of experience in the financial
services industry as a venture capitalist.  

Carl
Podeyn  is the Secretary, Chief Operating Officer (CEO) and Director of the Company. He has served in these roles since April
15, 2015. Mr. Podeyn was employed by Capital One from 2012 to 2015. In these roles he specialized in billing disputes and fraud
investigations. Prior to this, he was a loss mitigation specialist with IBM Global Business Services. Mr. Podeyn has a BA in Liberal
Studies from Portland State University.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

None
of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:  

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending
    criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);   

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
    the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general
    partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;   

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
    not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently
    or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities,
    futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged
    in any such activity;   

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
    in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
    or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;   

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal
    or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not
    including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or
    state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
    including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
    or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail
    or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction
    or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26)
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act )), any registered entity (as defined in Section
    1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
    authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

- 26 - 

       Table of Contents   

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,  none of our directors or
executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission.  

Term
of Office   

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.  

Employment
Agreements   

Mr.
Ruecker is not subject to any formal employment agreement. He has agreed to provide services to us without compensation until
such time as either we have earnings from revenue, at which time we will re-consider paying them salaries.  

On
April 15, 2015, we entered into an agreement with Mr. Podeyn. In exchange for his service to the Company as a director, we issued
150,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at $.16 per share, representing the most recent cash price paid per share at
that time, for a total value of $24,000 to Mr. Podeyn. The shares vested in four equal tranches every four months through April
15, 2016.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION   

The
following sets forth information with respect to the compensation awarded or paid to Wolfgang Ruecker, our President and Chief
Executive Officer and Carl Podeyn,our Chief Operating Officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us in fiscal year
2015 and 2016. These executive officers are referred to as the  named executive officers  throughout this report.  

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers
for fiscal year 2015 and 2016.   

- 27 - 

       Table of Contents   

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table   

We
had no outstanding equity awards as of the end of fiscal year 2016.  

Compensation
of Directors   

Other
than compensation expense disclosed above, our directors receive no other compensation.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.   

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   

None.  

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 13, 2016 with respect to the holdings of: (1) each person known
to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock; (2) each of our directors, nominees for director and named
executive officers; and (3) all directors and executive officers as a group. Each of the persons named in the table below as beneficially
owning the shares set forth therein has sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to such shares, unless otherwise
indicated.  

- 28 - 

       Table of Contents   

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.   

Transactions
with Related Persons   

On
March 30, 2015, the Company entered into a services contract with Global Humax Cyprus Ltd. ( Cyprus ), a related
party. Cyprus is related to the Company since Mr. Ruecker owns and operates Cyprus. Under the terms of the contract, the
Company will provide services to Cyprus for a period of two years from the date of the agreement. The services include, but
are not limited to: i) providing Cyprus with access to ClickDirectPay, and ii) providing consulting services to Cyprus. A
copy of the agreement has been filed as an exhibit hereto. To date, the Company has received payments under the contract
totaling $16,000, which is being recognized as revenue over the term of the agreement. For the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, revenues   related party amount to $12,585 and $4,000, and at September 30, 2016 and 2015, deferred revenue
  related party amounted to $4,000 and $12,000, respectively.  

In
addition to stock-based compensation, for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid cash compensation to a member of
our board of directors in the amount of $12,200 and $4,800 in connection with a written agreement with the director, respectively.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on May 5, 2014, we issued 20,000,000 shares
of our common stock to our founder, Wolfgang Ruecker, at a value of $.055 per shares in exchange for the founder paying $11,000
of Company expenses. In connection with issuance of these common shares, we recorded a subscription receivable of $11,000 which
was reflected on the accompanying balance sheet at September 30, 2014 and was received in fiscal 2015 in the form of legal and
other expenses paid by the founder.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, during the period from May 5, 2014 (inception)
to September 30, 2014, we issued 9,000,000 shares of common stock to initial investors in exchange for the initial investors 
payment of the Company s legal fees and expenses totaling $50,250. In connection with issuance of these common shares, during
the period from May 5, 2014 (inception) to September 30, 2014, we reduced accounts payable by $34,875, the amount that such investors
paid for our legal fees and other expenses, and recorded a subscription receivable of $15,375 which was reflected on the accompanying
balance sheet at September 30, 2014. In October 2014, such investors paid additional legal fees and expenses on behalf of the
Company and we reduced the subscription receivable. The 9,000,000 shares of common stock were valued at a range from $.0055 to
$.0058 per common share.  

Pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, on April 15, 2015, we entered into an agreement
with a member of our Board of Directors. In exchange for this member s service to us as a director and Chief Operating Officer,
we issued 150,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at $.16 per share, representing the most recent cash price paid per
share at that time, for a total value of $24,000 to the Director. The shares vest in four equal tranches every four months through
April 15, 2016. We recorded compensation cost using the graded vesting method. Accordingly, we recorded compensation expense of
$5,750 and $18,250 during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,respectively.  

Director
Independence   

We
do not have any independent directors. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we
have used the definition of   independence   of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination.  NASDAQ
Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an   independent director   is a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors,
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.  The NASDAQ
listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if:  

- 29 - 

       Table of Contents   

the
    director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company;   

the director or
    a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of $120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive
    months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other
    things, compensation for board or board committee service);   

a family member
    of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of  the company;   

the director or
    a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which
    the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
    5% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or $200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain
    exclusions);   

the director or
    a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
    years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or   

the director or
    a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past
    three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit.   

Neither
Wolfgang Reucker nor Carl Podeyn are considered independent because each is an executive officer of the Company.  

We
do not currently have a separately designated audit, nominating or compensation committee.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

D Arelli
Pruzansky, P.A. has served as our independent registered public accountants for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Audit
Fees   

For
the Company s fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we were billed approximately $16,500 for professional services
rendered by our independent auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements.  

Audit
Related Fees   

There
were no fees for audit related services rendered by our independent auditors or the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Tax
Fees   

For
the Company s fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our
independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.  

- 30 - 

       Table of Contents   

All
Other Fees   

The
Company did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our independent auditors for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

Pre-Approval
Policies   

Effective
May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render
any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be:  

-
approved by our audit committee; or  

-
entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures
are detailed as to the particular  service,  the  audit committee is informed of each service, and
such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities to management.  

We
do not have an audit committee.  Our entire board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent
auditors.  

All
of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire board of directors before the respective services were
rendered.  

-31- 

       Table of Contents   

PART IV   

     Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   

a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report   

1.
Financial Statements  

2.
Financial Statement Schedules  

3.
Exhibits  

(3)
EXHIBITS. The following exhibits required by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents:  

Exhibit
    No.   
         
       Description    
 
      3.1(1)  
         
      Articles of Incorporation   
 
      3.2(1)  
         
      Bylaws   
 
     10.1(2) 
         
     Letter of Intent with Akshar Technologies Ltd.  
 
      10.2(2)  
         
      Addendum to Letter of Intent with Akshar Technologies Ltd.   
 
      10.3(2)  
       
     Director Agreement with Carl Podeyn  
 
      10.4(2)  
       
     Gateway Processing Agreement between the Company and Global Humax Cyprus Ltd.  
 
      10.5(2)  
       
     Investor Relations Consulting Agreement  
 
     31.1 
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1*  
         
       Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    
 
      101.INS*  
         
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   
 
      101.CAL*  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF*  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB*  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE*  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

(1)     Incorporated by reference to the Company s previously filed Form S-1 Registration Statement, on June
2, 2016.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

(2)  Incorporated by reference to the Company s previously filed Form S-1 Registration Statement, amendment
2, on August 26, 2016  

+  In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 is being furnished and not filed.  

*  In accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this report
                                                                                 shall be deemed  furnished  and not  filed.   

- 32 - 

       Table of Contents   

SIGNATURE   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, there onto duly authorized, in the City of Miami, State of Florida, on December 19, 2016.  

GH
    CAPITAL INC.    

Date: December 19,
    2016  
         
      By:  
      /s/Wolfgang Ruecker   

Wolfgang Ruecker   

Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by
the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated:  

Signature 

Title 
     Date  

/s/Wolfgang Ruecker 
     President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Director 
     December 19, 2016  
 
     Wolfgang Ruecker 

/s/Carl Podeyn 
     Chief Operating Officer and Director 
     December 19, 2016  

Carl Podeyn 

- 33 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ghci-20160930_10kex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.SC. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wolfgang Ruecker, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GH Capital,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation;    

d)    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting;    

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.\    

Dated: December 19, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Wolfgang Ruecker    

Wolfgang Ruecker   

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ghci-20160930_10kex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.SC. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of GH
Capital Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Wolfgang Ruecker, chief executive officer and chief financial
officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)    
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 19, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Wolfgang Ruecker   

Wolfgang Ruecker 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 ghci-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 ghci-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ghci-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ghci-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ghci-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ghci-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

