<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_103096_0001511284-16-000152_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7653933</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112551</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>398797</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2522605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3343467</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1140552</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001511284-16-000152.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103074715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001511284-16-000152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRC COMPANIES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING SERVICES [8711]
		IRS NUMBER:				060853807
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09947
		FILM NUMBER:		161970172

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 GRIFFIN ROAD NORTH
		CITY:			WINDSOR
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06095
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8602986212

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 GRIFFIN ROAD NORTH
		CITY:			WINDSOR
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06095

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VAST INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19761201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001511284-16-000152.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 trr-10qf201709302016.htm
 10-Q TRC COMPANIES, INC. SEPTEMBER 2016

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  x     Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
  o   Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
  Commission file number 1-9947 
  TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    06-0853807 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

21 Griffin Road North 

Windsor, Connecticut 
      
    06095 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (860) 298-9692 
  ___________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   YES [X]    NO [  ]  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   YES [X]    NO [  ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer [  ] 
    Accelerated filer [X] 
    Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
    Smaller reporting company [  ] 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).                                                            YES [   ]    NO [X] 
  On October 17, 2016 there were 31,390,002 shares of the registrant's common stock, $.10 par value, outstanding  . 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONTENTS OF QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

PART I - Financial Information  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
     3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
     4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
     5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
     6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
     7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8 

Item 2.  
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     26 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     38 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
     38 

PART II - Other Information  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
     39 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
     39 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     39 

Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     39 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
     39 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
     39 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
     39 

Signature  
      
     40 

Exhibits 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I:  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited)  

See   accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except share data) 
  (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    5 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    6 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    7 

Table of Contents  

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1.  Company Background and Basis of Presentation 
  TRC Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"), provides integrated engineering, consulting, and construction management services. Its project teams help its commercial and governmental clients implement environmental, power, infrastructure and oil and gas related projects from initial concept to delivery and operation. The Company provides its services almost entirely in the United States of America. 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") have been omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, but the Company's management believes that the disclosures included herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016  . 

Note 2.  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standards update which simplifies employee share-based payment accounting.  This standard simplifies the income tax consequences, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard requires that, prospectively, all tax effects related to share-based payments be made through the income statement at the time of settlement as opposed to excess tax benefits being recognized in additional paid-in-capital under the current guidance. The standard also removes the requirement to delay recognition of a tax benefit until it reduces current taxes payable. This change is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings. Additionally, all tax related cash flows resulting from share-based payments are to be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows, a change from the current requirement to present tax benefits as an inflow from financing activities and an outflow from operating activities. Finally, entities will be allowed to withhold an amount up to the employees  maximum individual tax rate (as opposed to the minimum statutory tax rate) in the relevant jurisdiction without resulting in liability classification of the award. The change in withholding requirements will be applied on a modified retrospective approach. This standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard effective for its first quarter of fiscal 2017.  The impact of the early adoption resulted in the following: 

The Company recorded a tax deficiency of   $6   within income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to the tax shortfall on share based awards. Prior to adoption this amount would have been recorded as a decrease of capital in excess of par value. This change could create volatility in the Company's effective tax rate. 

The Company no longer reflects the cash received from the excess tax benefit within cash flows from financing activities but instead now reflects this benefit within cash flows from operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company elected to apply this change in presentation prospectively and thus prior periods have not been adjusted. 

The Company elected not to change its policy on accounting for forfeitures and continues to estimate the total number of awards for which the requisite service period will not be rendered. 
     
    8 

     Table of Contents  

The Company s statutory withholding requirements have been updated to allow withholding up to the Company's maximum statutory withholding requirements in relevant jurisdictions. 

The Company excluded the excess tax benefits from the assumed proceeds available to repurchase shares in the computation of our diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This increased diluted weighted average common shares outstanding by less than   24   shares for the period. 
       
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which will replace most existing lease accounting guidance. This standard establishes a right-of-use model that requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period. This standard will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning July 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted and should be applied using a modified retrospective approach.   The Company is in the process of evaluating the potential impacts of this standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, including potential early adoption. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that replaces existing revenue recognition guidance. The updated guidance requires companies to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the new standard requires that reporting companies disclose the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  In March 2016, the FASB further clarified the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The new standard will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning July 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted under this standard for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and it is to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of initial application. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the effect the standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3.  Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company's financial assets or liabilities are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy.  The classification of a financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are as follows: 
  Level 1 Inputs   - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. Generally, this includes debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded on an active exchange market (e.g., the New York Stock Exchange) as well as certain U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in over-the-counter markets. 
  Level 2 Inputs   - Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets; or valuations based on models where the significant inputs are observable (e.g., interest rates, yield curves, credit risks) or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3 Inputs   - Valuations based on models where significant inputs are not observable. The unobservable inputs reflect the Company's own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use. 
  
    9 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the level within the fair value hierarchy at which the Company's financial assets and certain liabilities were measured on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  :  
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis as of   September 30, 2016    

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis as of   June 30, 2016    

A majority of the Company's investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level 1 or Level 2 investments, as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable input for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by the pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair value in the market in which the investment trades.  The Company's broker priced investments are classified as Level 2 investments because the broker prices the investment based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. The Company's restricted investment financial assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016   are included within current and long-term restricted investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.   
  The Company's long-term debt is not measured at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of debt is the estimated amount the Company would have to pay to transfer its debt, including any premium or discount attributable to the difference between the stated interest rate and market rate of interest at the balance sheet date. Fair values are based on valuations of similar debt at the balance sheet date and supported by observable market transactions when available: Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  At   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016   the fair value of the Company's debt was not materially different than its carrying value.  
  
    10 

     Table of Contents  

Reclassification adjustments for realized gains or losses from available for sale restricted investment securities out of accumulated other comprehensive income are included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations within the insurance recoverables and other income line item. 
  The Company's contingent consideration liabilities, included in other accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, are associated with the acquisitions made in the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2015  . The liabilities are measured at fair value using a probability weighted average of the potential payment outcomes that would occur should certain contract metrics be reached. There is no market data available to use in valuing the contingent consideration; therefore, the Company developed its own assumptions related to the achievement of the metrics to evaluate the fair value of these liabilities. As such, the contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 as described below. 
  Items classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy, consisting of contingent consideration liabilities related to recent acquisitions, were valued based on various estimates, including probability of success, discount rates and amount of time until the conditions of the contingent payments are achieved. The table below presents a roll-forward of the contingent consideration liabilities valued using Level 3 inputs: 

Note 4.  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  The Company has   two   plans under which outstanding stock-based awards have been issued: the TRC Companies, Inc. Restated Stock Option Plan (the "Restated Plan"), and the Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2007 Plan"), (collectively "the Plans"). The Company issues new shares or may utilize treasury shares, when available, to satisfy awards under the Plans. Awards are made by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors; however, the Compensation Committee has delegated to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") the authority to grant awards for up to   10   shares to employees subject to a limitation of   100   shares in any   12   month period. 
    
  Stock-based awards under the Plans consist of stock options, restricted stock awards ("RSA's"), restricted stock units ("RSU's") and performance stock units ("PSU's"). As of   September 30, 2016  ,   1,915   shares remained available for grants under the 2007 Plan. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  The Company measures stock-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based compensation expense includes the estimated effects of forfeitures, and estimates of forfeitures will be adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures will be recognized in the period of change and will also impact the amount of expense to be recognized in future periods. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

During the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense in cost of services ("COS") and general and administrative expenses within the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows: 

Stock Options 
    
  The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model for determining the estimated grant date fair value for stock options. The fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. Use of a valuation model requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected life of the employee stock options. The average expected life is based on the contractual term of the option and expected employee exercise and historical post-vesting employment termination experience. The Company estimates the volatility of its stock using historical volatility in accordance with current accounting guidance. Management determined that historical volatility of TRC common stock is most reflective of market conditions and the best indicator of expected volatility. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company's historical and expected dividend payouts. There were no stock options granted during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  .  

A summary of stock option activity for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   under the Plans is as follows:  

The aggregate intrinsic value is measured using the fair market value at the date of exercise (for options exercised) or as of   September 30, 2016   (for outstanding options), less the applicable exercise price. The closing price of the Company's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was   $8.67   as of   September 30, 2016  . The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   was   $0   and   $87  , respectively. The total proceeds received from option exercises for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   was   $0   and   $31  , respectively. 
    
  Restricted Stock Awards 
    
  Compensation expense for RSA's is recognized ratably over the vesting term, which is generally   four years  . The fair value of the RSA's is determined based on the closing market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date.   
  
    12 

     Table of Contents  

There was   1   non-vested RSA as of   September 30, 2016  . There were   no   RSA's granted during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $1   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSA's under the Plans, and this expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   0.2   years. 

Restricted Stock Units 
    
  Compensation expense for RSU's is recognized ratably over the vesting term, which is generally   four years  . The fair value of RSU's is determined based on the closing market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date.  
    
  A summary of non-vested RSU activity for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

RSU grants totaled   517   shares with a total weighted-average grant date fair value of   $3,188   during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . RSU grants totaled   13   shares with a total weighted-average grant date fair value of   $150   during the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015  . The total fair value of RSU's vested during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $966  . The total fair value of RSU's vested during the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015   was   $2,781  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $7,862   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSU's under the Plans, and this expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   3.2   years. 
    
  Performance Stock Units 
    
  Compensation expense for PSU's is recognized ratably over the vesting term, which is generally   four years  , if and when the Company concludes that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company reassesses the probability of vesting at each reporting period for awards with performance conditions and adjusts compensation expense based on its probability assessment. The fair value of the PSU's is determined based on the closing market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date.  
    
  The number of PSU's earned is determined based on the Company's performance against predefined targets. The range of payout is   zero   to   150%   of the number of granted PSU's. The number of PSU's earned is determined based on actual performance at the end of the performance period. PSU grants totaled   512   and   0   with a total weighted-average grant date fair value of   $3,152   and   $0   during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively. The total fair value of PSU's vested during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was   $1,095  . The total fair value of PSU's vested during the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015  , was   $2,191  .  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $7,452   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested PSU's; this expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.8   years. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of non-vested PSU activity for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

(1)  
    Represents the additional number of PSU's issued based on the final performance condition achieved at the end of the respective performance period.  

Note 5.  Earnings per Share 
    
  Basic earnings per share ("EPS") is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the treasury stock method for stock options, warrants, non-vested restricted stock awards and units, and non-vested performance stock units. The treasury stock method assumes conversion of all potentially dilutive shares of common stock with the proceeds from assumed exercises used to hypothetically repurchase stock at the average market price for the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income applicable to the Company by the weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period.  
    
  The following table sets forth the computations of basic and diluted EPS for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  : 

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 6.  Accounts Receivable 
    
  The current portion of accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , were comprised of the following:  

Note 7.  Other Accrued Liabilities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , other accrued liabilities were comprised of the following: 

Note 8.  Business Acquisitions, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Fiscal 2016 Acquisition 
    
  On   November 30, 2015  , the Company acquired the Professional Services business ("Oil and Gas") of Willbros Group ("Willbros") in an all cash transaction. The   $124,498   purchase price consisted of (i) an initial cash payment of   $119,955   paid at closing, and, (ii) a second cash payment due of   $7,500   payable at the earlier of certain Willbros contract novations (or written approval of a subcontract) and Willbros obtaining certain consents, or March 15, 2016, net of a working capital adjustment due from Willbros of   $2,957  . The second cash payment was made in two tranches, with   $2,354   paid in March 2016 and the remaining balance paid in July 2016 in conjunction with the final net working capital settlement.  Goodwill of   $60,294  , all of which is expected to be tax deductible, and other intangible assets of   $44,500   were recorded as a result of this acquisition. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the Oil and Gas assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, as well as measurement period adjustments: 

Customer relationships and backlog represent the fair value of existing contracts and the underlying customer relationships.  The backlog has a   1   year life and customer relationships have lives ranging from   12 years   to   15 years   (weighted average lives of   6 years  ).  The internally developed software has a life of approximately   5 years   (weighted average life of   5 years  ). 
    
  The goodwill recognized is attributable to the future strategic growth opportunities arising from the acquisition, Oil and Gas's highly skilled assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, and the expected cost synergies of the combined operations.  
    
  The unaudited pro forma financial information summarized in the following table gives effect to the Oil and Gas acquisition assuming it occurred on July 1, 2014.  These unaudited pro forma operating results do not assume any impact from revenue, cost or other operating synergies that are expected as a result of the acquisition.  Pro forma adjustments have been made to reflect amortization of the identified intangible assets for the related periods, as well as the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs incurred.  Identifiable intangible assets are being amortized on a basis approximating the economic value derived from those assets. These unaudited pro forma operating results are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved had the acquisition occurred on July 1, 2014, nor does the information project results for any future period.  

16 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill 
    
  The Company assesses goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of each fiscal April period end, or at an interim date when events or changes in the business environment would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $75,337   of goodwill, and does not believe there were any events or changes in circumstances since the last goodwill assessment as of April 29, 2016 that would indicate the fair value of goodwill was more likely than not reduced to below its carrying value. Accordingly, goodwill was not tested for impairment during the current fiscal quarter. 
    
  The carrying amount of goodwill for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   by operating segment are as follows:   

Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Identifiable intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016   are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and were comprised of: 

Identifiable intangible assets with determinable lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are also reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be realizable. 
    
  Identifiable intangible assets with determinable lives are being amortized over a weighted-average period of approximately   7   years. The weighted-average period of amortization is approximately   7   years for customer relationship assets. The amortization of intangible assets for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $2,716  . The amortization of intangible assets for the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015   was   $840  . 

17 

     Table of Contents  

Estimated amortization expense of intangible assets for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and succeeding fiscal years is as follows:  

On an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired, the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is evaluated by the Company to determine if an impairment charge is required. The Company performed its most recent annual impairment assessment as of April 29, 2016, which resulted in no impairments to intangible assets. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate the fair value of intangible assets was reduced to below its carrying value during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , and therefore intangible assets were not tested for impairment. 

Note 9.  Long-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On November 30, 2015, the Company entered into a   five  -year credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Citizens Bank, N.A. as lender, LC issuer, administrative agent, sole lead arranger, and sole book runner; BMO Harris Bank, N.A. as lender, LC issuer and syndication agent; KeyBank, N.A. as lender and document agent, and   five   other banks as lenders.  The Credit Agreement provides the Company with an aggregate borrowing capacity of   $175,000  , consisting of a   $100,000     five  -year secured revolving credit facility ( Revolving Facility ) with a sub-limit of   $15,000   available for the issuance of letters of credit, as well as a   five  -year secured   $75,000   term loan ( Term Loan ).  
    
  The proceeds of the Term Loan, together with cash on hand and proceeds from borrowing under the Revolving Facility, were used to pay the purchase price for Willbros Professional Services ("Oil and Gas") and to fund transaction costs incurred in connection with the Oil and Gas acquisition.  The Revolving Facility will also be available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Revolving Facility includes borrowing capacity for letters of credit and for borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as  swingline loans.  Borrowings under the Revolving Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including absence of defaults and accuracy of representations and warranties. The Company may request an increase in the amount of the Credit Agreement up to an additional   $75,000  , which may be through additional term or revolving loans. 
    
  Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility will mature on November 30, 2020. The Term Loan amortizes in quarterly installments payable on the last day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on March 31, 2016 in amounts equal to   1.875%   of the term loan made or outstanding, with the balance payable on November 30, 2020 (the "Term Loan Maturity Date.") In addition, the Company is required, subject to certain exceptions, to make payments on the Term Loan (a) based on a stated percentage of Excess Cash Flow, either   50%   or   0%   depending on whether the the Company's consolidated leverage is above or below 2 times adjusted EBITDA as defined in the Credit Agreement, (b) in an amount of   100%   of net cash proceeds from asset sales subject to certain reinvestment rights, (c) in an amount of   100%   of net cash proceeds of any issuance of debt other than debt permitted to be incurred under the Credit Agreement, and (d) in an amount of   100%   of net cash proceeds from events of loss subject to certain reinvestment rights.  The borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be reduced, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty.   

18 

     Table of Contents  

Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Base Rate (as defined, generally the prime rate) plus a margin of   0.50%   to   1.25%  , or at the Eurodollar Rate (as defined, generally the LIBOR rate) plus a margin of   1.50%   to   2.25%  , based on the Company's Leverage Ratio (as defined). In addition to these borrowing rates, there is a commitment fee which ranges from   0.20%   to   0.375%   on any unused commitments. The applicable fees for issuance of letters of credit under the Revolving Facility is a range from   1.50%   to   2.25%  . 
    
  The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of its assets and guaranteed by its principal operating subsidiaries.  The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default provisions which become effective if the Company defaults on other indebtedness. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains various customary restrictive covenants that limit the Company's ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness including guarantees; enter into sale/leaseback transactions; make investments, loans or acquisitions; grant or incur liens on its assets; sell its assets; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions; engage in transactions with affiliates; and make restricted payments. Under the Credit Agreement the Company is required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than   1.25   to   1.00   and to not permit its leverage ratio to exceed   3.00   to   1.00  .  The Credit Agreement also limits the payment of cash dividends to   $10,000   in aggregate during its term.  
    
  On November 30, 2015, the Company borrowed   $102,000   under the Credit Agreement to partially fund the Oil and Gas acquisition.  The borrowing was comprised of a full borrowing of the   $75,000   term loan and a   $27,000   borrowing under the Revolving Facility.  Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a stated rate of   2.02%   and have an effective interest rate of   2.07%   at   September 30, 2016  .  As of   September 30, 2016   the Company had   zero   borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement's Revolving Facility and   $70,781   outstanding under the Term Loan. Funds available to borrow under the Credit Agreement, after consideration of the letters of credit outstanding, were   $97,346   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  In accounting for the transaction costs incurred in conjunction with the Credit Agreement, the Company allocated the total costs incurred based on the relative fair values of the Revolving Facility and Term Loan.  A total of   $1,916   and   $1,332   were allocated to the Revolving Facility and Term Loan, respectively.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Term Loan consisted of the following: 

The scheduled principal amounts due under the Company s Term Loan obligations as of   September 30, 2016   for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and succeeding fiscal years are as follows:  

19 

     Table of Contents  

Contractor-owned, contractor-operated (CoCo) facility debt 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $20,793   of debt obligations ("CoCo" debt) assumed in the Oil and Gas acquisition, of which   $7,656   was current.  A third party finance company had provided financing to Oil and Gas in conjunction with the construction of fueling facilities for the federal government pursuant to three government contracts. Upon acceptance of the constructed facilities, the federal government pays Oil and Gas in equal monthly installments over the subsequent   five years  . Therefore, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company also had recorded approximately   $20,793   of receivables which were acquired in the transaction, of which   $7,656   was current. These amounts were recorded within other assets and represent the amount due from the federal government for the construction of the fueling facilities.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the government has provided acceptance and final funding on all three contracts. 
    
  The principal amounts due under the Company s remaining CoCo debt obligations as of   September 30, 2016   for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and succeeding fiscal years is as follows:  

Other Notes Payable 
    
  In July 2016, the Company financed   $3,838   of insurance premiums payable in   seven   equal monthly installments of   $552   each, including a finance charge of   2.19%  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the balance outstanding under this agreement was   $2,199  .  
    
  In conjunction with the Oil and Gas acquisition, the Company was required to remit a second cash payment of   $7,500   payable at the earlier of certain Willbros contract novations (or written approval of a subcontract) and Willbros obtaining certain consents, or March 15, 2016. The second cash payment was made in two tranches, with   $2,354   paid in March 2016 and the remaining balance paid in July 2016 in conjunction with the final net working capital settlement.  

Note 10.  Variable Interest Entity 
  In determining whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of an entity, it considers a number of factors, including its ability to direct the activities that most significantly affect the entity's economic success, the Company's contractual rights and responsibilities under the arrangement and the significance of the arrangement to each party. These considerations impact the way the Company accounts for its existing collaborative and joint venture relationships and determines the consolidation of companies or entities with which the Company has collaborative or other arrangements. 
  WBA 
  Willbros Engineers LLC, which the Company acquired in fiscal   2016  , was party to an option and service arrangement with the equity owners of WBA, a limited liability company. WBA is considered a VIE due to the lack of decision-making rights by its equity holders. The Company consolidates the operations of WBA, as it retains the contractual power to direct the activities of WBA which most significantly and directly impact its economic performance. The Company also has the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive residual returns of WBA. The activity of WBA is not significant to the overall performance of the Company. The assets of WBA are available for the Company's general business use outside the context of WBA. In consolidation, as of   September 30, 2016  ,   $362   of cash and cash equivalents,   $262   of accounts receivables and   $3   of other current liabilities were attributable to WBA. 
  
    20 

     Table of Contents  

While the Company is currently in the process of winding down the operations of WBA, it has an obligation to fund operating activities not covered by WBA s available cash and cash flow from operations. During fiscal year 2017, the Company provided   $7   of financial support to WBA. The Company does not expect ongoing funding obligations to be material.  

Note 11.  Income Taxes 
    
  The Company's effective tax rate was approximately   32.1%   and   41.3%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   respectively. The primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of   35.0%   and the Company's overall effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   were the effect of state income taxes offset by tax benefits related to the U.S. Research and Development credit, U.S. Domestic Production Activities deduction and the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions. The primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of   35.0%   and the Company's overall effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015   were the effect of state income taxes.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the recorded liability for uncertain tax positions under the measurement criteria of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 740, Income Taxes, was   $903  . The effective settlement of uncertain tax positions resulted in a decrease in the recorded liability of   $1,344   during the three months ended September 30, 2016, which resulted in a net decrease to the provision for income taxes of   $294  .  The Company does not expect the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to materially change within the next twelve months.  
  As a result of the early adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the three months ended September 30, 2016, excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will be classified to the statement of operations prospectively instead of additional paid-in capital. The Company's effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was not materially impacted by the adoption of ASU 2016-09. The Company recorded a net tax deficiency of   $6   during the three months ended September 30, 2016 which discretely increased the provision for income taxes. 
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the IRS concluded its income tax examination for fiscal year 2014. No adjustments were proposed.  

Note 12.  Operating Segments 
    
  To more clearly communicate the Company's capabilities and focus to the marketplace, beginning in fiscal 2017, the Company renamed its Energy segment  Power  and its Pipeline Services segment  Oil and Gas.  The Company manages its business under the following   four   operating segments: 
    
  Power (formerly Energy):    The Power operating segment provides services to a range of clients including energy companies, power utilities, other commercial entities, and state and federal government entities. The Company's services include program management, engineer/procure/construct projects, design, and consulting. The Company's typical projects involve upgrades, design and new construction for electric transmission and distribution systems and substations; energy efficiency program design and management; and renewable energy development and power generation. 
    
  Environmental:    The Environmental operating segment provides services to a wide range of clients including industrial, transportation, energy and natural resource companies, as well as federal, state and municipal agencies. The Environmental operating segment is organized to focus on key areas of demand including: environmental management of buildings and facilities; air quality measurements and modeling of potential air pollution impacts; water quality and water resource management; assessment and remediation of contaminated sites and buildings; hazardous waste management; construction monitoring, inspection and management; environmental, health and safety management and sustainability advisory services; compliance auditing and strategic due diligence; environmental licensing and permitting of a wide variety of projects; and natural and cultural resource assessment, protection and management. 
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

Infrastructure:   The Infrastructure operating segment provides services related to the expansion of infrastructure capacity and the rehabilitation of overburdened and deteriorating infrastructure systems. The Company's client base is predominantly state and municipal governments as well as select commercial developers. In addition, the Company provides infrastructure services on projects originating in its Power and Environmental operating segments. Primary services include: roadway, bridge and related surface transportation design; structural design and inspection of bridges; program management; construction engineering inspection and construction management for roads and bridges; civil engineering for municipalities and public works departments; geotechnical engineering services; and security assessments, design and construction management. 
    
  Oil   Gas (formerly Pipeline Services):   The Oil   Gas operating segment provides pipeline and facilities engineering; engineer, procure, and construct ("EPC") services; engineer, procure, construct and management ("EPCm") services; field services and integrity services to the oil and gas transmission and midstream markets, as well as at government facilities. The Company specializes in providing engineering services to assist clients in designing, engineering and constructing or expanding pipeline systems, compressor stations, pump stations, fuel storage facilities, terminals, and field gathering and production facilities. The Company's expertise extends to the engineering of a wide range of project peripherals, including various types of support buildings and utility systems, power generation and electrical transmission systems, communications systems, fire protection, water and sewage treatment, water transmission, roads and railroad sidings. The Company also provides project management, engineering and material procurement services to the refining industry and government agencies, including mechanical, civil, structural, electrical instrumentation/controls and environmental engineering. The Company provides full-service integrity management program offerings including program development, data services, risk analysis, corrosion evaluation, integrity engineering and integrity construction services. The Company is partnered with Google to provide a cloud-based pipeline life-cycle integrity management solution, Integra Link , which utilizes Google s geospatial technology platform to help oil and gas pipeline companies visualize and utilize their data and information. 
    
  The Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is its CEO. The Company's CEO manages the business by evaluating the financial results of the four operating segments focusing primarily on segment revenue and segment profit. The Company utilizes segment revenue and segment profit because it believes they provide useful information for effectively allocating resources among operating segments; evaluating the health of its operating segments based on metrics that management can actively influence; and gauging its investments and its ability to service, incur or pay down debt. Specifically, the Company's CEO evaluates segment revenue and segment profit and assesses the performance of each operating segment based on these measures, as well as, among other things, the prospects of each of the operating segments and how they fit into the Company's overall strategy. The Company's CEO then decides how resources should be allocated among its operating segments. The Company does not track its assets by operating segment, and consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment. Segment profit includes all operating expenses except the following: costs associated with providing corporate shared services (including certain depreciation and amortization), goodwill and intangible asset write-offs, and stock-based compensation expense. Depreciation expense is primarily allocated to operating segments based upon their respective use of total operating segment office space. Assets solely used at the Corporate level are not allocated to the operating segments. Inter-segment balances and transactions are not material. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those for the Company as a whole, except as discussed herein. 
    
  On July 1, 2016 the Company made certain changes to its management reporting structure which resulted in a change to the composition of the Infrastructure operating segment.  Certain corporate employees were transferred to the Infrastructure operating segment. As a result, beginning in fiscal year 2017 the Company reports its financial performance based on the current reporting structure.  The Company has recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way it internally manages and monitors segment performance.  These changes had no impact on consolidated net income or cash flows and were not material to the segment measurements presented. 

22 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present summarized financial information for the Company's operating segments (for the periods noted below):  

23 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Amounts represent certain unallocated corporate amounts not considered in the CODM's evaluation of operating segment performance. 
              (2) 
    Corporate shared services consist of centrally managed functions in the following areas: accounting, treasury, information technology, legal, human resources, marketing, internal audit and executive management such as the CEO and various executives. These costs and other items of a general corporate nature are not allocated to the Company s four operating segments. 

Note 13.  Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Exit Strategy Contracts 
    
  The Company has entered into a number of long-term contracts pursuant to its Exit Strategy program under which it is obligated to complete the remediation of environmental conditions at covered sites. The Company assumes the risk for remediation costs for pre-existing environmental conditions and believes that through in-depth technical analysis, comprehensive cost estimation and creative remedial approaches it is able to execute strategies which protect the  
  
    24 

     Table of Contents  

Company's return on these projects. The Company's client pays a fixed price and, as additional protection, for a majority of the contracts the client also pays for a cleanup cost cap insurance policy. The policy, which includes the Company as a named or additional insured party, provides coverage for cost increases from unknown or changed conditions up to a specified maximum amount significantly in excess of the estimated cost of remediation. The Company believes that it is adequately protected from risk on these projects and that it is not likely that it will incur material losses in excess of applicable insurance. However, because several projects are near the term or financial limits of the insurance, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that events could occur under certain circumstances which could be material to the Company's consolidated financial statements. With respect to these projects, there is a wide range of potential outcomes that may result in costs being incurred beyond the limits or term of insurance, such as: (i) greater than expected volumes of contaminants requiring remediation; (ii) treatment systems requiring operation beyond the insurance term; and (iii) greater than expected allocable share of the ultimate remedy. The Company does not believe these outcomes are likely, and the exact nature, impact and duration of any such occurrence could vary due to a number of factors. Accordingly, the Company is unable to provide an estimate of potential loss with a reasonable degree of accuracy. Nevertheless, if these events were to occur, the Company believes that it is reasonably possible that the amount of costs currently accrued, which represents the Company's best estimate, could increase by as much as   $25,000  , of which   $4,000   would be covered by insurance. 
    
  With respect to one of the projects noted above, the regulatory agency charged with oversight of the project approved a remedial plan that is more expensive than the remedy that had been proposed by the Company. A cost allocation among the potentially responsible parties has not been finalized. However, the Company (and the party from whom it assumed site responsibility) did not contribute in any way to the site contamination, and the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to liability and that it will not ultimately be responsible for any material remedial costs attributable to the more costly selected remedy. Nevertheless, due to uncertainty over the cost allocation process, it is reasonably possible that the Company's recorded estimate could change. With respect to another one of these projects, the regulatory agency charged with oversight of the project selected a remedy that appears to be consistent with regulatory guidance and the Company s estimates. However, until the final remedy is formally adopted following a public notice period, it remains reasonably possible that the selected remedial alternative could change and the related costs could increase.  The Company's estimated share of the potential remedial cost changes related to these two projects range from   $0   to   $18,600  .  
    
  The Company adjusts all of its recorded liabilities as further information develops or circumstances change. The Company is unable to accurately project the time period over which these amounts would ultimately be paid out, however the Company estimates that any potential payments could be made over a   1   to   5   year period.   
    
  Contract Damages 
    
  The Company has entered into contracts which, among other things, require completion of the specified scope of work within a defined period of time or a defined budget. Certain of those contracts provide for the assessment of liquidated or other damages if certain project objectives are not met pursuant to the terms of the contract. At present, the Company does not believe a material assessment of such damages is reasonably possible. 
    
  Government Contracts 
    
  The Company's indirect cost rates applied to contracts with the U.S. Government and various state agencies are subject to examination and renegotiation. Contracts and other records of the Company with respect to federal contracts have been examined through June 30, 2008. The Company believes that adjustments resulting from such examination or renegotiation proceedings, if any, will not likely have a material impact on the Company's business, operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  Insurance Captive 
    
  During fiscal 2016, the Company became a shareholder in a member-owned heterogeneous (various industries) group captive reinsurance company. The policies of the program are placed with a U.S. insurance carrier, which provides  
  
    25 

     Table of Contents  

coverage for workers' compensation, general liability and auto liability, with a certain initial layer of loss being reinsured to the carrier by the captive. The Company s annual premiums are actuarially determined based on historical loss experience, and also include administrative costs and fees. In addition, the captive is designed to have an acceptable level of risk sharing among its members. For a given policy period, if the Company s actual loss experience is greater than the estimate, the Company is required to make additional payments to the captive up to a maximum predetermined level. If the Company s loss experience is less than the estimate, the Company may receive a shareholder distribution, when declared by the captive's Board of Directors. The Company records any additional costs or distributions received from the captive in the period in which the Company is notified of the amount due or distribution to be received. The Company has not recorded any additional liability or receivable as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Legal Matters 
    
  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to claims and lawsuits typical of those filed against engineering and consulting companies. The Company carries liability insurance, including professional liability insurance, against such claims subject to certain deductibles and policy limits. Except as described herein, management is of the opinion that the resolution of these claims and lawsuits will not likely have a material effect on the Company's operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  TRC Environmental Corporation v. LVI Group Services, Inc., United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Austin Division 2014.      TRC was the prime contractor on a project to demolish and decommission a power plant in Austin, Texas. LVI was a subcontractor on that project, and TRC sued LVI for approximately   $3,000   for breaches in connection with LVI s work. LVI filed a number of responsive pleadings in this lawsuit including a counterclaim for approximately   $9,900  . TRC believes that its claims against LVI are meritorious and that LVI s counterclaim is without merit. Nevertheless, an adverse determination on LVI s counterclaim could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  The Company records actual or potential litigation-related losses in accordance with ASC Topic 450 "Contingencies". As of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , the Company had recorded litigation accruals of   $4,627   and   $4,869  , respectively. The Company also had insurance recovery receivables related to the aforementioned litigation-related accruals of   $2,254   and   $2,661   as of   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  The Company periodically adjusts the amount of such liabilities when such actual or potential liabilities are paid or otherwise discharged, new claims arise, or additional relevant information about existing or potential claims becomes available. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that the amount of potential litigation-related liabilities could increase by as much as   $11,300  , of which   $2,100   would be covered by insurance. 

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015    
    
  Our fiscal quarters end on the last Friday of the quarter except for the last quarter of the fiscal year which always ends on June 30. The   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   contained three more business days than the prior fiscal year period.  
    
  The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016  . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations and assumptions, and, by their nature, such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. We have attempted to identify such statements using words such as "may", "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", or other words of similar import. We caution the reader that there may be events in the future that management is not able to accurately predict or control which may cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in the forward-looking statements. The factors  
  
    26 

     Table of Contents  

described in the sections captioned "Critical Accounting Policies" and "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016   as well as in this Form 10-Q provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 
    
  We are a firm that provides integrated engineering, consulting, and construction management services. Our project teams help our commercial and governmental clients implement environmental, power, infrastructure and oil and gas related projects from initial concept to delivery and operation. We provide our services almost entirely in the United States of America. 
    
  We generate revenue and cash flows from fees for professional and technical services. As a service company, we are more labor-intensive than capital-intensive. Our revenue and cash flow is driven by our ability to attract and retain qualified and productive employees, identify business opportunities, secure new and renew existing client contracts, provide outstanding service to our clients and execute projects successfully. Our income from operations is derived from our ability to generate revenue under our contracts in excess of our direct costs, subcontractor costs, other contract costs, and general and administrative ("G A") expenses. 
    
  In the course of providing our services, we routinely subcontract services. Generally, these subcontractor costs are passed through to our clients and, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and consistent with industry practice, are included in gross revenue. Because subcontractor services can change significantly from project to project, changes in gross revenue may not be indicative of business trends. Accordingly, we also report net service revenue ("NSR"), which is gross revenue less subcontractor costs and other direct reimbursable charges, and our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations uses NSR as a primary point of reference. 
    
  Our cost of services ("COS") includes professional compensation and related benefits together with certain direct and indirect overhead costs such as rents, utilities and travel. Professional compensation represents the majority of these costs. Our G A expenses are comprised primarily of our corporate headquarters costs related to corporate executive management, finance, accounting, information technology, administration and legal. These costs are generally unrelated to specific client projects and can vary as expenses are incurred to support corporate activities and initiatives. 
    
  Our revenue, expenses and operating results may fluctuate significantly from year to year as a result of numerous factors, including: 

Unanticipated changes in contract performance that may affect profitability, particularly with contracts that are fixed-price or have funding limits; 
                
    Seasonality of the spending cycle, notably for state and local government entities, and the spending patterns of our commercial sector clients; 
                
    Budget constraints experienced by our federal, state and local government clients; 
                
    Divestitures or discontinuance of operating units; 
                
    The timing and impact of acquisitions; 
                
    Employee hiring, utilization and turnover rates; 
                
    The number and significance of client contracts commenced and completed during the period; 
                
    Creditworthiness and solvency of clients; 
                
    The ability of our clients to terminate contracts without penalties; 
                
    Delays incurred in connection with contracts; 
                
    The size, scope and payment terms of contracts; 
                
    Contract negotiations on change orders and collection of related accounts receivable; 
                
    The timing of expenses incurred for corporate initiatives; 
                
    Competition; 
                
    Litigation; 
     
    27 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in accounting rules; 
                
    The credit markets and their effect on our customers; 
                
    General economic or political conditions; and 
                
    Employee expenses such as medical and other benefits. 
       
  We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue is typically lower in the second and third fiscal quarters, as our business is, to some extent, dependent on field work and construction scheduling and is also affected by holidays. Our revenue is lower during these times of the year because many of our clients' employees, as well as our own employees, do not work during those holidays, resulting in fewer billable hours charged to projects and thus, lower revenue recognized. In addition to holidays, harsher weather conditions that occur in the fall and winter can cause some of our offices to close and can significantly affect our project field work. Conversely, our business generally benefits from milder weather conditions in our first and fourth fiscal quarters which allow for more productivity from our field employees. 
  Acquisitions 
    
  We continuously evaluate the marketplace for strategic acquisition opportunities. A fundamental component of our profitable growth strategy is to pursue acquisitions that will expand our platform in key markets. Where the impact of acquisitions is noted in discussing results, it refers to acquisitions effected within the twelve months prior to the end of the relevant period. 
    
  On November 30, 2015, we acquired the Professional Services business ("Oil and Gas") of Willbros Group ("Willbros") in an all cash transaction.  The initial purchase price consisted of (i) an initial cash payment of   $120.0 million   payable at closing, and, (ii) a second cash payment of   $7.5 million   payable at the earlier of certain Willbros contract novations (or written approval of a subcontract) and Willbros obtaining certain consents, or March 15, 2016, net of an estimated working capital adjustment due from Willbros of   $3.0 million  . The second cash payment was made in two tranches, with   $2.4 million   million paid in March 2016 and the remaining balance paid in July 2016 in conjunction with the final net working capital settlement. Goodwill of   $60.3 million   was initially recorded prior to impairment, all of which is expected to be tax deductible, and other intangible assets of   $44.5 million   were recorded as a result of this acquisition.  The goodwill recognized is attributable to the future strategic growth opportunities arising from the acquisition, Oil and Gas's highly skilled assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, and the expected cost synergies of the combined operations.  
    
  Operating Segments 
    
  We manage our business under the following four operating segments.  To more clearly communicate our capabilities and focus to the marketplace, beginning in fiscal 2017, we have renamed our Energy segment  Power  and our Pipeline Services segment  Oil and Gas.  
    
  Power (formerly Energy):   The Power operating segment provides services to a range of clients including energy companies, power utilities, other commercial entities, and state and federal government entities. Our services include program management, engineer/procure/construct projects, design, and consulting. Our typical projects involve upgrades, design and new construction for electric transmission and distribution systems and substations; energy efficiency program design and management; and renewable energy development and power generation. 
    
  Environmental:    The Environmental operating segment provides services to a wide range of clients including industrial, transportation, energy and natural resource companies, as well as federal, state and municipal agencies. The Environmental operating segment is organized to focus on key areas of demand including: environmental management of buildings and facilities; air quality measurements and modeling of potential air pollution impacts; water quality and water resource management; assessment and remediation of contaminated sites and buildings; hazardous waste management; construction monitoring, inspection and management; environmental, health and safety management and sustainability advisory services; compliance  
  
    28 

     Table of Contents  

auditing and strategic due diligence; environmental licensing and permitting of a wide variety of projects; and natural and cultural resource assessment, protection and management. 
    
  Infrastructure:    The Infrastructure operating segment provides services related to the expansion of infrastructure capacity and the rehabilitation of overburdened and deteriorating infrastructure systems. Our client base is predominantly state and municipal governments as well as select commercial developers. In addition, we provide infrastructure services on projects originating in our Power and Environmental operating segments. Primary services include: roadway, bridge and related surface transportation design; structural design and inspection of bridges; program management; construction engineering inspection and construction management for roads and bridges; civil engineering for municipalities and public works departments; geotechnical engineering services; and security assessments, design and construction management. 
    
  Oil   Gas (formerly Pipeline Services):   The Oil   Gas operating segment provides pipeline and facilities engineering; engineer, procure, and construct ("EPC") services; engineer, procure, construct and management ("EPCm") services; field services and integrity services to the oil and gas transmission and midstream markets, as well as at government facilities. We specialize in providing engineering services to assist clients in designing, engineering and constructing or expanding pipeline systems, compressor stations, pump stations, fuel storage facilities, terminals, and field gathering and production facilities. Our expertise extends to the engineering of a wide range of project peripherals, including various types of support buildings and utility systems, power generation and electrical transmission systems, communications systems, fire protection, water and sewage treatment, water transmission, roads and railroad sidings. We also provide project management, engineering and material procurement services to the refining industry and government agencies, including mechanical, civil, structural, electrical instrumentation/controls and environmental engineering. We provide full-service integrity management program offerings including program development, data services, risk analysis, corrosion evaluation, integrity engineering and integrity construction services. We are partnered with Google to provide a cloud-based pipeline life-cycle integrity management solution, Integra Link , which utilizes Google s geospatial technology platform to help oil and gas pipeline companies visualize and utilize their data and information. 
    
  Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). Our CEO manages the business by evaluating the financial results of the four operating segments, focusing primarily on segment revenue and segment profit. We utilize segment revenue and segment profit because we believe they provide useful information for effectively allocating resources among operating segments; evaluating the health of our operating segments based on metrics that management can actively influence; and gauging our investments and our ability to service, incur or pay down debt. Specifically, our CEO evaluates segment revenue and segment profit and assesses the performance of each operating segment based on these measures, as well as, among other things, the prospects of each of the operating segments and how they fit into our overall strategy. Our CEO then decides how resources should be allocated among our operating segments. We do not track our assets by operating segment, and consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment. Segment profit includes all operating expenses except the following: costs associated with providing corporate shared services (including certain depreciation and amortization), goodwill and intangible asset write-offs, and stock-based compensation expense.  Depreciation expense is primarily allocated to operating segments based upon their respective use of total operating segment office space. Assets solely used at the Corporate level are not allocated to the operating segments. Inter-segment balances and transactions are not material. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those for us as a whole except as discussed herein. 
    
  On July 1, 2016 we made certain changes to our management reporting structure which resulted in a change to the composition of the Infrastructure operating segment.  Certain corporate employees were transferred to the Infrastructure operating segment. As a result, beginning in fiscal year 2017 we report our financial performance based on the current reporting structure.  We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor segment performance.  These changes had no impact on consolidated net income or cash flows and were not material to the segment measurements presented. 
  
    29 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the approximate percentage of our NSR by operating segment for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  : 

Business Trend Analysis 
    
  Power:   The utilities in the United States are in the midst of a multi-year upgrade of the electric transmission grid to improve capacity, reliability and distribution of sources of generation. Years of underinvestment coupled with a favorable regulatory environment have provided a good business opportunity for those serving this market. According to the Edison Electric Institute, electric utilities throughout the United States will be investing over $60 billion in the performance of this work over the next several years. Economic impacts have slowed the pace of this investment, yet they do not appear to have affected the long term plan of investment. Demand for energy efficiency services continues to be supported by increasing state and federal funds targeted at energy efficiency. The Regional Green House Gas Initiative and system benefit charges at the state or utility level have expanded the marketplace for energy efficiency program management services. Investment within the renewable portfolios also remains strong. We are well established in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions and are growing our presence in the Southeast and in Texas and California where demand for services is the highest. 
    
  Environmental:   Following a slowdown caused by general economic conditions, market demand for environmental services continues to be mixed. The fundamental market drivers remain in place, and this market also benefits from evolving regulatory developments particularly with respect to air quality, and the continuing need to enhance our aging transportation and energy infrastructure. While we expect oil and gas activity and major capital projects to be constrained in the near term, the outlook for services related to other areas of the market, such as environmental remediation, construction, transaction support, the retirement of coal plants and the need to transport natural gas remains favorable. Renewables and other energy source initiatives present important market opportunities but are linked to federal and state policy changes which will be required for the markets to commit long-term capital to projects. 
    
  Infrastructure:   Long-term prospects should be favorable and our backlog has increased significantly. The overall infrastructure construction markets are expected to benefit from the federal funding certainty provided by the new $305 billion highway bill known as the Fixing America s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act. The bill calls for the spending of approximately $205 billion on highways and $48 billion on transit projects. 
    
  Oil   Gas:     Our Oil   Gas segment is currently in the midst of a market downturn due to low oil and gas prices and uncertainty in the oil and gas markets. Nevertheless, long-term opportunities include mid-stream oil and natural gas liquid pipelines which are necessary to match takeaway capacity with levels of production, some of which is stranded due to inadequate pipeline infrastructure, primarily in the Marcellus and Utica shales. Additional future opportunities are presented by natural gas pipelines to take gas to LNG export facilities as well as Mexico and Latin America. Furthermore natural gas pipelines will be required as coal plants are retired and replaced with cleaner gas-burning plants. New regulatory requirements proposed by the Department of Transportation will lead to data and integrity requirements for pipeline operators where our technologies and services can be utilized. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions. We use our best judgment in the assumptions used to compile these estimates which are based on current facts and circumstances, prior experience and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. Further detail regarding our critical accounting policies can be found in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") on August 31, 2016. No material changes concerning our critical accounting policies have occurred since   June 30, 2016  . 

Results of Operations 
    
  Consolidated Results of Operations 
    
  The following table presents the dollar and percentage changes in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  : 

Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016 
    
  Gross revenue increased   $45.4 million  , or   33.5%  , to   $180.9 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $135.5 million   for the same period in the prior year. Organic activities accounted for $18.8 million, or 41.3%, of the growth in gross revenue, and acquisitions accounted for the remaining $26.6 million, or 58.7%, of the increase. The increase in organic gross revenue was primarily attributable to our Power operating segment where gross revenue increased $17.8 million driven by several large capital projects that had significant subcontractor and procurement activities which generated higher levels of gross revenue and other direct charges ("ODC's") in the current period. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

NSR increased   $24.1 million  , or   24.1%  , to   $124.3 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $100.2 million   for the same period in the prior year. Organic activities accounted for $2.8 million, or 11.6%, of the increase in NSR, and acquisitions accounted for $21.3 million, or 88.4%, of the increase. The increase in organic NSR was, in part, due to our Power operating segment where NSR increased $2.8 million driven by the aforementioned large capital projects. In our Infrastructure operating segment, several large transportation projects, and, to a lesser extent, increased demand from our state government clients, contributed $3.1 million of organic NSR growth for the period.  The organic NSR growth in our Power and Infrastructure operating segments was partially offset by a $2.7 million decline in the Environmental operating segment. This decline was due to the continued slowdown from certain oil and gas clients and the wind-down of a large remediation project.  
    
  Insurance recoverables and other income decreased   $0.1 million  , or   14.2%  , to   $0.6 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $0.7 million   for the same period in the prior year.  
    
  COS increased   $20.7 million  , or   24.9%  , to   $103.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $83.0 million   for the same period in the prior year. Organic activities increased $3.1 million, or 15.2%, and acquisitions accounted for $17.6 million, or 84.8%, of the increase.  Fringe benefit costs contributed to the increase in organic COS, and, in particular, health insurance costs increased $1.5 million in the current quarter as compared to the same period in the prior year. The Company is self-insured for the first $150 thousand of health claims per employee each year. Consequently, employee health insurance costs can vary significantly from period to period, and in the current quarter we experienced a higher level of costs. The balance of the increase in organic COS was attributable to costs incurred to support the current demand from our Infrastructure and Power operating segment clients.   As a percentage of NSR, COS were   83.4%   and   82.8%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  G A expenses increased   $3.7 million  , or   52.2%  , to   $10.8 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $7.1 million   for the same period in the prior year.  Organic activities increased $2.9 million, or 78.4%, and acquisitions accounted for $0.8 million, or 21.6%, of the increase.  The organic increase was primarily due to  a $1.2 million and $0.4 million current quarter increase in legal costs and professional fees, respectively, which can vary in amount and timing year to year.  The remainder of the increase   was due to additional costs incurred to support certain organic growth initiatives.    As a percentage of NSR, G A expenses were   8.7%   and   7.1%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively. 
     
  Depreciation expenses increased   $0.4 million  , or   25.6%  , to   $1.8 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $1.4 million   for the same period in the prior year.  The increase was primarily attributable to the Oil and Gas assets acquired in November 2015, which contributed $0.4 million of depreciation expense in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Amortization expenses increased   $1.9 million  , or   223.3%  , to   $2.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $0.8 million   for the same period in the prior year.  The increase was primarily attributable to the Oil and Gas intangible assets acquired in November 2015, which contributed $2.1 million of amortization expense in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Our effective tax rate was approximately   32.1%   and   41.3%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   respectively. The primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of   35.0%   and our overall effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   were the effect of state income taxes offset by tax benefits related to the U.S. Research and Development credit, U.S. Domestic Production Activities deduction and the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions. The primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of   35.0%   and our overall effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 25, 2015   were the effect of state income taxes.  

32 

     Table of Contents  

Costs and Expenses as a Percentage of NSR 
    
  The following table presents the percentage relationships of items in the condensed consolidated statements of operations to NSR for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  :               

Additional Information by Reportable Operating Segment 
    
  Power Operating Segment Results 

Gross revenue increased   $17.8 million  , or   45.3%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year.  This increase was primarily driven by several large capital projects, in particular, a large EPC project and a significant program management project in California. These projects, which have recently entered the construction phase, had significant subcontractor and procurement activities that generated higher levels of gross revenue and ODC's in the current period.  
    
  NSR increased   $2.8 million  , or   8.0%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in NSR was due, in part, to the aforementioned capital projects, and, in particular, increased labor revenue from our design and program management services. NSR also benefitted from three additional business days in the current quarter, which added approximately $1.7 million of NSR. 
     
  The Power operating segment's profit increased   $0.7 million  , or   9.0%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in segment profit was primarily due to the same factors that  
  
    33 

     Table of Contents  

led to the increase in NSR.  As a percentage of NSR, the Power operating segment's profit increased to   21.5%   from   21.3%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. 

Environmental Operating Segment Results 

Gross revenue decreased   $1.9 million  , or   2.5%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was primarily due to a decline in services provided to our oil and gas clients. In particular, the low prevailing oil and gas prices and uncertain market conditions led to continued capital spending constraints for midstream capital projects. 
    
  NSR decreased   $2.7 million  , or   5.2%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year.  The decrease in NSR was primarily attributable to the same factors that led to lower gross revenue as well as the wind-down of a large remediation project that provided significant NSR in the same period of the prior year. The decrease in NSR was partially mitigated by three additional business days in the current quarter, which added approximately $2.2 million of NSR. 
    
  The Environmental operating segment's profit decreased   $0.9 million  , or   9.3%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in segment profit was directly related to lower volume of revenue from our oil and gas clients coupled with inefficiencies associated with transitioning to smaller, highly competitive midstream projects, including lower utilization of employee labor.  As a percentage of NSR, the Environmental operating segment's profit decreased to   18.5%   from   19.4%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. 

Infrastructure Operating Segment Results 

Gross revenue increased   $2.9 million  , or   14.7%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. These results reflect increased state and local government activity associated with the upgrade of existing infrastructure.  
    
  NSR increased   $3.1 million  , or   22.6%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in NSR was largely attributable to the same factors that led to the increases in gross revenue as well as the benefit of three additional business days in the current quarter compared to the same period of the prior year, which added approximately $0.8 million of NSR.  

34 

     Table of Contents  

The Infrastructure operating segment's profit increased   $1.4 million  , or   48.9%  , for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in segment profit was primarily attributable to the same factors that led to the increase in NSR, as well as emphasis on project execution and the benefit of increased scale in the business.  As a percentage of NSR, the Infrastructure operating segment's profit increased to   25.9%   from   21.3%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in the prior year.  

Oil   Gas Operating Segment Results 

Oil   Gas contributed   $26.6 million   in gross revenue,   $21.3 million   in NSR, and had segment profit of   $1.4 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Continued uncertainty surrounding the oil and gas markets, including depressed commodity prices impacted current period operating results.  These operating results were also impacted by non-cash purchase accounting adjustments of approximately $2.1 million, primarily amortization expense.  Against the backdrop of these difficult and uncertain markets, the Oil and Gas operating segment improved sequential operating results. In particular as a percentage of NSR, operating segment profit margin increased to 6.4% in the current quarter compared to a loss in the prior two sequential quarters. The improved segment profit is primarily related to cost reduction initiatives taken over the last several quarters, including, but not limited to, staff reductions, reduction of indirect costs and rationalization of office space.  

Backlog by Operating Segment 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our contract backlog based on gross revenue was   $613 million  , compared to   $526 million   as of   September 25, 2015  . Our contract backlog based on NSR was   $352 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $319 million   as of   September 25, 2015  . Typically about 60% of backlog is completed in one year. In addition to this contract backlog, we hold open-order contracts from various commercial clients and government agencies. As work under these contracts is authorized and funded, we include this portion in our contract backlog. While most contracts contain cancellation provisions, we are unaware of any material work included in backlog that will be canceled or delayed.  
    
  The following table sets forth the gross revenue and NSR contract backlog amounts of our operating segments at   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   (in millions): 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Revisions in Estimates 
  We have numerous contracts in progress at any time, all of which are at various stages of completion. Our recognition of profit is dependent upon the accuracy of a variety of estimates including engineering progress, materials quantities, achievement of milestones and other incentives, liquidated-damages provisions, labor productivity and cost estimates. Such estimates are based on various judgments we make with respect to those factors and can be difficult to accurately determine until the project is significantly underway. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, actual completion costs often vary from estimates. If estimated total costs on any contract indicate a loss, we charge the entire estimated loss to operations in the period the loss first becomes known. If actual costs exceed the original fixed contract price, recognition of any additional revenue will be pursuant to a change order, contract modification, or claim. 
  The following table summarizes the number of projects that experienced estimated contract profit revisions relating to the revaluation of work performed in prior periods: 

Impact of Inflation 
  Our operations have not been materially affected by inflation or changing prices because most contracts of a longer term are subject to adjustment or have been priced to cover anticipated increases in labor and other costs, and the remaining contracts are short term in nature. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    
  We primarily rely on cash from operations and financing activities, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility, to fund our operations. Our liquidity is assessed in terms of our overall ability to generate cash to fund our operating and investing activities and to service debt. We believe that our available cash, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity under our credit facility, discussed under "Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan" below, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. 
  
    36 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides summarized information with respect to our cash balances and cash flows as of and for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , cash and cash equivalents decreased by   $6.1 million  , or   32.6%  , to   $12.7 million  , compared to the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016  . This decline is primarily the result of cash utilized for the final payment of the acquisition of Oil and Gas from Willbros on November 30, 2015, as well as other debt payment activity. 
    
  Net cash used in operating activities decreased by   $17.6 million  , or   122.1%  , to   $3.2 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $14.4 million   of cash provided for the same period of the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributable to the timing of collections activity with respect to accounts receivable in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of the prior year.  
    
  Accounts receivable include both: (1) billed receivables associated with invoices submitted for work performed and (2) unbilled receivables (work in progress). The unbilled receivables are primarily related to work performed in the last month of the quarter. The efficiency of the billing and collection process is commonly evaluated as day's sales outstanding ("DSO"), which we calculate by dividing accounts receivable by the most recent three-month average of daily gross revenue. Current quarter DSO, which measures the collections turnover of both billed and unbilled receivables, increased to   84   days as of   September 30, 2016   from   79   days as of   June 30, 2016  , and decreased from   90   days when compared to   September 25, 2015  . Our goal is to maintain DSO at less than 82 days.   
    
  Net cash used in investing activities decreased by   $1.0 million  , or   49.5%  , to   $1.0 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $2.0 million   of cash used for the same period of the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributable to   $0.4 million   less utilized for property and equipment. 
    
  Net cash used by financing activities increased by   $5.4 million  , or   156.8%  , to   $1.9 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.4 million   of cash provided in the same period of the prior year. The increase was directly attributable debt service payments on our Term Loan as well as the final payment made for the acquisition of Oil and Gas in the current year period. 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan 
    
  See a discussion of our credit facility (the "Credit Agreement"), other notes payable and capital lease obligations in Note 9 - Long-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations, under Part I, Item 1, Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  The actual results as compared to the covenant requirements under the Credit Agreement as of   September 30, 2016 
  for the measurement periods described below are as follows (in thousands): 

37 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  We do not currently utilize derivative financial instruments. We are exposed to interest rate risk under our Credit Agreement. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Base Rate (as defined, generally the prime rate) plus a margin of   0.50%   to   1.25%  , or at the Eurodollar Rate (as defined, generally the Libor rate) plus a margin of   1.50%   to   2.25%  , based on the Company's Leverage Ratio (as defined). 
    
  Borrowings at these rates under the Revolving Facility have no designated term and may be repaid without penalty any time prior to the maturity date. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility will mature on November 30, 2020. The Term Loan amortizes in quarterly installments payable on the last day of each March, June, September, and December, commencing on March 31, 2016 in amounts equal to   1.875%   of the term loan made or outstanding, with the balance payable on the November 30, 2020 Term Loan Maturity Date. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
    
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)  and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the Company's quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  
  
    38 

Table of Contents  

PART II:  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.         Legal Proceedings 
    
  See Legal Matters in Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies, under Part I, Item 1, Financial Information. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
    
  No material changes. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  None. 

Item 3.        Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not Applicable. 

Item 5.        Other Information 
    
  None. 

Item 6.        Exhibits    

39 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TRC COMPANIES, INC. 

November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 

Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 trr-ex311_20160930xq1x2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Christopher P. Vincze, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TRC Companies, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Christopher P. Vincze 
      Christopher P. Vincze 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 trr-ex312_20160930xq1x2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas W. Bennet, Jr., certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TRC Companies, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                         Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 
      Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 trr-ex321_20160930xq1x2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of TRC Companies, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Christopher P. Vincze, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Christopher P. Vincze 
      Christopher P. Vincze 
      Chief Executive Officer 

[A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TRC Companies, Inc. and will be retained by TRC Companies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 trr-ex322_20160930xq1x2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of TRC Companies, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Thomas W. Bennet, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 
      Thomas W. Bennet, Jr. 
      Chief Financial Officer 

[A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TRC Companies, Inc. and will be retained by TRC Companies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 trr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

