<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1352190_0001214659-16-014518_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1322993</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66189</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>93343</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>422277</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>390807</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>307972</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-16-014518.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110145747
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-16-014518
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		29
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001352190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52576
		FILM NUMBER:		161987530

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PHILIPS PARKWAY
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014479000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PHILIPS PARKWAY
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-16-014518.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 s11416010q.htm
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______________________to____________________________

Commission File No. 000-52576

Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

20-4077773

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

14 Philips Parkway, Montvale, NJ  07645

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(800) 942-5550

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes      No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes      No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes       No  

As of November 10, 2016 the Fund had 839.5395 shares of LLC Membership Interest outstanding.

Table of Contents

PAGE

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Financial Statements 

1 

Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 

1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended 

September 30, 2016 and 2015 

2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended 

September 30, 2016 and 2015 

3 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 

4 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

10 

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

16 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings 

18 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

18 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

18 

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

18 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

18 

Item 5. 

Other Information 

18 

Item 6. 

Exhibits 

18 

SIGNATURES 

19 

Table of Contents 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND, LLC

UNAUDITED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

(in thousands, except share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.

1 

Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND, LLC

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands, except per share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.

2 

Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND, LLC

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.

3 

Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND, LLC

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization

The Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC (the  Fund ), a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on December 19, 2005 and operates pursuant to a limited liability company agreement (the  LLC Agreement ) dated as of February 1, 2006 by and among Ridgewood Energy Corporation (the  Manager ) and the shareholders of the Fund, which addresses matters such as the authority and voting rights of the Manager and shareholders, capitalization, transferability of membership interests, participation in costs and revenues, distribution of assets and dissolution and winding up.  The Fund was organized to primarily acquire interests in oil and gas properties located in the United States offshore waters of Texas, Louisiana and Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico.

The Manager has direct and exclusive control over the management of the Fund s operations. With respect to project investments, the Manager locates potential projects, conducts due diligence, and negotiates and completes the transactions. The Manager performs, or arranges for the performance of, the management, advisory and administrative services required for Fund operations. Such services include, without limitation, the administration of shareholder accounts, shareholder relations and the preparation, review and dissemination of tax and other financial information. In addition, the Manager provides office space, equipment and facilities and other services necessary for Fund operations. The Manager also engages and manages the contractual relations with unaffiliated custodians, depositories, accountants, attorneys, broker-dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and others as required. See Notes 2, 3 and 4.

Basis of Presentation

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared by the Fund s management in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and in the opinion of management, contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the Fund s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted in these unaudited interim condensed financial statements. The results of operations, financial position, and cash flows for the periods presented herein are not necessarily indicative of future financial results.  These unaudited interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Fund s December 31, 2015 financial statements and notes thereto included in the Fund s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The year-end condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Manager reviews its estimates, including those related to the fair value of financial instruments, depletion and amortization, determination of proved reserves, impairment of long-lived assets and asset retirement obligations. Actual results may differ from those estimates.

Fair Value Measurements

The fair value measurement guidance provides a hierarchy that prioritizes and defines the types of inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs, which consists of unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 2 inputs consist of quoted prices for similar instruments. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the instrument; hence, these inputs have the lowest priority.

4 

Table of Contents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

All highly liquid investments with maturities, when purchased, of three months or less, are considered cash equivalents. These balances, as well as cash on hand, are included in  Cash and cash equivalents  on the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund had no cash equivalents. At times, deposits may be in excess of federally insured limits, which are $250 thousand per insured financial institution. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund s bank balances were maintained in uninsured bank accounts at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

Salvage Fund

The Fund deposits in a separate interest-bearing account, or salvage fund, cash to provide for the dismantling and removal of production platforms and facilities and plugging and abandoning its wells at the end of their useful lives in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations. Interest earned on the account will become part of the salvage fund. There are no restrictions on withdrawals from the salvage fund.

Debt Discounts and Deferred Financing Costs

Debt discounts and deferred financing costs include lender fees and other costs of acquiring debt (see Note 3.  Credit Agreement   Beta Project Financing ) such as the conveyance of override royalty interests related to the Beta Project. These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until the redemption of the debt. Unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs were $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $0.4 million as of December 31, 2015 and are presented as a reduction of  Long-term borrowings  on the balance sheets (see Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements ).

During the period of asset construction, amortization expense, as a component of interest, is capitalized and included on the balance sheet within  Oil and gas properties . Amortization expense of $0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $47 thousand and $0.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, were capitalized and included on the balance sheet within  Oil and gas properties . As a result of the Beta Project s commencement of production in third quarter 2016, amortization expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $47 thousand was expensed and is included on the statement of operations within  Interest (expense) income, net .

Oil and Gas Properties

The Fund invests in oil and gas properties, which are operated by unaffiliated entities that are responsible for drilling, administering and producing activities pursuant to the terms of the applicable operating agreements with working interest owners. The Fund s portion of exploration, drilling, operating and capital equipment expenditures is billed by operators.

Exploration, development and acquisition costs are accounted for using the successful efforts method. Costs of acquiring unproved and proved oil and natural gas leasehold acreage, including lease bonuses, brokers  fees and other related costs are capitalized. Costs of drilling and equipping productive wells and related production facilities are capitalized.  The costs of exploratory wells are capitalized pending determination of whether proved reserves have been found. If proved commercial reserves are not found, exploratory well costs are expensed as dry-hole costs. At times, the Fund receives adjustments to certain wells from their respective operators upon review and audit of the wells  costs. Interest costs related to the Credit Agreement (see Note 3.  Credit Agreement   Beta Project Financing ) are capitalized during the period of asset construction. Annual lease rentals and exploration expenses are expensed as incurred. All costs related to production activity, transportation expense and workover efforts are expensed as incurred.

Once a well has been determined to be fully depleted or upon the sale, retirement or abandonment of a property, the cost and related accumulated depletion and amortization, if any, is eliminated from the property accounts, and the resultant gain or loss is recognized.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, amounts recorded in due to operators totaling $0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively, related to capital expenditures for oil and gas properties.

Advances to Operators for Working Interests and Expenditures

The Fund may be required to advance its share of the estimated succeeding month s expenditures to the operator for its oil and gas properties. As the costs are incurred, the advances are reclassified to proved properties.

5 

Table of Contents 

Asset Retirement Obligations

For oil and gas properties, there are obligations to perform removal and remediation activities when the properties are retired. Upon the determination of a property to be either proved or dry, a retirement obligation is incurred. The Fund recognizes the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period incurred. Plug and abandonment costs associated with unsuccessful projects are expensed as dry-hole costs. As indicated above, the Fund maintains a salvage fund to provide for the funding of asset retirement obligations.

Syndication Costs

Syndication costs are direct costs incurred by the Fund in connection with the offering of the Fund s shares, including professional fees, selling expenses and administrative costs payable to the Manager, an affiliate of the Manager and unaffiliated broker-dealers, which are reflected on the Fund s balance sheet as a reduction of shareholders  capital.

Revenue Recognition and Imbalances

Oil and gas revenues are recognized when oil and gas is sold to a purchaser at a fixed or determinable price, when delivery has occurred and title has transferred, and collectability of the revenue is reasonably assured. The Fund uses the sales method of accounting for gas production imbalances. The volumes of gas sold may differ from the volumes to which the Fund is entitled based on its interests in the properties. These differences create imbalances that are recognized as a liability only when the properties  estimated remaining reserves net to the Fund will not be sufficient to enable the underproduced owner to recoup its entitled share through production. The Fund s recorded liability, if any, would be reflected in other liabilities. No receivables are recorded for those wells where the Fund has taken less than its share of production.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Fund reviews the carrying value of its oil and gas properties annually and when management determines that events and circumstances indicate that the recorded carrying value of properties may not be recoverable.  Impairments are determined by comparing estimated future net undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value at the time of the review. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value of the asset is written down to fair value, which is determined using estimated future net discounted cash flows from the asset. The fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to change. Different pricing assumptions, reserve estimates or discount rates could result in a different calculated impairment. Given the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, it is reasonably possible that the Fund s estimate of discounted future net cash flows from proved oil and natural gas reserves could change in the near term.

Significant declines in oil and natural gas prices since fourth quarter 2014 have impacted the fair value of the Fund s oil and gas properties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Fund did not record any impairments of oil and gas properties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund recorded impairments of oil and gas properties totaling $1.2 million, representing the remaining net book values of South Marsh Island 111 and West Delta 68, which produced at nominal rates and were nearing the end of their productive lives at the date of impairment. If oil and natural gas prices continue to decline, even if only for a short period of time, it is possible that impairments of oil and gas properties will occur.

Depletion and Amortization

Depletion and amortization of the cost of proved oil and gas properties are calculated using the units-of-production method. Proved developed reserves are used as the base for depleting capitalized costs associated with successful exploratory well costs, development costs and related facilities, other than offshore platforms. The sum of proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves is used as the base for depleting or amortizing leasehold acquisition costs and costs to construct offshore platform and associated asset retirement costs.

Income Taxes

No provision is made for income taxes in the financial statements. The Fund is a limited liability company, and as such, the Fund s income or loss is passed through and included in the tax returns of the Fund s shareholders. The Fund files U.S. Federal and State tax returns and the 2013 through 2015 tax returns remain open for examination by tax authorities.

Income and Expense Allocation

Profits and losses are allocated to shareholders and the Manager in accordance with the LLC Agreement.

6 

Table of Contents 

Distributions

Distributions to shareholders are allocated in proportion to the number of shares held. The Manager determines whether available cash from operations, as defined in the LLC Agreement, will be distributed. Such distributions are allocated 85% to the shareholders and 15% to the Manager, as required by the LLC Agreement.

Available cash from dispositions, as defined in the LLC Agreement, will be paid 99% to shareholders and 1% to the Manager until the shareholders have received total distributions equal to their capital contributions. After shareholders have received distributions equal to their capital contributions, 85% of available cash from dispositions will be distributed to shareholders and 15% to the Manager.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued accounting guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts, rather than as an asset.  Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. In August 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance related to the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements which clarifies that companies may continue to present unamortized debt issuance costs associated with line of credit arrangements as an asset. These pronouncements are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Fund adopted the accounting guidance in first quarter 2016, resulting in a one-time reclassification of $0.4 million of unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs from "Other assets" to "Long-term borrowings" on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. The adoption of these pronouncements did not impact the Fund s results of operations or cash flows.

In 2014, the FASB issued accounting guidance on revenue recognition, which provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. In 2015, the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date of the guidance to 2018, with early adoption permitted in 2017. In May 2016, the FASB issued final amendments which provided narrow scope improvements and practical expedients related to the implementation of the guidance. The Fund is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial statements.

2.

Related Parties

Pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement, the Manager renders management, administrative and advisory services to the Fund. For such services, the Manager is entitled to an annual management fee, payable monthly, of 2.5% of total capital contributions, net of cumulative dry-hole and related well costs incurred by the Fund. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement, the Manager is also permitted to waive the management fee at its own discretion. Such fee may be temporarily waived to accommodate the Fund s short-term capital commitments. Management fees during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively. Management fees during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $0.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively.

The Manager is entitled to receive a 15% interest in cash distributions from operations made by the Fund. The Fund did not pay distributions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Distributions paid to the Manager during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $33 thousand and $0.1 million, respectively.

None of the amounts paid to the Manager have been derived as a result of arm s length negotiations.

In May 2015, Beta Sales   Transport, LLC ( Beta S T ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Manager, was formed to act as an aggregator to and as an accommodation for the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager (the  Ridgewood Beta Funds ) to facilitate the transportation and sale of oil and gas produced from the Beta Project. On June 1, 2016, the Ridgewood Beta Funds entered into a master agreement (the  Agreement ) with Beta S T in which Beta S T will purchase from Ridgewood Beta Funds all of their interests in oil and gas produced at the Beta Project and sell such volumes to unrelated third party purchasers. Beta S T is a pass-through entity such that it receives no benefit or compensation for the services provided under the Agreement or under any other agreements it enters into with regards to the oil and gas acquired from the Ridgewood Beta Funds. The Ridgewood Beta Funds indemnify, defend and hold harmless Beta S T from and against all claims, liabilities, losses, causes of action, costs and expenses asserted against as a result of or arising from any act or omission, breach and claims for losses or damages arising out of Beta S T s dealing with third parties with respect to the transportation, processing or sale of oil and gas from the Beta Project. The revenues from the sale of oil and gas to third party purchasers are recorded as oil and gas revenue in the statements of operations and expenses are recorded as operating expenses in the statements of operations.

7 

Table of Contents 

At times, short-term payables and receivables, which do not bear interest, arise from transactions with affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

The Fund has working interest ownership in certain projects to acquire and develop oil and natural gas projects with other entities that are likewise managed by the Manager.

3.

Credit Agreement   Beta Project Financing

In November 2012, the Fund entered into a credit agreement (as amended on September 30, 2016, the  Credit Agreement ) with Rahr Energy Investments LLC, as Administrative Agent and Lender (and any other banks or financial institutions that may in the future become a party thereto, collectively  Lenders ) that provides for an aggregate loan commitment to the Fund of approximately $12.8 million ( Loan ), to provide capital toward the funding of the Fund s share of development costs on the Beta Project. Except in cases of fraud and breach of certain representations, the Loan is non-recourse to the Fund s other assets and secured solely by the Fund s interests in the Beta Project. Certain other funds managed by Ridgewood ( Ridgewood Funds , and when used with the Fund the  Ridgewood Participating Funds ) have also executed the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, each Ridgewood Participating Fund has a separate loan commitment from the Lenders and amounts borrowed are not joint and several obligations. Each of the Ridgewood Participating Funds  borrowings is secured solely by its separate interest in the Beta Project. Therefore, the Fund is liable for the repayment of its Loan and is not liable to the Lenders to repay any loan made to any other Ridgewood Funds. The Manager serves as the manager for each of the Ridgewood Participating Funds.

The Fund anticipates it will borrow approximately $12.8 million over the development period of the Beta Project. The Loan bears interest at 8% compounded annually and accrues only on Loan proceeds as they are drawn.  Principal and interest will be repaid at a monthly rate of 1.25% of the Fund s total principal outstanding as of July 31, 2016 for the first seven months beginning October 2016, and increases to a monthly rate of 4.5% thereafter until the Loan is repaid in full, in no event later than December 31, 2020. The Loan may be prepaid by the Fund without premium or penalty.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund had borrowings of $6.5 million and $5.7 million, respectively, under the Credit Agreement. The unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs of $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $0.4 million as of December 31, 2015 are presented as a reduction of  Long-term borrowings  on the balance sheets (see Note 1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements ).

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, interest costs of $0.9 million and $0.6 million, respectively, were capitalized and included on the balance sheet within  Oil and gas properties . Such amounts were accrued on the balance sheet within  Accrued expenses  as of September 30, 2016 and  Accrued expenses  and  Other liabilities  as of December 31, 2015. As a result of the Beta Project s commencement of production in third quarter 2016, interest costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $0.1 million were expensed and are included on the statement of operations within  Interest (expense) income, net . Such amounts are accrued on the balance sheet within  Accrued expenses .

As additional consideration to the Lenders, the Fund has agreed to convey an overriding royalty interest ( ORRI ) in its working interest in the Beta Project to the Lenders. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants, for which the Fund believes it was in compliance as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

4.

Commitments and Contingencies

Capital Commitments

The Fund has entered into multiple agreements for the acquisition, drilling and development of its oil and gas properties. The estimated capital expenditures associated with these agreements vary depending on the stage of development on a property-by-property basis.

8 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2016, the Fund s estimated capital commitments related to its oil and gas properties were $6.2 million (which include asset retirement obligations for the Fund s projects of $2.4), of which $4.7 million is expected to be spent during the next twelve months. These expected capital commitments exceed available working capital and salvage fund by $5.6 million as of September 30, 2016. The Fund has entered into the Credit Agreement to provide capital for funding of the Beta Project.  See Note 3.  Credit Agreement   Beta Project Financing  for additional information.

Based upon its current cash position, its current reserve estimates and its current development plan of the Beta Project, the Fund expects cash flow from operations and borrowings to be sufficient to cover its commitments, borrowing repayments, as well as ongoing operations. Reserve estimates are projections based on engineering data that cannot be measured with precision, require substantial judgment, and are subject to frequent revision.

Environmental Considerations

The exploration for and development of oil and natural gas involves the extraction, production and transportation of materials which, under certain conditions, can be hazardous or cause environmental pollution problems.  The Manager and operators of the Fund s properties are continually taking action they believe appropriate to satisfy applicable federal, state and local environmental regulations and do not currently anticipate that compliance with federal, state and local environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect upon capital expenditures, results of operations or the competitive position of the Fund in the oil and gas industry. However, due to the significant public and governmental interest in environmental matters related to those activities, the Manager cannot predict the effects of possible future legislation, rule changes, or governmental or private claims.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no known environmental contingencies that required adjustment to, or disclosure in, the Fund s financial statements.

During the past several years, the United States Congress, as well as certain regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over the Fund s business, have considered or proposed legislation or regulation relating to the upstream oil and gas industry both onshore and offshore. If any such proposals were to be enacted or adopted they could potentially materially impact the Fund s operations. It is not possible at this time to predict whether such legislation or regulation, if proposed, will be adopted as initially written, if at all, or how legislation or new regulation that may be adopted would impact the Fund s business. Any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s operating results and cash flows.

Insurance Coverage

The Fund is subject to all risks inherent in the exploration for and development of oil and natural gas. Insurance coverage as is customary for entities engaged in similar operations is maintained, but losses may occur from uninsurable risks or amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event that is not insured or not fully insured could have a material adverse impact upon earnings and financial position.  Moreover, insurance is obtained as a package covering all of the funds managed by the Manager. Claims made by other funds managed by the Manager can reduce or eliminate insurance for the Fund.

9 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2.            MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Quarterly Report ) and the documents Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC (the  Fund ) has incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to the Fund s business plans, strategies, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You are therefore cautioned against relying on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by words such as  believe,   project,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   strategy,   plan,   target,   pursue,   may,   will,   will likely result,  and similar expressions and references to future periods. Examples of events that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated include weather conditions, such as hurricanes, changes in market conditions affecting the pricing and production of oil and natural gas, the cost and availability of equipment, and changes in governmental regulations.  Examples of forward-looking statements made herein include statements regarding projects, investments, insurance, capital expenditures and liquidity. Forward-looking statements made in this document speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The discussion and analysis of the Fund s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Fund s financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  In preparing these financial statements, the Fund is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect the reported amounts of the Fund s assets and liabilities, including the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of its revenues and expenses during the periods presented.  The Fund evaluates these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. The Fund bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that the Fund believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions are made. However, future events and actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions and such differences may have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows .  See Note 1 of  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements     Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  contained in Item 1.  Financial Statements  within Part I of this Quarterly Report for a discussion of the Fund s significant accounting policies. No changes have been made to the Fund s critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in its 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview of the Fund s Business

The Fund is a Delaware limited liability company formed on December 19, 2005 to primarily acquire interests in oil and natural gas properties located in the United States offshore waters of Texas, Louisiana and Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico.  The Fund s primary investment objective is to generate cash flow for distribution to its shareholders by generating returns across a portfolio of exploratory or development oil and natural gas projects.  Distributions to shareholders are made in accordance with the  Fund s limited liability company agreement (the  LLC Agreement ). The Fund does not expect in the future to investigate or invest in any additional projects other than those in which it currently has a working interest. The Fund s remaining capital has been fully allocated to complete such projects.

Ridgewood Energy Corporation (the  Manager  or  Ridgewood Energy ) is the Manager, and as such, has direct and exclusive control over the management of the Fund s operations. The Manager performs or arranges for the performance of, the management, advisory and administrative services required for Fund s operations. As compensation for its services, the Manager is entitled to an annual management fee, payable monthly, equal to 2.5% of the total capital contributions made by the Fund s shareholders, net of cumulative dry-hole and related well costs incurred by the Fund. The Fund does not currently, nor is there any plan to, operate any project in which the Fund participates. The Manager enters into operating agreements with third-party operators for the management of all exploration, development and producing operations, as appropriate. The Manager also participates in distributions.

10 

Table of Contents 

Update on Regulations

On July 14, 2016, the U.S. Department of the Interior Bureau of Ocean Energy Management ( BOEM ) issued a Notice to Lessees ( NTL ) that discontinued and materially replaced existing policies and procedures regarding financial security (i.e. supplemental bonding) for decommissioning obligations.  Generally, the new NTL ended the practice of excusing for lessees of federal oil and gas leases, and owners of pipeline rights-of-way and rights-of use and easement on the Outer Continental Shelf ( Lessees ) from providing such additional security where co-lessees had sufficient financial strength to meet such decommissioning obligations, established new criteria for determining financial strength and additional security requirements of such Lessees,  provided acceptable forms of such additional security and replaced the waiver system with one of self-insurance. The new rule became effective as of September 12, 2016 and the Fund, as well as most industry participants, are working with the BOEM, their operators and working interest partners to determine and agree upon the correct level of decommissioning obligations to which they may be liable and the manner in which such obligations will be secured.  

Commodity Price Changes

Changes in commodity prices may significantly affect liquidity and expected operating results. Reductions in oil and gas prices not only reduce revenues and profits, but could also reduce the quantities of reserves that are commercially recoverable. Significant declines in prices could result in non-cash charges to earnings due to impairment.

Since fourth quarter 2014, there has been a significant decline in oil and natural gas prices.  See   Results of Operations  under this Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report for more information on the average oil and natural gas prices received by the Fund during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the effect of such decreased average prices on the Fund s results of operations.  If oil and natural gas prices continue to decline, even if only for a short period of time, the Fund s results of operations and liquidity will continue to be adversely impacted.

Market pricing for oil and natural gas is volatile, and is likely to continue to be volatile in the future.  This volatility is caused by numerous factors and market conditions that the Fund cannot control or influence. Therefore, it is impossible to predict the future price of oil and natural gas with any certainty.  Factors affecting market pricing for oil and natural gas include:

weather conditions; 

economic conditions, including demand for petroleum-based products; 

actions by OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; 

political instability in the Middle East and other major oil and gas producing regions; 

governmental regulations, both domestic and foreign; 

domestic and foreign tax policy; 

the pace adopted by foreign governments for the exploration, development, and production of their national reserves; 

the price of foreign imports of oil and gas; 

the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity; 

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

the overall supply and demand for oil and gas; and 

the availability of alternate fuel sources. 

Business Update

Information regarding the Fund s current projects, all of which are located in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico, is provided in the following table.   See  Liquidity Needs  under this Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report for information regarding the funding of the Fund s capital commitments. 

11 

Table of Contents 

12 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

The following table summarizes the Fund s results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and should be read in conjunction with the Fund s financial statements and notes thereto included within Item 1.  Financial Statements  in Part I of this Quarterly Report.

Overview .  The following table provides information related to the Fund s oil and gas production and oil and gas revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Natural gas liquid ( NGL ) sales are included within gas sales.

The decreases noted in the above table were related to South Marsh Island 111 and West Delta 68, which reached the end of their productive lives in fourth quarter 2015, partially offset by the commencement of production of the Beta Project. The increases in oil sales volumes were attributable to the commencement of production of the Beta Project. See additional discussion in  Business Update  section above.

Oil and Gas Revenue .  The Fund generally sells oil, gas and NGLs under two types of agreements, which are common in the oil and gas industry. Both types of agreements may include transportation charges. One type of agreement is a netback agreement, under which the Fund sells oil and gas at the wellhead and receives a price, net of transportation expense incurred by the purchaser. In this case, the Fund records revenue at the net price received from the purchaser. The second type of agreement is one whereby the Fund pays transportation expense directly. In that case, transportation expense is included within operating expense in the statements of operations.

Oil and gas revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.3 million, a decrease of $37 thousand from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased sales volume.

Oil and gas revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.6 million, a decrease of $1.3 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased sales volume totaling $1.1 million, coupled with decreased oil and gas prices totaling $0.1 million.

See  Overview  above for factors that impact the oil and gas revenue volume and rate variances.

13 

Table of Contents 

Depletion and Amortization .  Depletion and amortization during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.2 million, an increase of $0.1 million from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the average depletion rate which resulted from the onset of production of the Beta Project.

Depletion and amortization during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.2 million, a decrease of $0.4 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased production volumes.

See  Overview  above for certain factors that impact the depletion and amortization volume and rate variances. Depletion and amortization rates may also be impacted by changes in reserve estimates provided annually by the Fund s independent petroleum engineers.

Impairment of Oil and Gas Properties.   During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Fund did not record any impairments of oil and gas properties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund recorded impairments of oil and gas properties totaling $1.2 million, representing the remaining net book values of South Marsh Island 111 and West Delta 68, which produced at nominal rates and were nearing the end of their productive lives at the date of impairment.

Management Fees to Affiliate .  An annual management fee, totaling 2.5% of total capital contributions, net of cumulative dry-hole and related well costs incurred by the Fund, is paid monthly to the Manager.   Such fee may be temporarily waived to accommodate the Fund s short-term capital commitments.

Operating Expenses .  Operating expenses represent costs specifically identifiable or allocable to the Fund s wells, as detailed in the following table.

Lease operating expense relates to the Fund s producing properties. Insurance expense represents premiums related to the Fund s properties, which vary depending upon the number of wells producing or drilling. Workover expense represents costs to restore or stimulate production of existing reserves. Accretion expense related to the asset retirement obligations established for the Fund s proved properties.

The average production cost, which includes lease operating expense and insurance expense, was $17.06 per barrel of oil equivalent ( BOE ) and $13.40 per BOE during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $12.22 per BOE and $8.39 per BOE during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increases were primarily attributable to the impact of costs associated with the commencement of production for the Beta Project, coupled with ongoing costs for a well that is experiencing a natural decline in production.

General and Administrative Expenses.   General and administrative expenses represent costs specifically identifiable or allocable to the Fund, such as accounting and professional fees and insurance expenses.

Interest (Expense) Income, Net .  Interest (expense) income, net is comprised of interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs related to the Fund s long-term borrowings (see  Liquidity Needs  below for additional information), and interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents and salvage fund.

14 

Table of Contents 

Capital Resources and Liquidity

Operating Cash Flows

Cash flows used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.2 million, primarily related to operating expenses of $1.0 million, management fees of $0.6 million and general and administrative expenses of $0.1 million, partially offset by revenue received of $0.5 million.

Cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $0.1 million, related to revenue received of $2.4 million, partially offset by management fees of $1.3 million and operating expenses of $1.0 million.

Investing Cash Flows

Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.9 million, primarily related to capital expenditures for oil and gas properties.

Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $2.5 million, primarily related to capital expenditures for oil and gas properties.

Financing Cash Flows

Cash flows provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.9 million, related to proceeds from long-term borrowings.

Cash flows provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $0.7 million, related to proceeds from long-term borrowings of $1.4 million, partially offset by manager and shareholder distributions totaling $0.7 million.

Estimated Capital Expenditures

Capital Commitments

The Fund has entered into multiple agreements for the acquisition, drilling and development of its oil and gas properties. The estimated capital expenditures associated with these agreements vary depending on the stage of development on a property-by-property basis. See  Business Update  under this Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report for information regarding the Fund s current projects.  See  Liquidity Needs  below for additional information.

Capital expenditures for oil and gas properties have been funded with the capital raised by the Fund in its private placement offering, and in certain circumstances, through debt financing.  The number of projects in which the Fund could invest was limited, and each unsuccessful project the Fund experienced exhausted its capital and reduced its ability to generate revenue.

Liquidity Needs

The Fund s primary short-term liquidity needs are to fund its operations and capital expenditures for its oil and gas properties. Such needs are funded utilizing operating income, existing cash on-hand and borrowings.

As of September 30, 2016, the Fund s estimated capital commitments related to its oil and gas properties were $6.2 million (which include asset retirement obligations for the Fund s projects of $2.4 million), of which $4.7 million is expected to be spent during the next twelve months. These expected capital commitments exceed available working capital and salvage fund by $5.6 million as of September 30, 2016. The Fund has entered into a credit agreement to provide capital for the Beta Project. See  Credit Agreement  below for additional information.

Based upon its current cash position, its current reserve estimates and its current development plan of the Beta Project, the Fund expects cash flow from operations and borrowings to be sufficient to cover its commitments, borrowing repayments, as well as ongoing operations. Reserve estimates are projections based on engineering data that cannot be measured with precision, require substantial judgment, and are subject to frequent revision.

The Manager is entitled to receive an annual management fee from the Fund regardless of the Fund s profitability in that year. However, pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement, the Manager is also permitted to waive management fee at its own discretion. Such fee may be temporarily waived to accommodate the Fund s short-term capital commitments.

15 

Table of Contents 

Distributions, if any, are funded from available cash from operations, as defined in the LLC Agreement, and the frequency and amount are within the Manager s discretion. Due to the significant capital required to develop the Beta Project, distributions have been impacted, and will be impacted in the future, by amounts reserved to provide for its ongoing development costs, debt service costs, and funding its estimated asset retirement obligations.

Credit Agreement

In November 2012, the Fund entered into a credit agreement (as amended on September 30, 2016, the  Credit Agreement ) with Rahr Energy Investments LLC, as administrative agent and lender (and any other banks or financial institutions that may in the future become a party thereto), that provides for an aggregate loan commitment to the Fund of approximately $12.8 million to provide capital toward the funding of the Fund s share of development costs on the Beta Project. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund had borrowed $6.5 million and $5.7 million, respectively, under the Credit Agreement.

Unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs of $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $0.4 million as of December 31, 2015 are presented as a reduction of  Long-term borrowings  on the balance sheets.

Principal and interest amounts are contracted to be repaid beginning October 2016, over a period not to extend beyond December 31, 2020. The Fund expects operating income from the Beta Project will be sufficient to cover the principal and interest payments required under the Credit Agreement. See Note 3 of  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements     Credit Agreement   Beta Project Financing  contained in Item 1.  Financial Statements  within Part I of this Quarterly Report for more information regarding the Credit Agreement.

The Credit Agreement contains customary negative covenants including covenants that limit the Fund s ability to, among other things, grant liens, change the nature of its business, or merge into or consolidate with other persons. The events which constitute events of default are also customary for credit facilities of this nature and include payment defaults, breaches of representations, warrants and covenants, insolvency and change of control. Upon the occurrence of a default, in some cases following a notice and cure period, the Lenders under the Credit Agreement may accelerate the maturity of the Loan and require full and immediate repayment of all borrowings under the Credit Agreement. The Fund believes it is in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Fund had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and does not anticipate the use of such arrangements in the future.

Contractual Obligations

The Fund enters into participation and joint operating agreements with operators. On behalf of the Fund, an operator enters into various contractual commitments pertaining to exploration, development and production activities. The Fund does not negotiate such contracts. No contractual obligations exist as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, other than those discussed in  Estimated Capital Expenditures  and  Liquidity Needs   Credit Agreement  above.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 of  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  -  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  contained in Item 1.  Financial Statements  within Part I of this Quarterly Report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.

ITEM 3.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not required.

16 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

In accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Fund s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.

There has been no change in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting.

17 

Table of Contents 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None.

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Not required.

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None.

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None.

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None.

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT 

NUMBER 

TITLE OF EXHIBIT 

METHOD OF FILING 

31.1

Certification of Robert E. Swanson, Chief Executive Officer of

the Fund, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)

Filed herewith

31.2

Certification of Kathleen P. McSherry, Executive Vice President

and Chief Financial Officer of the Fund, pursuant to Exchange

Act Rule 13a-14(a)

Filed herewith

32

Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted

pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,

signed by Robert E. Swanson, Chief Executive Officer of the

Fund and Kathleen P. McSherry, Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer of the Fund

Filed herewith

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

Filed herewith

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

Filed herewith

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

Filed herewith

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

Filed herewith

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

Filed herewith

18 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY S FUND, LLC

Dated:

November 10, 2016

By:

/s/

ROBERT E. SWANSON

Name:

Robert E. Swanson

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Dated:

November 10, 2016

By:

/s/

KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY

Name:

Kathleen P. McSherry

Title:

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, Robert E. Swanson, certify that:

1.            I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC; 

2.            Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.            Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.            The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.            The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:

November 10, 2016

/s/

ROBERT E. SWANSON

Name:

Robert E. Swanson

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Kathleen P. McSherry, certify that:

1.            I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC; 

2.            Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.            Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.            The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.            The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:

November 10, 2016

/s/

KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY

Name:

Kathleen P. McSherry

Title:

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Ridgewood Energy S Fund, LLC (the  Fund ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, (the  Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Fund hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge:

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund. 

Dated:

November 10, 2016

/s/

ROBERT E. SWANSON

Name:

Robert E. Swanson

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Dated:

November 10, 2016

/s/

KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY

Name:

Kathleen P. McSherry

Title:

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

A signed original of this written statement or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Fund and will be retained by the Fund and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik1352190-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik1352190-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik1352190-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik1352190-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik1352190-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik1352190-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

