<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1582249_0001144204-16-135471_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2804858</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88074</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>167886</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>709023</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1204979</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>572219</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135471.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121062732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135471
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rasna Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582249
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				392080103
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-191083
		FILM NUMBER:		162009023

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-398-4627

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Active With Me Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135471.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v452348_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

x  
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly Period Ended  September
30, 2016  

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from ___ to ___ 

Commission file number  333-191083  

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Nevada    
        39-2080103     
 
       (State or other jurisdiction
        of  
          incorporation or organization)   
       (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification Number)    

420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2525, New
York, NY 10170   

  (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip
Code)  

Telephone: (646) 396-4087   

(Registrant s
telephone number)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.   Yes   x   No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes
  x   No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer    
         
      Accelerated filer    
         
      Non-accelerated filer    
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes       
No  x  

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 64,679,798 shares of common
stock were issued and outstanding as of November 9, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE    
 
       PART I   
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       Financial statements   
       
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance
    Sheets - September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and March 31, 2016   
       
      3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

4  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity  
       
     5  

Unaudited Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      6   

Notes to the Condensed
    Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   
       
      7   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations   
       
      15   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk   
       
      22   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       Controls and procedures   
       
      22   

PART II   
        OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM
    1A  
       Risk factors   
       
      23   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       Exhibits   
       
      23   

SIGNATURES    
       
     24  

2   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 

3   

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated
interim financial statements. 

4   

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements.  

5   

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 

6   

RASNA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

1.      GENERAL INFORMATION   

Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Active
With Me, Inc.) (the  Company  or  Rasna Successor ), is a company incorporated in the State of Nevada. 

Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. ( Rasna
Inc. ), is a company incorporated in the State of Delaware. Prior to May 17, 2016 Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. was a non-trading
holding company with an investment in one subsidiary company, and also controlled an entity in which it was deemed the primary
beneficiary. 

Arna Therapeutics Limited ( Arna )
was a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands under applicable law and regulation. Arna was incorporated on September
30, 2013. Arna only has one segment of activity which is that of a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on targeted drugs
to treat diseases in oncology and immunology, mainly focusing on the treatment of Leukemia. 

On May 17, 2016, Rasna and its subsidiary
Falconridge entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization ( Merger Agreement ) with Arna. Pursuant
to the agreement, Arna was merged into Falconridge and the shareholders of Arna were issued shares of Rasna in exchange for shares
of Arna. 

The Merger is being treated as a reverse
acquisition effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since Arna s operations, Board
of Directors and Management will remain subsequent to the consummation of the transaction, however, the legal aquiror is Rasna
Inc. As a result, the historical operations that are reflected in these financial statements are those of Arna, and the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed and in the transaction with Rasna Therapeutics, Inc have been written to fair value in accordance
with ASC 805, Business Combinations. Refer to  Note 3 - Acquisitions,  for more information related to the transaction. 

On August 15, 2016, Active With Me, Inc.,
entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with Rasna, Inc., and Rasna
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. ( Merger Sub ), providing
for the merger of Merger Sub with and into Rasna, Inc. (the  Merger ), with Rasna, Inc. surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. As a result of the Merger, the resulting company, Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., is a biotechnology
company that is engaged in modulating the molecular targets NPM1 and LSD1, which are implicated in the disease progression of leukemia
and lymphoma. 

The Merger is being treated as a reverse
recapitalization effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since substantially all of Active
With Me s operations were disposed of prior to the consummation of the transaction.  Rasna Successor is treated
as the accounting acquirer as its stockholders control the Company after the Exchange Agreement, even though Active With Me, Inc.
was the legal acquirer.  As a result, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in
these financial statements are those of Rasna Successor as if Rasna Successor had always been the reporting company.  Since
Active With Me, Inc. had no operations upon the Merger Agreement taking place, the transaction was treated as a reverse recapitalization
for accounting purposes and no goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded by the Company as a result of the Merger Agreement. 

The Company only has one segment of activity
which is that of a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on targeted drugs to treat diseases in oncology and immunology,
mainly focusing on the treatment of Leukemia. 

These financial statements are presented
in United States dollars ( USD ) which is also the functional currency of the primary economic environment in which
the Company operates. Foreign operations are included in accordance with policies set out in note 2 below. 

2.      ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The principal
accounting policies applied in the preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been applied consistently to all the periods presented unless otherwise stated. 

Basis of preparation   

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ). Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) and Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ). 

7   

Principles of Consolidation   

In accordance with ASC 810,  Consolidation,  the
Company consolidates any entity in which it has a controlling financial interest. Further, the Company consolidates any
variable interest entity that it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of, and have the power to direct its
significant activities. Upon review of the relationship between Rasna Therapeutics Limited ( Rasna UK ) and
Rasna Inc., Management noted that equity investment in Rasna UK is not sufficient to fund its operations. Accordingly, Rasna
Inc. is considered to be the primary beneficiary of the assets held within Rasna UK, which primarily consist of
cash received from Rasna Inc. to fund its operations, and has power to direct its significant activities. As a result, Rasna
Inc. consolidates this variable interest entity. 

The interim
condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary, Arna
Therapeutics Limited as well as the operations of Rasna Inc. for the period from May 17, 2016 through September 30, 2016. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Business Combinations   

Management accounts for business combinations
under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805-10, Business Combinations ( ASC 805-10 ),
which requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
including non-controlling interests, are recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. ASC 805-10 also specifies
criteria that intangible assets acquired in a business combination must meet to be recognized and reported apart from goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired in
a business combination. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combinations and are expensed
as incurred. 

The amounts reflected within the  Note
3 - Acquisitions  are the results of the preliminary purchase price allocation and will be updated upon completion of the final
valuation report. Management is required to complete the purchase price allocation within 12 months of the acquisition date. If
such completion of the allocation results in a change in the preliminary values, the measurement period adjustment will be recognized
in the period in which the adjustment amount is determined in accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2015-16, Simplifying
the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments ( ASU 2015-16 ). 

Going concern   

The Company is subject to a number of risks
similar to those of other pre-commercial stage companies, including its dependence on key individuals, uncertainty of product development
and generation of revenues, dependence on outside sources of capital, risks associated with research, development, testing, and
obtaining related regulatory approvals of its pipeline products, suppliers and collaborators, successful protection of intellectual
property, competition with larger, better-capitalized companies, successful completion of the Company's development programs and,
ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations are dependent on future events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill
its development activities and generating a level of revenues adequate to support the Company's cost structure. 

The Company has
experienced net losses and significant cash outflows from cash used in operating activities over the past years, and as at September
30, 2016, had an accumulated deficit of $6,331,183, a net loss for the six months ended September 30, 2016 of $1,507,135 and net
cash used in operating activities of $1,353,798. 

We expect to continue to incur net
losses and have significant cash outflows for at least the next twelve months. The Group has sufficient funds to continue
operating until the end of the third quarter of 2017, but will require significant additional cash resources to launch new
development phases of existing products in its pipeline. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about the
Group's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Group will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the
Group's assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. A successful transition to attaining
profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of positive cash flows adequate to support the Group's cost
structure.      

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to the fair values of stock
based awards, income taxes and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material to our
consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Fair Value   

The carrying value of the Company s
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, related party balances, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of such financial instruments. Management measures certain other assets, including
nonmarketable equity securities, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of related party receivables. 

Deposits held with banks, including those
held in foreign branches of global banks, may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. These deposits may be redeemed
upon demand and bear minimal risk. Management believes that the institutions that hold our instruments are financially sound and
are subject to minimal credit risk. 

Cash and cash equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents consists of cash on deposit with banks
with an original maturity of three months or less. 

Goodwill and Intangible assets   

Intangible assets are made up of in-process
research and development, ( IPR D ) and certain intellectual property ( IP ). IPR D assets represent
the fair value assigned to acquired technologies, which at the time of acquisition have not reached technological feasibility and
have no alternative future use. IP assets represent the fair value assigned to technologies, which at the time of acquisition have
reached technological feasibility, however, have not yet been put into service. Intangible assets are considered to have an indefinite
useful life until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development projects at which time they will be
amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their economic or legal useful life. 

Goodwill represents the premium paid over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired
in business combinations.  Goodwill is not amortized; rather, it is subject to a periodic assessment for impairment by
applying a fair value based test.  Goodwill is assessed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment charge is recognized only when the implied
fair value of the Company s reporting unit s goodwill is less than its carrying amount. 

8   

Management evaluates indefinite life intangible
assets for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual impairment
tests indicate that the asset might be impaired. The ongoing evaluation for impairment of its indefinite life intangible assets
requires significant management estimates and judgment. Management reviews definite life intangible assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. There were no impairment
charges as of the six months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Risks and Uncertainties   

The Company intends
to operate in an industry that is subject to rapid change. The Company s operations will be subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory, and other risks associated with an early stage company,
including the potential risk of business failure. 

Research and development   

Expenditure on research and development
is charged to the statements of operation in the year in which it is incurred with the exception of expenditures incurred in respect
of the development of major new products where the outcome of those projects is assessed as being reasonably certain in regards
to viability and technical feasibility. Such expenditure is capitalized and amortized straight line over the estimated period of
sale for each product, commencing in the year that sales of the product are first made. To date, the Company has not capitalized
any such expenditures other than certain IPR D   IP recorded in connection with certain acquisition or equity transactions. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Management considers many factors when assessing
the likelihood of future realization of deferred tax assets, including recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations
of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors.
A valuation allowance may be established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that management believes is more likely than
not to be realized. Due to inherent complexities arising from the nature of the business, future changes in income tax law and
variances between actual and anticipated operating results, management makes certain judgments and estimates. Therefore, actual
income taxes could materially vary from these estimates. 

The Company recognizes in the financial
statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not to be sustained upon an examination, based on
the technical merits of the position. The Company records a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured
and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on the Company s tax return. To the extent that the assessment of such
tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. To the extent interest
and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction
of the overall income tax provision. The Company incurred no liability and, therefore, did not need to record interest and penalties
during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Foreign Currency   

Items included in the
financial statements are measured using their functional currency, being the currency of the primary economic environment in which
the company operates. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar ( USD ), which is the company s
functional and presentational currency. 

Foreign currency transactions
are translated using the rate of exchange applicable at the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting
from the settlement of such transactions and from the re-translation at the year end of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies are recognized in the statements of operations. 

Net Loss per Share   

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants, using various methods such as
the treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each reporting
period. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 there were no common equivalent shares. 

The following is the computation of net loss per share for the
following periods: 

9   

Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees   

The Company offers stock-based compensation
awards based on fair value as of the grant date. Management uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate the
fair value of stock options on the dates of grant. 

Given the limited history with employee
grants, the  simplified  method is used for estimating the expected term for stock option awards. The  simplified 
method, is calculated as the average of the contractual term and the average vesting period. Estimated volatility is based upon
the historical volatility of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available, as the Company did not have sufficient
trading history for its common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond
on the date the stock option award is granted, with a maturity equal to the expected term of the stock option award. The expected
dividend assumption is based on the current expectations about the Company s anticipated dividend policy. 

The fair value of an award expected to
vest on a straight-line basis is amortized over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the period from the
grant date to the end of the vesting period. For awards with service only conditions and a graded vesting schedule, management
elected to recognize costs on a straight-line basis. The Company uses historical data to estimate the number of future forfeitures. 

3.      ACQUISITIONS   

The following transactions were accounted
for using the purchase accounting method which requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
recognized at their acquisition date fair value. 

On May 5, 2016, Rasna UK sold its intellectual
property to Falconridge, a subsidiary of Rasna, for a note payable in the amount of $236,269. Rasna UK is considered a VIE and
consolidated in these financial statements, however, is not an entity under common control as Rasna controlled both Falconridge
and Rasna UK at the time of the transaction, this transaction eliminates on consolidation. 

On May 17, 2016, Rasna and its subsidiary
Falconridge entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization with Arna. Pursuant to the agreement, Arna was merged
into Falconridge and the shareholders of Arna were issued shares of Rasna in exchange for shares of Arna. Arna was deemed to be
the accounting acquirer because Rasna and Falconridge Holdings Limited were non-trading holding companies and Arna s operations
will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as the senior management of the
combined entity. Further, 65% of the voting interest in Rasna was acquired by Arna shareholders in connection with the transaction.
Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity, Rasna, were written to fair value in accordance with the Acquisition
Method prescribed in ASC 805, Business Combinations. 

The consideration transferred was measured
based upon the share price recently received during a non-public equity raise in Rasna, during which non-related investors paid
$0.40 per share of common stock. During the acquisition transaction, 19,187,500 of 54,837,790 shares were issued to legacy Rasna
shareholders, which results in consideration transferred to the acquiree s shareholders of $7,675,000. 

The preliminary purchase price allocation
as of the date of acquisition is set forth in the table below and reflects various preliminary fair value estimates and analysis.
These estimates are subject to change during the purchase price allocation period (up to one year from the acquisition date) as
valuations are finalized. The Company s allocation of the purchase price in connection with the acquisition was calculated
as follows: 

Of the above assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, the intellectual property acquired was owned by Falconridge and the residual assets acquired and liabilities assumed comprised
the VIE that was controlled by Rasna, Inc. 

Active With Me, Inc.  

On August 15, 2016, Active With Me, Inc.,
entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with Rasna, Inc., and Rasna
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. ( Merger Sub ), providing
for the merger of Merger Sub with and into Rasna, Inc. (the  Merger ), with Rasna, Inc. surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. As a result of the Merger, the resulting company, Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., is a biotechnology
company that is engaged in modulating the molecular targets NPM1 and LSD1, which are implicated in the disease progression of leukemia
and lymphoma. 

10   

The Merger is being treated as a reverse
recapitalization effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since substantially all of Active
With Me s operations were disposed of prior to the consummation of the transaction.  Rasna Successor is treated
as the accounting acquirer as its stockholders control the Company after the Exchange Agreement, even though Active With Me, Inc.
was the legal acquirer.  As a result, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in
these financial statements are those of Rasna Successor as if Rasna Successor had always been the reporting company.  Since
Active With Me, Inc. had no operations upon the Merger Agreement taking place, the transaction was treated as a reverse recapitalization
for accounting purposes and no goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded by the Company as a result of the Merger Agreement. 

Thereafter, pursuant to a Stock Purchase
Agreement, the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of Rasna Successor to a former officer and director of
Active With Me, Inc. in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Rasna Successor s common stock held
by such person. 

In connection with the share exchange,
each share of Rasna, Inc was exchanged for the right to receive .33 shares in Active With Me, Inc. Once issued, the new shares
were combined with the 3,305,000 common shares held by legacy Active With Me, Inc. shareholders. Immediately following the Merger,
1,500,000 shares were canceled, which related to one legacy Active With Me shareholder that effectively spun off the remaining
assets of Active With Me in connection with the transaction. Finally, subsequent to the transaction, the legal acquirer executed
a 3.25 for 1 stock split on its common shares. Historical common stock amounts and additional paid-in capital have been adjusted
for the effect of the share splits executived in connection with the Merger transaction at the time of the Merger,
as the stock splits occurred in conjunction with the Merger transaction. Following the closing of the Merger and Rasna Successor s
cancellation of 1,500,000 shares in the Split-Off, there were 19,901,471 shares of Rasna Successor issued and outstanding, which
once effected for the 3.25 for 1 reverse stock split, resulted in 64,679,798 shares outstanding in the combined entity. 

4.   
       GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS    

As noted in  Note 3 - Acquisitions,  on
May 17, 2016, there was a transaction where the Company acquired an entity and, at initial purchase price, it was determined that
there was $236,269 of intellectual property and $3,402,941 of Goodwill. 

Goodwill   

The following table summarizes the Company s
goodwill for the periods indicated resulting from the acquisitions by the Company: 

11   

Intangible Assets   

The IPR D and intellectual property
are considered to have an indefinite life and there were no impairment charges recognized during the periods ended September 30,
2016 or September 30, 2015. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
intangible assets as of the following periods:  

5.      ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND
ACCRUED EXPENSES   

The following table summarizes the Company s
accounts payable and accrued expenses as of the following periods: 

6.      ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK   

As discussed in  Note 3 - Acquisitions ,
on May 17, 2016, the Company completed a reverse merger whereby 35,650,289 shares of Arna were canceled and converted to a right
to receive 35,650,289 shares of the Company s stock. In effect, as a result of the share exchange, an additional 19,187,500
shares were ultimately issued to previous Rasna non-affiliate shareholders at a price of $0.40 per share of common stock. Management
used the price of $0.40 per share of common stock based on the value of shares used by Rasna in its equity raise that occurred
in April 2016, where such shares were issued in contemplation of the merger transaction occurring in May 2016. 

In addition, as noted in the Reverse
Recapitalization section of Note 1, the Company effectively completed a 1 for 3 share exchange prior to the Merger, and then
issued 3,305,000 common shares to legacy Active With Me shareholders. Immediately following the Merger, 1,500,000 shares were
canceled, which related to one legacy Active With Me shareholder that effectively spun off the remaining assets of Active
With Me in connection with the transaction. Finally, subsequent to the transaction, the Company executed a 3.25 for 1 stock
split on its common shares. Common stock amounts and additional paid-in capital have been adjusted for the effect of the
share splits executived in connection with the Merger transaction at the time of the Merger, as the stock splits
occurred in conjunction with the Merger transaction. 

7.      RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

During the normal course of its
business, the Company enters into various transactions with entities that are both businesses and individuals. The following is
a summary of the related party transactions as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

(1)   
       Eurema Consulting S.r.l.    

Eurema Consulting S.r.l. was
a significant shareholder of Arna Therapeutics Limited. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and three months
ended September 30, 2015, Eurema Consulting S.r.l. supplied Arna Therapeutics Limited with consulting services amounting to $25,000
and $25,000, respectively. During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and six months ended September 30, 2015, Eurema
Consulting S.r.l. supplied Arna Therapeutics Limited with consulting services amounting to $25,000 and $50,000, respectively. As
of September 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016, Eurema Consulting S.r.l was owed $275,000 and $225,000, respectively, by Arna Therapeutics
Limited. 

(2)   
       Non-corporate related parties.    

Riccardo
Dalla Favera  

Riccardo Dalla Favera is a Director
of Rasna Therapeutics Inc. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Riccardo Dalla Favera charged the Company $18,750
and $6,250, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. During the six months September 30, 2016 and 2015 Riccardo Dalla Favera
charged the Company $25,000 and $12,500, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. As of September 30, 2016, and March 31,
2016 the balance due to Riccardo Dalla Fevera was $68,849 and $56,250, respectively. 

James Mervis  

James Mervis is a Director of
Rasna Therapeutics Inc. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, James Mervis charged the Company $9,406 and $6,250,
respectively, in respect of consultancy fees, travel and reimbursement of professional fees. During the six months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, James Mervis charged the Company $12,500 and $6,250, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees, travel and
reimbursement of professional fees. As of September 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016 the balance due to James Mervis was $46,807 and
$34,406, respectively. 

12   

Gabriele Cerrone  

Gabriele Cerrone is a Director
of Rasna Therapeutics Inc. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Gabriele Cerrone charged the Company $25,000,
and $25,000, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Gabriele
Cerrone charged the Company $50,000, and $50,000, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. As of September 30, 2016, and March
31, 2016, the balance due to Gabriele Cerrone was $175,000 and $125,000, respectively. 

Roberto Pellicceri  

Roberto Pellicceri is a Director
of Rasna Therapeutics Inc. and sole shareholder of TES Pharma Srl. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Roberto
Pellicceri charged the Company $25,000 and $25,000, respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. During the six months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, Roberto Pellicceri charged the Company $50,000 and $50,000 respectively, in respect of consultancy fees. As
of September 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016, the balance due to Roberto Pellicceri was $175,000 and $125,000, respectively. 

There is no interest charged on the balances
with related parties. There are no defined repayment terms and such amounts can be called for payment at any time. 

8.     STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

The Company adopted a new stock option
plan in July 2016. Historically,
the Company has awarded stock grants to certain of its consultants that did not contain any performance or service conditions.
Compensation expense included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations includes the fair value of the awards
at the time of issuance. 

2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  

On July 19, 2016, the Company adopted its
2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Equity Incentive Plan ). The plan was established to attract, motivate, retain and reward
selected employees and other eligible persons. For the Equity Incentive Plan, employees, officers, directors and consultants who
provide services to the Company or one of the Company s subsidiaries may be selected to receive awards. A total of 3,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock was authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under the Equity Incentive
Plan. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, an aggregate of 1,300,000 shares were granted under the Equity Incentive
Plan. 

The fair values of stock option grants
during the six months ended September 30, 2016 were calculated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. Compensation expense is recognized over the period of service, generally the vesting period. During the six months ended
September 30, 2016, 1,300,000 options were granted by the Company. No stock options were granted in the six months ended September
30, 2015. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options
for the six months ended September 30, 2016: 

Six Months Ended September 30, 2016    
 
      Expected life (years)  
       
      3   
 
      Expected volatility  
       
      137%   
 
      Expected dividend yield  
       
       %   
 
      Risk-free interest rate  
       
      1.06%   
 
      Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period  
       
      $1.03   

Estimated volatility is based upon
the historical volatility of two similar entities whose share prices are publicly available, as the Company did not have
sufficient trading history for its common stock. 

13   

The following table summarizes stock option activity for the
six month period ended September 30, 2016: 

There were no options exercised during
the six month period ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. Options for the purchase of an aggregate of 375,000 shares of common
stock vested during the six month period ended September 30, 2016, and the aggregate fair value at grant date of these options
was $386,250. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1,068,645 of total unrecognized compensation cost related
to stock options. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.83 years. The charge related to share
based compensation to non employees is included within the Consultancy fees third parties expense category in the unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements. 

9.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

There are no material commitments and contingencies
at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Note About Forward-Looking Statements  

This section and other parts of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include
any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified
by words such as  future,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects, 
 intends,   plans,   predicts,   will,   would,   could, 
 can,   may,  and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
the Company s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors
that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2016 under the heading  Risk Factors,  which are incorporated herein
by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
included in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2016.  

We assume no obligation to revise or
publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.  Given these
risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  

Unless expressly indicated or the context
requires otherwise, the terms  Rasna, ,  the  Company,   we,   us,  and  our 
refer to Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and, where appropriate, its wholly owned subsidiaries.  

Company Background   

Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Active
With Me, Inc.) (the  Company  or  Rasna Successor ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December
6, 2012. 

Arna Therapeutics Limited
( Arna ) is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands under applicable law and regulation. Arna was incorporated
on September 30, 2013. Arna only has one segment of activity which is that of a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on
targeted drugs to treat diseases in oncology and immunology, mainly focusing on the treatment of leukemia. 

Rasna Therapeutics
Limited ( Rasna UK ) is a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales under the U.K. Companies Act on
February 10, 2014 (inception).   Rasna UK only has one segment of activity which is that of 
 research and development in clinical drugs for the treatment of leukemia. As of March 31, 2016, Rasna
UK has a wholly owned subsidiary, Falconridge Holdings Limited ( Falconridge ) which has been dormant since its inception.

On April 27, 2016, Rasna
UK sold its stake in Falconridge to Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ( Rasna, Inc. ) for $1. This entity
had no operations, no assets or liabilities as at this date. 

On May 17, 2016, Rasna and its subsidiary
Falconridge entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization ( Merger Agreement ) with Arna. Pursuant
to the agreement, Arna was merged into Falconridge and the shareholders of Arna were issued shares of Rasna in exchange for shares
of Arna. 

The Merger is being treated as a reverse
acquisition effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since Arna s operations, Board of
Directors and management will remain subsequent to the consummation of the transaction, however, the legal aquiror is Rasna Therapeutics,
Inc.   As a result, the historical operations that are reflected in these financial statements are those of Arna, and
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and in the transaction with Rasna Therapeutics, Inc have been written to fair value
in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations.  Refer to  Note 3 - Acquisitions,  for more
information related to the transaction.   

On August 15, 2016, the Company, entered
into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with Rasna, Inc., and Rasna Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ), providing for the merger
of Merger Sub with and into Rasna, Inc. (the  Merger ), with Rasna, Inc. surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. As a result of the Merger, the resulting company, Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., is a biotechnology company that is
engaged in modulating the molecular targets NPM1 and LSD1, which are implicated in the disease progression of leukemia and lymphoma. 

On September 20, 2016, the Company filed
a Certificate of Change in Nevada which effected a 3.25 for 1 forward stock split of its common stock for shareholders of record
as of August 16, 2016 and increased the authorized number of shares of common stock to 200,000,000 shares. 

The Company only has one segment of activity
which is that of a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on targeted drugs to treat diseases in oncology and immunology,
mainly focusing on the treatment of leukemia. 

Acquisitions  

Falconridge  

The following transactions were accounted
for using the purchase accounting method which requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
recognized at their acquisition date fair value. 

On May 5, 2016, Rasna UK sold its intellectual
property to Falconridge, a subsidiary of Rasna, Inc., for a note payable in the amount of $236,269. The fair value of the intellectual
property was deemed to be the $236,269 based on the consideration received. 

On May 17, 2016, Arna was merged into Falconridge
and the shareholders of Arna were issued shares of Rasna, Inc. in exchange for shares of Arna. On this day, Rasna, Inc. and its
subsidiary Falconridge entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization with Arna. Pursuant to the agreement, Arna
was merged into Falconridge and the shareholders of Arna were issued shares of Rasna, Inc. in exchange for shares of Arna. Arna
was deemed to be the accounting acquirer because Rasna, Inc. and Falconridge Holdings Limited were non-trading holding companies
and Arna s operations will comprise the ongoing operations of the combined entity and its senior management will serve as
the senior management of the combined entity. Further, 65% of the voting interest in Rasna, Inc. was acquired in connection with
the transaction. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity, Rasna, Inc., were written to fair value in accordance
with the Acquisition Method prescribed in ASC 805, Business Combinations. 

The consideration transferred was measured
based upon the share price recently received during a non-public equity raise in Rasna, Inc., during which non-related investors
paid $0.40 per share of common stock. During the acquisition transaction, 19,187,500 of 54,837,790 shares were issued to legacy
Rasna, Inc. shareholders, which results in consideration transferred to the acquiree s shareholders of $7,675,000. 

Rasna  

On August 15, 2016, Active With Me, Inc.,
entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with Rasna, Inc., and Rasna
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. ( Merger Sub ), providing
for the merger of Merger Sub with and into Rasna, Inc. (the  Merger ), with Rasna, Inc. surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Active With Me, Inc. As a result of the Merger, the resulting company, Rasna Therapeutics, Inc., is a biotechnology
company that is engaged in modulating the molecular targets NPM1 and LSD1, which are implicated in the disease progression of leukemia
and lymphoma. 

The Merger is being treated as a reverse
recapitalization effected by a share exchange for financial accounting and reporting purposes since substantially all of Active
With Me s operations were disposed of prior to the consummation of the transaction.  Rasna Successor is treated
as the accounting acquirer as its stockholders control the Company after the Exchange Agreement, even though Active With Me, Inc.
was the legal acquirer.  As a result, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in
these financial statements are those of Rasna Successor as if Rasna Successor had always been the reporting company.  Since
Active With Me, Inc. had no operations upon the Merger Agreement taking place, the transaction was treated as a reverse recapitalization
for accounting purposes and no goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded by the Company as a result of the Merger Agreement. 

Thereafter, pursuant to a Stock Purchase
Agreement, the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of Rasna Successor to a former officer and director of
Active With Me, Inc. in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Rasna Successor s common stock held
by such person. 

In connection with the share exchange,
each share of Rasna, Inc was exchanged for the right to receive .33 shares in Active With Me, Inc. Once issued, the new shares
were combined with the 3,305,000 common shares held by legacy Active With Me, Inc. shareholders. Immediately following the Merger,
1,500,000 shares were canceled, which related to one legacy Active With Me shareholder that effectively spun off the remaining
assets of Active With Me in connection with the transaction. Finally, subsequent to the transaction, the legal acquirer executed
a 3.25 for 1 stock split on its common shares. Historical common stock amounts and additional paid-in capital have been retroactively
adjusted for the effect of the share splits executive in connection with the Merger transaction. Following the closing of the Merger
and Rasna Successor s cancellation of 1,500,000 shares in the Split-Off, there were 19,901,471 shares of Rasna Successor
issued and outstanding, which once effected for the 3.25 for 1 reverse stock split, resulted in 64,679,798 shares outstanding in
the combined entity. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP, and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition
and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts
reported in its condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 2     Accounting Policies ,
of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q describes the significant
accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements.  Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Actual
results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material. 

Basis of preparation   

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) and Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). 

Principles of Consolidation   

In accordance with ASC 810,  Consolidation,
 the Company consolidates any entity in which it has a controlling financial interest. Further, the Company consolidates any
variable interest entity that it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of, and have the power to direct its significant activities.
Upon review of the relationship between Rasna Therapeutics ( Rasna UK ) and Rasna, Management noted that equity investment
in Rasna UK is not sufficient to fund its operations. Accordingly, Rasna is considered to be the primary beneficiary of the assets
held within Rasna UK, which primarily consist of cash received from Rasna to fund its operations, and has power to direct its significant
activities. As a result, Rasna consolidates this variable interest entity. 

The interim condensed consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary, Arna Therapeutics Limited as well as the operations
of Rasna for the period from May 17, 2016 through September 30, 2016. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Business Combinations   

Management accounts for business combinations
under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805-10, Business Combinations ( ASC 805-10 ),
which requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
including non-controlling interests, are recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. ASC 805-10 also specifies
criteria that intangible assets acquired in a business combination must meet to be recognized and reported apart from goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired in
a business combination. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combinations and are expensed
as incurred. 

The amounts reflected within the  Note
3 - Acquisitions  are the results of the preliminary purchase price allocation and will be updated upon completion of the final
valuation report. Management is required to complete the purchase price allocation within 12 months of the acquisition date. If
such completion of the allocation results in a change in the preliminary values, the measurement period adjustment will be recognized
in the period in which the adjustment amount is determined in accordance with ASU 2015-16. 

Going concern   

The Company is subject to a number of risks
similar to those of other pre-commercial stage companies, including its dependence on key individuals, uncertainty of product development
and generation of revenues, dependence on outside sources of capital, risks associated with research, development, testing, and
obtaining related regulatory approvals of its pipeline products, suppliers and collaborators, successful protection of intellectual
property, competition with larger, better-capitalized companies, successful completion of the Company's development programs and,
ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations are dependent on future events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill
its development activities and generating a level of revenues adequate to support the Company's cost structure. 

The Company has
experienced net losses and significant cash outflows from cash used in operating activities over the past years, and as at September
30, 2016, had an accumulated deficit of $6,331,183, a net loss for the six months ended September 30, 2016 of $1,507,135 and net
cash used in operating activities of $1,353,798. 

We expect to continue to incur net losses
and have significant cash outflows for at least the next twelve months. The Group has sufficient funds to continue operating until
the end of the third quarter of 2017, but will require significant additional cash resources to launch new development phases of
existing products in its pipeline. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Group's ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Group will continue
as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Group's assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level
of positive cash flows adequate to support the Group's cost structure.      

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to the fair values of stock
based awards, income taxes and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material to our
consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Fair Value   

The carrying value of the Company s
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, related party balances, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of such financial instruments. Management measures certain other assets, including
nonmarketable equity securities, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of related party receivables. 

Deposits held with banks, including those
held in foreign branches of global banks, may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. These deposits may be redeemed
upon demand and bear minimal risk. Management believes that the institutions that hold our instruments are financially sound and
are subject to minimal credit risk. 

Cash and cash equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents consists of cash
on deposit with banks with an original maturity of three months or less. 

Goodwill and Intangible assets   

Intangible assets are made up of in-process
research and development, ( IPR D ) and certain intellectual property ( IP ). IPR D assets represent
the fair value assigned to acquired technologies, which at the time of acquisition have not reached technological feasibility and
have no alternative future use. IP assets represent the fair value assigned to technologies, which at the time of acquisition have
reached technological feasibility, however, have not yet been put into service. Intangible assets are considered to have an indefinite
useful life until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development projects at which time they will be
amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their economic or legal useful life. 

Goodwill represents the premium paid over
the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in business combinations.  Goodwill is not amortized;
rather, it is subject to a periodic assessment for impairment by applying a fair value based test.  Goodwill is assessed
for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.
An impairment charge is recognized only when the implied fair value of the Company s reporting unit s goodwill is less
than its carrying amount. 

Management evaluates indefinite life intangible
assets for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual impairment
tests indicate that the asset might be impaired. The ongoing evaluation for impairment of its indefinite life intangible assets
requires significant management estimates and judgment. Management reviews definite life intangible assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. There were no impairment
charges as of the six months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Risks and Uncertainties   

The Company intends
to operate in an industry that is subject to rapid change. The Company s operations will be subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory, and other risks associated with an early stage company,
including the potential risk of business failure. 

Research and development   

Expenditure on research and development
is charged to the statements of operation in the year in which it is incurred with the exception of expenditures incurred in respect
of the development of major new products where the outcome of those projects is assessed as being reasonably certain in regards
to viability and technical feasibility. Such expenditure is capitalized and amortized straight line over the estimated period of
sale for each product, commencing in the year that sales of the product are first made. To date, the Company has not capitalized
any such expenditures other than certain IPR D   IP recorded in connection with certain acquisition or equity transactions. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Management considers many factors when assessing
the likelihood of future realization of deferred tax assets, including recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations
of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors.
A valuation allowance may be established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that management believes is more likely than
not to be realized. Due to inherent complexities arising from the nature of the business, future changes in income tax law and
variances between actual and anticipated operating results, management makes certain judgments and estimates. Therefore, actual
income taxes could materially vary from these estimates. 

The Company recognizes in the financial
statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not to be sustained upon an examination, based on
the technical merits of the position. The Company records a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured
and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on the Company s tax return. To the extent that the assessment of such
tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. To the extent interest
and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction
of the overall income tax provision. The Company incurred no liability and, therefore, did not need to record interest and penalties
during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Foreign Currency,   

Items included in the
financial statements are measured using their functional currency, being the currency of the primary economic environment in which
the company operates. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar ( USD ), which is the company s
functional and presentational currency. 

Foreign currency transactions
are translated using the rate of exchange applicable at the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting
from the settlement of such transactions and from the re-translation at the year end of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies are recognized in the statements of operations. 

Net Loss per Share   

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants, using various methods such as
the treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each reporting
period. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 there were no common equivalent shares. 

Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees   

The Company offers stock-based compensation
awards based on fair value as of the grant date. Management uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate the
fair value of stock options on the dates of grant. 

Given the limited history with employee
grants, the  simplified  method is used for estimating the expected term for stock option awards. The  simplified 
method, is calculated as the average of the contractual term and the average vesting period. Estimated volatility is based upon
the historical volatility of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available, as the Company did not have sufficient
trading history for its common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond
on the date the stock option award is granted, with a maturity equal to the expected term of the stock option award. The expected
dividend assumption is based on the current expectations about the Company s anticipated dividend policy. 

The fair value of an award expected to
vest on a straight-line basis is amortized over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the period from the
grant date to the end of the vesting period. For awards with service only conditions and a graded vesting schedule, management
elected to recognize costs on a straight-line basis. The Company uses historical data to estimate the number of future forfeitures. 

Results of Operations  

The following paragraphs set forth our
results of operations for the periods presented.  The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily
indicative of future results. 

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended of September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table sets forth the summary
statements of operations for the periods indicated: 

Revenues  

There were no revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. does not have any commercial biopharmaceutical products. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses consisting of, research
and development costs, consultancy fees, legal and professional fees and general and administrative expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased to $1,341,726 from $117,343 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of $1,224,383. The increase is primarily attributable to increased research and development activity in conjunction with additional
general administrative costs. 

Net Loss  

Net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased to $1,291,370 from $117,343 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1,174,027. The increase
is primarily attributable to increased research and development cost associated with licensing agreements, offset by an increase
in foreign currency transaction gains. 

Results of Operations for the Six Months
Ended of September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table sets forth the summary
statements of operations for the periods indicated: 

Revenues  

There were no revenues for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. does not have any commercial biopharmaceutical products. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses consisting of, research
and development costs, consultancy fees, legal and professional fees and general and administrative expenses for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 increased to $1,560,152 from $224,319 for the six months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of $1,335,833. The increase is primarily attributable to increased research and development activity in conjunction with increased
general and administrative costs. 

Net Loss  

Net loss for the six months ended September
30, 2016 increased to $1,507,135 from $224,319 for the six months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1,282,816. The increase
is primarily attributable to increased research and development cost associated with licensing agreements, offset by an increase
in foreign currency transaction gains. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We will be required to raise additional
capital within the next year to continue the development and commercialization of current product candidates and to fund operations.
We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Recently worldwide economic conditions
and the international equity and credit markets have significantly deteriorated and may remain difficult for the foreseeable future.
These developments will make it more difficult to obtain additional equity or credit financing, when needed. To the extent that
we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience significant dilution. Any debt financing,
if available, may (i) involve restrictive covenants that impact our ability to conduct, delay, scale back or discontinue the development
and/or commercialization of one or more product candidates; (ii) seek collaborators for product candidates at an earlier stage
than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; or (iii) relinquish
or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize
its self on unfavorable terms. 

Capital Resources  

The following table summarizes total current
assets, liabilities and working capital as of the periods indicated: 

We had a cash balance of $3,762,811 and
$0, as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively.  

Liquidity  

The following table sets forth a summary
of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating
Activities  

Cash used in operating activities consists
of net loss adjusted for the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating activities was
$1,353,798 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The change
is principally attributable to net loss of $1,507,135 excluding non-cash items such as share based compensation to non-employees
of $407,468 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of ($254,131) and for the six months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to a net loss of $224,319 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of $224,319 for the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

Cash Provided by Investing Activities  

Cash provided by investing activities consists
of assets acquired in business combination of a VIE of $5,116,609 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for
the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We consolidate variable interest entities
( VIE ) in which we hold a controlling financial interest as evidenced by the power to direct the activities of a
VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits
from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE and therefore are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. We take
into account our entire involvement in a VIE (explicit or implicit) in identifying variable interests that individually or in
the aggregate could be significant enough to warrant our designation as the primary beneficiary and hence require us to consolidate
the VIE or otherwise require us to make appropriate disclosures. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

We maintain  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ). In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized
that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and
procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions. 

As of the end
of the period covered by this Report, the Company s President, and principal financial officer (the  Certifying Officer ),
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the officer concluded that, as of the date of the evaluation,
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information
required to be disclosed in the Company s periodic filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and
communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Certifying
Officer has also indicated that there were no changes in internal controls over financial reporting during the Company s
last fiscal quarter, and no significant changes in our internal controls or other factors that could significantly affect such
controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation and there were no corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses. 

Our management,
including the Certifying Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent all errors
and fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control. The design of
any systems of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of these
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

As a result of the post-acquisition integration
of our Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. related activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016, we are in the process of evaluating
the impact of the acquisition on our internal control over financial reporting as well as the necessary controls and procedures
to be implemented. 

In reliance upon SEC guidance, we intend
to exclude management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting in the Form 10-K for our current year; and,
accordingly will not be providing such assessment on an interim basis either in respect to the Company s (formerly Active
With Me) prior business or the continuing business. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the
Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2016, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. The risks
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known
to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  

31.1* 
         31.2*  

Certification of Principal Executive and
        Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
         Certification of Principal Executive and
        Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1* 
         32.2*  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
        Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
         Certification of Principal Executive Officer
        Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

* Filed Herewith 

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Rasna Therapeutics, Inc.    

November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ James Tripp   

Name: James Tripp 
         Title: Director and Acting Chief
Executive Officer   

November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Tiziano Lazzaretti   

Name: Tiziano Lazzaretti 
         Title: Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452348_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

I, James Tripp, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ James Tripp  

Name: James Tripp 
         Title: Director and Acting Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452348_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

I, Tiziano Lazzaretti, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Tiziano Lazzaretti  

Name: Tiziano Lazzaretti 
         Title: Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452348_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Tiziano Lazzaretti, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  

/s/ James Tripp  

Name: James Tripp 
         Title: Director and Acting Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452348_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Rasna Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Tiziano Lazzaretti, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  

/s/ Tiziano Lazzaretti  

Name: Tiziano Lazzaretti 
         Title: Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rasp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rasp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rasp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rasp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rasp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rasp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

