<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1615222_0001387131-16-007930_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3671193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141201</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252569</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>743542</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1522358</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>932060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007930.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114125423
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007930
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moody National REIT II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				471436295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198305
		FILM NUMBER:		161992944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-977-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007930.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 mnrtii-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from _________to ___________  

Commission file number 333-198305   

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC.      
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(713) 977-7500  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated filer    
      Accelerated filer     

Non-Accelerated filer    
      Smaller reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
Yes   No   

As of November 4, 2016, there were 2,734,069
shares of the Registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  

  INDEX  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       
       Page    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
       
     2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
       
     2  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
     3  

Consolidated Statement of Equity (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   
       
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
     5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
     6  

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      19   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
      30   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      30   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      31   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
       
      31   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      32   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      32   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      32   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
       
      32   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
       
      33   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.        FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY  
 Nine months ended September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

1.    Organization    

Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the  Company )
was formed on July 25, 2014, as a Maryland corporation and intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT )
beginning with the year ending December 31, 2016. The Company has used, and expects to use, the proceeds from its initial public
offering (as described below) to invest in a portfolio of hospitality properties focusing primarily on the premier-brand, select-service
segment of the hospitality sector. To a lesser extent, the Company may also invest in hospitality-related real estate securities
and debt investments. As discussed in Note 5,  Equity,  the Company was initially capitalized by Moody National REIT
Sponsor, LLC (the  Sponsor ). The Company s fiscal year end is December 31. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned
a 112-room hotel property located in Austin, Texas (the  Residence Inn Austin ) and a 234-room hotel property located
in Seattle, Washington (the  Springhill Suites Seattle ). For more information on the Company s properties see
Note 3,  Investments in Hotel Properties.  

The Company is offering $1,100,000,000
in shares of its common stock to the public in its initial public offering (the  Offering ), of which $1,000,000,000
in shares are offered at $25.00 per share in the primary offering (the  Primary Offering ), with discounts available
to certain purchasers, and $100,000,000 in shares are offered pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the
 DRP ) at $23.75 per share. The Company may reallocate the shares between the Primary Offering and the DRP. In addition,
the Company s board of directors may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, change the price at which the Company offers
shares to the public in the Primary Offering or to its stockholders pursuant to the DRP to reflect changes in the Company s
estimated value per share and other factors that the Company s board of directors deems relevant. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
received and accepted investors  subscriptions for and issued 2,490,350 shares of the Company s common stock in the
Offering, including 21,818 shares of common stock pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of $61,713,293. 

The Company s advisor is Moody National
Advisor II, LLC (the  Advisor ), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of the Sponsor. Pursuant to
the Advisory Agreement dated January 12, 2015 among the Company, the OP (defined below) and the Advisor (the  Advisory Agreement),
and subject to certain restrictions and limitations therein, the Advisor is responsible for managing the Company s affairs
on a day-to-day basis and for identifying and making acquisitions and investments on behalf of the Company. 

Substantially all of the Company s
business is conducted through Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the  OP ).
The Company is the sole general partner of the OP. The initial limited partners of the OP were Moody OP Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Moody Holdings II ), and Moody National LPOP
II, LLC ( Moody LPOP II ), an affiliate of the Advisor. Moody Holdings II initially invested $1,000 in the OP in exchange
for limited partner interests, and Moody LPOP II has invested $1,000 in the OP in exchange for a separate class of limited partnership
interests (the  Special Limited Partnership Interests ). As the Company accepts subscriptions for shares of common
stock, it transfers substantially all of the net proceeds from such sales to the OP as a capital contribution. The partnership
agreement provides that the OP will be operated in a manner that will enable the Company to (1) satisfy the requirements for being
classified as a REIT for tax purposes, (2) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability and (3) ensure that the OP will not
be classified as a  publicly traded partnership  for purposes of Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the  Internal Revenue Code ), which classification could result in the OP being taxed as a corporation,
rather than as a partnership. In addition to the administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the OP in acquiring
and operating real properties, the OP will pay all of the Company s administrative costs and expenses, and such expenses
will be treated as expenses of the OP. 

On September 27, 2016, the Company jointly
announced with Moody National REIT I, Inc. ( REIT I ) that the special committee of the board of directors of REIT
I, after reviewing strategic alternatives, had accepted a non-binding Letter of Intent (the  LOI ) from the special
committee of the board of directors of the Company regarding the acquisition of REIT I by the Company. Pending receipt of the necessary
approvals, the acquisition would take the form of a merger, with gross merger consideration of $11.00 per share of REIT I s
common stock before the payment of disposition fees and profit sharing amounts payable to REIT I s sponsor, financial advisory
and legal fees payable by REIT I, and other transaction and closing costs incurred by REIT I; provided, that in no event would
the net merger consideration payable to the holders of REIT I s common stock be less than $10.25 per share. Further, the
LOI provides that REIT I s stockholders would have the option to receive shares of the Company s common stock or cash;
provided, that no more than approximately 50% of the aggregate net merger consideration may be paid in cash. The LOI also provides
that any definitive merger agreement would include go-shop and termination fee provisions. Entry into a definitive merger agreement
with respect to the proposed merger is subject to a number of conditions, and there is no guarantee that a transaction pursuant
to the LOI will occur. The Company s management will expend time and resources in the negotiation of a definitive merger
agreement, which time and resources may otherwise have been allocated to other operational needs of the Company. Additionally,
the LOI is non-binding and there will be no contract or agreement regarding a transaction between the Company and REIT I until
a definitive merger agreement is signed. Even if a definitive merger agreement is entered into, there can be no assurance as to
whether or when the conditions to the closing of the proposed merger will be satisfied or waived, or as to whether or when the
proposed merger will be consummated. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation   

The Company s consolidated financial
statements include its accounts and the accounts of its subsidiaries over which it has control. All intercompany balances and transactions
are eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company prepares its unaudited consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
(the  Exchange Act ). Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring items) considered necessary for a fair presentation in accordance with GAAP have been included. Results for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 may not be indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year of 2016. For further
information, please read the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Company includes the accounts of its
consolidated subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements when the Company is the primary beneficiary for entities deemed
to be variable interest entities ( VIEs ) through which the Company has a controlling interest. Interests in entities
acquired are evaluated based on GAAP, which requires the consolidation of VIEs in which the Company is deemed to have the controlling
financial interest. The Company has the controlling financial interest if the Company has the power to direct the activities of
the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the
VIE that could be significant to the Company. If the interest in the entity is determined not to be a VIE, then the entity is evaluated
for consolidation based on legal form, economic substance, and the extent to which the Company has control and/or substantive participating
rights under the respective ownership agreement. There are judgments and estimates involved in determining if an entity in which
the Company has an investment is a VIE. The entity is evaluated to determine if it is a VIE by, among other things, determining
if the equity investors as a group have a controlling financial interest in the entity and if the entity has sufficient equity
at risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company did not have any VIE interests
as of September 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Organization and Offering Costs   

Organization and offering costs of the
Company are paid directly by the Company or may be incurred by the Advisor on behalf of the Company. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement
between the Company and the Advisor, the Company is obligated to reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates, as applicable, for organization
and offering costs incurred by the Advisor associated with the public offering by the Company, provided that within 60 days of
the last day of the month in which a public offering ends, the Advisor is obligated to reimburse the Company to the extent organization
and offering costs incurred by the Company in connection with the completed public offering exceed 15.0% of the gross offering
proceeds from the sale of the Company s shares of common stock in the completed public offering. Such organization and offering
costs include selling commissions and dealer manager fees paid to a dealer manager, legal, accounting, printing and other offering
expenses, including marketing, salaries and direct expenses of the Advisor s employees and employees of the Advisor s
affiliates and others. Any reimbursement of the Advisor or its affiliates for organization and offering costs will not exceed actual
expenses incurred by the Advisor. 

All offering costs, including selling commissions
and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital, and all organization costs are recorded as an
expense when the Company has an obligation to reimburse the Advisor. 

As of September 30, 2016, total offering
costs for the Offering were $9,334,719, comprised of $6,213,655 of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and $3,121,064
in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $890,103 payable to the
Advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Income Taxes   

The Company intends to make an election
to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ending
December 31, 2016. The Company did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year
ended December 31, 2015 and the period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014, including not having 100 shareholders
for a sufficient number of days in 2015. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT, the Company is subject to normal federal and
state corporation income taxes. 

The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
The Company records a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. 

Provided that the Company qualifies as
a REIT, it generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes its REIT taxable income to
its stockholders, so long as it distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends
paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP) and satisfies
the other organizational and operational requirements for qualification as a REIT. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as
a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its
undistributed income. The Company leases the hotels it acquires to wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries that are subject to federal,
state and local income taxes. 

The Company has reviewed tax positions
under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions.
The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position
taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated financial statements
if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. The Company had no material uncertain tax
positions as of September 30, 2016. 

The preparation of the Company s
various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected to
review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties
and interest. At this time, a range in which the Company s estimates may change is not expected to be material. The Company
will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions in the current period results of operations, if necessary.
The Company has tax years 2014 and 2015 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. For more
information, see Note 10,  Incomes Taxes.  

Fair Value Measurement   

Fair value measures are classified into
a three-tiered fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1:          Observable inputs
such as quoted prices in active markets. 

Level 2:          Directly or indirectly
observable inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets. 

Level 3:          Unobservable inputs
for which there is little or no market data, which require a reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair
value are based on one or more of the following valuation techniques: 

Market approach:               Prices and
other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. 

Cost approach:                   Amount required
to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). 

Income approach:              Techniques
used to convert future income amounts to a single amount based on market expectations (including present-value, option-pricing,
and excess-earnings models). 

The Company s estimates of fair value
were determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret
market data and develop estimated fair value. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material
effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The Company classifies assets and liabilities in the fair value hierarchy based on
the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The Company elected not to use the fair
value option in recording its financial instruments, which include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable,
notes payable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses. With the exception of the Company s fixed-rate notes payable, the
carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. For the fair value
of the Company s notes payable, see Note 4,  Debt.  

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Concentration of Credit Risk   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash deposited in certain financial institutions in excess of federally insured levels.
The Company diversifies its cash and cash equivalents with several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to any
one of these institutions. The Company regularly monitors the financial stability of these financial institutions and believes
that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in cash and cash equivalents or restricted cash. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Properties   Acquisition   

Upon acquisition, the purchase price of
hotel properties is allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment,
any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any, based on their fair values. Acquisition
costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during the measurement period, but the measurement
period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

Land values are derived from appraisals
and building values are calculated as replacement cost less depreciation or estimates of the relative fair value of these assets
using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods. The value of furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on their fair value
using replacement costs less depreciation. Any difference between the fair value of the hotel property acquired and the purchase
price of the hotel property is recorded as goodwill or gain on acquisition of hotel property. 

The Company determines the fair value of
any assumed debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest rates for debt with similar
terms and remaining maturities that the Company believes it could obtain at the date of acquisition. Any difference between the
fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining life of the
loan as interest expense. 

In allocating the purchase price of each
of the Company s properties, the Company makes assumptions and uses various estimates, including, but not limited to, the
estimated useful lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates used to determine present values.
The Company uses Level III inputs to value acquired properties. Many of these estimates are obtained from independent third party
appraisals. However, the Company is responsible for the source and use of these estimates. These estimates require judgment and
are subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates and assumptions were derived, the valuation of the various
categories of the Company s hotel properties or related intangibles could in turn result in a difference in the depreciation
or amortization expense recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements. These variances could be material to
the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Properties   Ownership   

Investment in hotel properties is recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend the life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over
a period equal to the shorter of the life of the improvement or the remaining useful life of the asset. The costs of ordinary repairs
and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. 

Depreciation expense is computed using
the straight-line method based upon the following estimated useful lives:  

Impairments   

The Company monitors events and changes
in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a hotel property may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in
circumstances are present, the Company assesses potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected
to be generated over the life of the asset from operating activities and from its eventual disposition, to the carrying amount
of the asset. In the event that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the Company recognizes
an impairment loss to adjust the carrying amount of the asset to estimated fair value for assets held for use and fair value less
costs to sell for assets held for sale. There were no such impairment losses for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

In evaluating a hotel property for impairment,
the Company makes several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the projected date of disposition of the property,
the estimated future cash flows of the property during the Company s ownership and the projected sales price of the property.
A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change in the estimated undiscounted cash flows or fair value of
the Company s hotel properties which could then result in different conclusions regarding impairment and material changes
to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Revenue Recognition   

Hotel revenues, including room, food, beverage
and other ancillary revenues, are recognized as the related services are delivered. Revenue is recorded net of any sales and other
taxes collected from customers. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents represent cash
on hand or held in banks and short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase. 

Restricted Cash   

Restricted cash includes reserves for property
taxes, as well as reserves for property improvements and replacement of furniture, fixtures, and equipment, as required by certain
management or mortgage debt agreement restrictions and provisions. 

Accounts Receivable   

The Company takes into consideration certain
factors that require judgments to be made as to the collectability of receivables. Collectability factors taken into consideration
are the amounts outstanding, payment history and financial strength of the customer, which, taken as a whole, determines the valuation.
Ongoing credit evaluations are performed and an allowance for potential credit losses is provided against the portion of accounts
receivable that is estimated to be uncollectible. 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets   

Prepaid expenses include prepaid property
insurance and hotel operating expenses. Other assets include the Company s deferred income tax asset. 

Deferred Franchise Costs   

Deferred franchise costs are recorded
at cost and amortized over the term of the respective franchise contract on a straight-line basis. Accumulated amortization of
deferred franchise costs was $11,226 and $1,700 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Expected future
amortization of deferred franchise costs as of September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Debt Issuance Costs   

In accordance with ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value
of the notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. Debt issuance costs are amortized as a component of interest expense
over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method, which approximates the interest method. All periods presented
have been reclassified to conform with this presentation. Accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs was $291,526 and $6,932
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Expected future amortization of debt issuance costs as of September
30, 2016 is as follows:  

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Earnings (Loss) per Share   

Earnings (loss) per share ( EPS )
is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. Basic and diluted EPS are the same
for all periods presented. Non-vested shares of restricted common stock totaling 7,500 and 0 shares as of September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, held by the Company s independent directors are included in the calculation of basic EPS because such
shares have been issued and participate in dividends. 

Comprehensive Income   

For the periods presented, there were no
differences between reported net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities,  which enhances the reporting requirements
surrounding the measurement of financial instruments and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in
the fair value recognized through net income. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing on January
1, 2018. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 will have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases,  which changes lessee accounting to reflect the financial liability and right-of-use asset that are
inherent to leasing an asset on the balance sheet. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing
on January 1, 2019, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition date nor has the Company
determined the effect of ASU No. 2016-02 on the Company s consolidated financial position or the Company s consolidated
results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies the accounting for income taxes
for certain equity-based awards to employees. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing on January
1, 2017. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 will have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

3.    Investments in Hotel Properties    

The following table sets forth summary
information regarding the Company s investments in hotel properties as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   Excludes closing costs and includes gain on acquisition.   

Investments in hotel properties consisted
of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Second Quarter Acquisition  

Springhill Suites Seattle   

On May 24, 2016, Moody National Yale-Seattle
Holding, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the OP ( Moody Seattle Holding ), acquired fee simple title to the Springhill
Suites Seattle from the current tenant-in-common owners of the Springhill Suites Seattle, for an aggregate purchase price of $74,100,000,
excluding acquisition costs. The Company financed the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle with the proceeds from the Offering,
$56,250,000 of indebtedness secured by the Springhill Suites Seattle and the issuance of approximately 18,000 common units of the
OP. The purchase price of the Springhill Suites Seattle, excluding acquisition expenses, was preliminarily allocated to land, buildings
and improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment in the amounts of $14,040,000, $59,120,000, and $940,000, respectively.
Acquisition costs of $1,258,322 were expensed when incurred in connection with the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle.
The Company has recognized approximately $6,808,000 in revenues and a $176,000 net loss, which includes acquisition costs, for
the Springhill Suites Seattle for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Upon the closing of the acquisition of the Springhill
Suites Seattle, Moody National Yale-Seattle MT, LLC (the  Seattle Master Tenant ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company s taxable REIT subsidiary, entered into a Hotel Lease Agreement pursuant to which the Seattle Master Tenant leases
the Springhill Suites Seattle from Moody Seattle Holding. Moody National Hospitality Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company,
manages the Springhill Suites Seattle pursuant to a Hotel Management Agreement with the Seattle Master Tenant.  

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated
financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented as if the Company acquired the Residence
Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle on January 1, 2015. This information is not necessarily indicative of what the actual
results of operations would have been had the Company completed the acquisition of the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill
Suites Seattle on January 1, 2015, nor does it purport to represent the Company s future operations:  

The Company s aggregate borrowings
are reviewed by the Company s board of directors at least quarterly. Under the Company s Articles of Amendment and
Restatement (as amended, the  Charter ), the Company is prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300% of the value of
the Company s net assets.  Net assets  for purposes of this calculation is defined to be the Company s
total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash
reserves, less total liabilities. However, the Company may temporarily borrow in excess of these amounts if such excess is approved
by a majority of the Company s independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in the Company s next quarterly
report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s debt levels did not exceed 300%
of the value of the Company s net assets, as defined above. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, our mortgage notes payable secured by the respective real properties, consisted of the following: 

(1)   Monthly payments of interest only are due and payable in calendar year 2016, after which monthly payments of principal and
interest are due and payable until the maturity date.   

(2)   Monthly payments of interest only are due and payable in calendar year 2016 and 2017, after which monthly payments of principal
and interest are due and payable until the maturity date.   

The original note payable secured by
the Springhill Suites Seattle property was in the amount of $56,250,000 with an interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.75% with a
maturity date of February 23, 2017. The principal was reduced to $44,460,000 during the period from May 24, 2016, the date of
purchase of the Springhill Suites Seattle, to September 20, 2016, the date the loan was refinanced without prepayment penalty
with a new note payable in the amount of $45,000,000. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Maturities of the notes payable as of
September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

The estimated fair value of the Company s
notes payable as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $61,575,000 and $16,575,000, respectively. The fair value
of the notes payable was estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses using Level 2 inputs for the current incremental borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting dates. The discounted cash flow method of assessing
fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may never actually be realized. 

Capitalization   

Under its Charter, the Company has the
authority to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. All shares of such stock
have a par value of $0.01 per share. On August 15, 2014, the Company sold 8,000 shares of common stock to the Sponsor at a
purchase price of $25.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $200,000, which was paid in cash. As of September 30,
2016, there were a total of 2,518,350 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, including the 8,000 shares
sold to Sponsor and 20,000 shares of restricted stock, as discussed in Note 7,  Incentive Award Plan.  

The Company s board of directors
is authorized to amend its Charter without the approval of the stockholders to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares
of capital stock or the number of shares of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue. 

Distributions   

The Company s board of directors
has authorized a distribution to the Company s stockholders that (1) accrues daily to the stockholders of record as of the
close of business on each day, (2) is payable in cumulative amounts on or before the 15 th  day of each calendar month
and (3) is calculated at a rate of $0.00479 per share of the Company s common stock per day, which, if paid each day over
a 365-day period, is equivalent to a 7.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price of $25.00 per share of common
stock. The Company first paid distributions on September 15, 2015. 

The following table summarizes distributions
paid in cash and pursuant to the DRP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(1)   Amount of distributions paid in shares of common stock pursuant to our DRP.   

Noncontrolling Interest in Operating
Partnership   

Noncontrolling interest in the OP at September
30, 2016 was $398,679, which represented 18,000 common units in the OP issued in connection with the acquisition of the Springhill
Suites Seattle, and is reported in equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Income (loss) from the OP attributable to these noncontrolling
interests was $3,098 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $(4,629) and $0 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

6.     Related Party Arrangements    

Advisor and certain affiliates of Advisor
will receive fees and compensation in connection with the Offering and the acquisition, management and sale of the Company s
real estate investments. In addition, in exchange for $1,000 and in consideration of services to be provided by Advisor, the OP
has issued an affiliate of the Advisor, Moody LPOP II, a separate, special limited partnership interest, in the form of Special
Limited Partnership Interests. For further detail, please see Note 8,  Subordinated Partnership Interest.  

Sales Commissions and Dealer Manager
Fees   

Moody National Securities, LLC ( Moody
Securities ), the dealer manager of the Offering and an affiliate of Advisor, receives a commission of up to 7.0% of gross
offering proceeds for shares sold in the Primary Offering. Moody Securities may reallow all or a portion of such sales commissions
earned to participating broker-dealers. In addition, the Company pays Moody Securities a dealer manager fee of up to 3.0% of gross
offering proceeds for shares sold in the Primary Offering, a portion of which may be reallowed to participating broker-dealers.
No selling commissions or dealer manager fee are paid for sales under the DRP. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had paid Moody
Securities $4,655,378 in selling commissions related to the Offering and $1,033,761 in dealer manager fees related to the Offering,
which has been recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Organization and Offering Expenses   

Advisor will receive reimbursement for
organizational and offering expenses incurred on the Company s behalf, but only to the extent that such reimbursements do
not exceed actual expenses incurred by Advisor and do not cause the cumulative sales commission, the dealer manager fee and other
organization and offering expenses borne by the Company to exceed 15.0% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares in the
Offering as of the date of reimbursement. 

As of September 30, 2016, total offering
costs were $9,334,719, comprised of $6,213,655 of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and $3,121,064 in offering costs
incurred by and reimbursable to Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $890,103 payable to Advisor for reimbursable
offering costs. 

Acquisition Fees   

Advisor, or its affiliates, will also receive
an acquisition fee equal to 1.5% of (1) the cost of all investments the Company acquires (including the Company s pro rata
share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of the investment and exclusive of acquisition and financing coordination
fees), (2) the Company s  allocable cost of investments acquired in a joint venture
(including  the Company s pro rata share of the purchase price and the Company s pro rata share of any indebtedness
assumed or incurred in respect of that investment and exclusive of acquisition fees and financing coordination fees) or (3) the
amount funded by the Company to acquire or originate a loan or other investment, including mortgage, mezzanine or bridge loans
(including any third-party expenses related to such investment and exclusive of acquisition fees and financing coordination fees).
Once the proceeds from the Offering have been fully invested, the aggregate amount of acquisition fees and financing coordination
fees shall not exceed 1.9% of the contract purchase price and the amount advanced for a loan or other investment, as applicable,
for all the assets acquired. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid Advisor acquisition fees
of $0 and $1,111,500, respectively, in connection with the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not pay Advisor any acquisition fees. 

Reimbursement of Acquisition Expenses   

Advisor may also be reimbursed by the Company
for actual expenses related to the evaluation, selection and acquisition of real estate investments, regardless of whether the
Company actually acquires the related assets. The Company did not reimburse Advisor for any acquisition expenses during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Financing Coordination Fee   

Advisor will also receive financing coordination
fees of 1% of the amount available under any loan or line of credit made available to the Company and 0.75% of the amount available
or outstanding under any refinanced loan or line of credit. Advisor will pay some or all of these fees to third parties with whom
it subcontracts to coordinate financing for the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid
$0 and $562,500, respectively, in debt financing fees to Advisor incurred in connection with the financing of the Company s
acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not pay any
debt financing fees to Advisor. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Property Management Fee   

The Company will pay Moody National Hospitality
Management, LLC ( Property Manager ) a monthly hotel management fee equal to 4.0% of the monthly gross operating revenues
from the properties managed by Property Manager for services it provides in connection with operating and managing properties.
The hotel management agreements between the Company and the Property Manager generally have initial terms of ten years. Property
Manager may pay some or all of the compensation it receives from the Company to a third-party property manager for management or
leasing services. In the event that the Company contracts directly with a non-affiliated third-party property manager, the Company
will pay Property Manager a market-based oversight fee. The Company will reimburse the costs and expenses incurred by Property
Manager on the Company s behalf, including legal, travel and other out-of-pocket expenses that are directly related to the
management of specific properties, but the Company will not reimburse Property Manager for general overhead costs or personnel
costs other than employees or subcontractors who are engaged in the on-site operation, management, maintenance or access control
of the properties. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid the Property Manager property management
fees of $240,942 and $0, respectively, and accounting fees of $15,000 and $0. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company paid the Property Manager property management fees of $433,132 and $0, respectively, and accounting fees of $32,500
and $0, respectively, which are included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company will also pay an annual incentive
fee to Property Manager. Such annual incentive fee is equal to 15% of the amount by which the operating profit from the properties
managed by Property Manager for such fiscal year (or partial fiscal year) exceeds 8.5% of the total investment of such properties.
Property Manager  may pay some or all of this annual fee to third-party sub-property managers
for management services.  For purposes of this fee,  total investment  means the sum of (i) the price paid to
acquire a property, including closing costs, conversion costs, and transaction costs; (ii) additional invested capital and (iii)
any other costs paid in connection with the acquisition of the property, whether incurred pre- or post-acquisition. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had not incurred any annual incentive fees. 

Asset Management Fee   

The Company will pay Advisor a monthly
asset management fee of one-twelfth of 1.0% of the cost of investment of all real estate investments the Company acquires. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred asset management fees of $254,000 and $0, respectively,
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred asset management fees of $452,751 and $0, respectively,
payable to Advisor, which are recorded in corporate general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

Disposition Fee   

Advisor or its affiliates will also receive
a disposition fee in an amount of up to one-half of the brokerage commission paid on the sale of an asset, but in no event greater
than 3% of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold; provided, however, in no event may the aggregate
disposition fees paid to the Advisor and any real estate commissions paid to unaffiliated third parties exceed 6% of the contract
sales price. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not paid any disposition fees to Advisor. 

Operating Expense Reimbursement   

The Company will reimburse Advisor for
all expenses paid or incurred by Advisor in connection with the services provided to the Company, subject to the limitation that,
commencing with the end of the fourth fiscal quarter following the fiscal quarter in which the Company makes its first investment,
the Company will not reimburse Advisor for any amount by which its operating expenses (including the asset management fee) at the
end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2% of its average invested assets or (2) 25% of its net income
determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding
any gain from the sale of the Company s assets for that period (the  2%/25% Limitation ). Notwithstanding the
above, the Company may reimburse Advisor for expenses in excess of this limitation if a majority of the independent directors determines
that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. The Company acquired its first asset, the Residence
Inn Austin, in the fourth quarter of 2015. For the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016, total operating expenses of the
Company were $1,638,679, which included $1,068,223 in operating expenses incurred directly by the Company and $570,456 incurred
by Advisor on behalf of the Company. Of the $1,638,679 in total operating expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended
September 30, 2016, $477,367 would have exceeded the 2%/25% Limitation had such limitation been applicable. The Company recorded
$93,000 in operating expenses reimbursable by Advisor during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016. 

Springhill Suites Seattle   

On May 24, 2016, the OP acquired fee simple
title to the Springhill Suites Seattle from the current tenant-in-common owners of the Springhill Suites Seattle (the  Seattle
TIC Owners ), for an aggregate purchase price, exclusive of closing costs, of $74,100,000. The Seattle TIC Owners acquired
their tenant-in-common interests in the Springhill Suites Seattle in a tenant-in-common program sponsored by an affiliate of the
Sponsor. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

Letter of Intent
with REIT I   

On September 27, 2016,
the Company and REIT I issued a joint press release announcing that they had entered into the LOI. There is no guarantee that a
transaction pursuant to the LOI will occur. See Note 1,  Organization . 

7.       Incentive Award
Plan  

The Company has adopted an incentive plan
(the  Incentive Award Plan ) that provides for the grant of equity awards to its employees, directors and consultants
and those of the Company s affiliates. The Incentive Award Plan authorizes the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock
options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and other stock-based
awards or cash-based awards. Shares of common stock will be authorized and reserved for issuance under the Incentive Award Plan.
The Company has also adopted an independent directors compensation plan (the  Independent Directors Compensation Plan )
pursuant to which each of the Company s independent directors was entitled, subject to the Independent Directors Compensation
Plan s conditions and restrictions, to receive an initial grant of 5,000 shares of restricted stock when the Company raised
the minimum offering amount of $2,000,000 in the Offering. Each new independent director who subsequently joins the Company s
board of directors will receive a grant of 5,000 shares of restricted stock upon his or her election to the Company s board
of directors. In addition, on the date of each of the first four annual meetings of the Company s stockholders at which an
independent director is re-elected to the Company s board of directors, he or she will receive an additional grant of 2,500
shares of restricted stock. Subject to certain conditions, the non-vested shares of restricted stock granted pursuant to the Independent
Directors Compensation Plan will vest and become non-forfeitable in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the first day
of the first quarter following the date of grant; provided, however, that the restricted stock will become fully vested on the
earlier to occur of (1) the termination of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her death
or disability or (2) a change in control of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, there were 1,980,000 common shares remaining
available for future issuance under the Incentive Award Plan and the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

On February 22, 2016, Douglas Y. Bech,
one of the Company s independent directors, notified the Company of his resignation from the Company s board of directors
and as a member of the audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Bech s 2,500 shares of restricted, non-vested stock
continued to vest after his resignation upon the approval of the board of directors. On February 23, 2016, the Company s
board of directors elected Clifford P. McDaniel thereto as an independent director and appointed Mr. McDaniel to the audit committee
of the board of directors. The Company granted Mr. McDaniel 5,000 shares of restricted stock in connection with his election. The
weighted average grant date fair value of the shares of restricted stock was $25.00 per share, which was based on observable market
transactions occurring near the date of the grants. The Company will record compensation expense related to such shares of restricted
stock ratably from the grant date to the date the shares become fully vested based on the fair market value of such shares at the
date they were granted. 

The Company recorded compensation expense
related to such shares of restricted stock of $57,627 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $248,686 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there were 7,500
non-vested shares of restricted common stock granted pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. The remaining unrecognized
compensation expense associated with those 7,500 non-vested shares of $142,083 will be recognized during the fourth quarter of
2016 and the first, second and third quarters of 2017. 

The following is a summary of activity
under the Independent Directors Compensation Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015: 

8.       Subordinated
Participation Interest  

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited
Partnership Agreement for the OP, Moody LPOP II, the holder of the Special Limited Partnership Interests, is entitled to receive
distributions equal to 15.0% of the OP s net cash flows, whether from continuing operations, the repayment of loans, the
disposition of assets or otherwise, but only after the Company s stockholders have received, in the aggregate, cumulative
distributions equal to their total invested capital plus a 6.0% cumulative, non-compounded annual pre-tax return on such aggregated
invested capital. In addition, Moody LPOP II is entitled to a separate payment if it redeems its Special Limited Partnership Interests.
The Special Limited Partnership Interests may be redeemed upon: (1) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national
securities exchange or (2) the occurrence of certain events that result in the termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement,
in each case for an amount that Moody LPOP II would have been entitled to receive had the OP disposed of all of its assets at the
enterprise valuation as of the date of the event triggering the redemption. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

9.       Commitments and
Contingencies  

Restricted Cash   

Under certain management and debt agreements
related to the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle and existing at September 30, 2016, the Company escrows payments
required for real estate taxes, replacement of hotel furniture and fixtures and rent holdback. 

The composition of the Company s
restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Franchise Agreements   

As of September 30, 2016, the Residence
Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle were operated under franchise agreements with initial terms of 20 years. The
franchise agreements allow the properties to operate under the franchisor s brand. Pursuant to the franchise agreements,
the Company pays a royalty fee of 5.5% to 6.0% of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems
and other franchisor costs of 2.5% of room revenue. The Company incurred franchise fee expense of approximately $460,297 and $0
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $843,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, which amounts are included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. The Company must make certain improvements to the Springhill Suites Seattle within twelve months of the effective
date of the franchise agreement. 

10.       Income Taxes  

The
Company has formed a TRS that is a C-corporation for federal income tax purposes and  uses the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Tax return positions are recognized in the consolidated financial statements when they are  more-likely-than-not 
to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authority. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences.
Temporary differences are differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated
financial statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future periods. A valuation allowance may be placed on
deferred income tax assets, if it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset may not be realized. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
net operating loss carry-forwards of $34,000. 

The TRS had deferred tax assets of $0 and
$6,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to net operating loss carry-forwards. 

The Company has discovered that it may have not made a timely election to treat its TRS as a taxable REIT
subsidiary for its tax year ended December 31, 2016, which could prevent it from qualifying as a REIT for 2016. The Company has
requested relief from any such inadvertent failure and anticipates having such relief before it files its 2016 federal income tax
return. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 
(unaudited)  

The income tax expense (benefit) for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

11.       Subsequent Events  

Distributions Declared   

On September 30, 2016, the Company declared
a distribution in the aggregate amount of $347,685, of which $252,941 was paid in cash on October 15, 2016 and $94,744 was paid
pursuant to the DRP in the form of additional shares of the Company s common stock. On October 31, 2016, the Company declared
a distribution in the aggregate amount of $386,393, which is scheduled to be paid in cash and through the DRP in the form of additional
shares of the Company s common stock on or about November 15, 2016. 

Extension of Offering   

On November 8, 2016, the Company s
board of directors approved an extension of the term of the Offering until January 20, 2018, as permitted by the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Moody National REIT II, Inc. and the notes thereto.
As used herein, the terms  we,   our  and  us  refer to Moody National REIT II, Inc., a Maryland
corporation, and, as required by context, Moody National Operating Partnership II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which
we refer to as our  operating partnership,  and to their subsidiaries. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements included in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report, that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives,
other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto)
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees. Actual events or our investments and results of operations could differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as  may, 
 should,   expect,   could,   intend,   plan,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   continue,   predict,   potential  or the negative
of such terms and other comparable terms. 

The forward-looking statements included
herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs, which involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market
conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are
beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable
assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: 

whether or not we enter into a definitive merger agreement with Moody National REIT I, Inc., or REIT I, pursuant to the
                                                                                                                                                  letter
                                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                                  intent described herein;   

our ability to raise capital in our ongoing initial public offering;   

our ability to effectively deploy the proceeds raised in our ongoing initial public offering;   

our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms;   

our levels of debt and the terms and limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements;   

our ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets on terms that are favorable to us;   

risks inherent in the real estate business, including the lack of liquidity for real estate and real estate-related assets
on terms that are favorable to us;   

changes in demand for rooms at our hotel properties;   

our ability to compete in the hotel industry;   

adverse developments affecting our sponsor and its affiliates;   

the availability of cash flow from operating activities for distributions;   

changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate and debt markets specifically;   

conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with our advisor and its affiliates;   

legislative or regulatory changes (including changes to the laws governing the taxation of REITs);   

the availability of capital and   

changes in interest rates.   

Any of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking
statements included herein could be inaccurate, and undue reliance should not be placed upon any forward-looking statements included
herein. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report and the risk that actual results will differ
materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made after the date of
this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light
of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report, including, without
limitation, the risks described under  Risk Factors,  the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be
regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Quarterly Report will be
achieved. 

Overview  

We are a Maryland corporation formed on
July 25, 2014 to invest in a portfolio of hospitality properties focusing primarily on the select-service segment of the hospitality
sector with premier brands including, but not limited to, Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt. We intend to elect to be taxed as a real
estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, beginning
with our taxable year ending December 31, 2016. We own, and in the future intend to own, substantially all of our assets and
conduct our operations through our operating partnership. We are the sole general partner of our operating partnership, and the
initial limited partners of our operating partnership are our subsidiary, Moody OP Holdings II, LLC, or Moody Holdings II, and
Moody National LPOP II, LLC, or Moody LPOP II, an affiliate of our advisor. Moody Holdings II invested $1,000 in our operating
partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests, and Moody LPOP II invested $1,000 in our operating partnership in exchange
for special limited partnership interests. As we accept subscriptions for sales of shares of our common stock, we transfer substantially
all of the net proceeds from such sales to our operating partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests and our percentage
ownership in our operating partnership increases proportionally. 

We are externally managed by Moody National
Advisor II, LLC, an affiliate of ours, which we refer to as our  advisor.  Our advisor was formed in July 2014. Moody
National REIT Sponsor, LLC, which we refer to as our  sponsor,  is owned and managed by Brett C. Moody, who also serves
as our Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Executive Officer and President of our advisor. 

On January 20, 2015, the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or SEC, declared our registration statement on Form S-11 effective and we commenced our initial public offering,
or our offering, of up to $1,100,000,000 in shares of common stock. We are offering up to $1,000,000,000 in shares to the public
at $25.00 per share (subject to certain discounts) in our primary offering and up to $100,000,000 in shares to our stockholders
pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, or DRP, at an initial price of $23.75 per share. Moody Securities, LLC, an affiliate
of our advisor, which we refer to as the  dealer manager,  is the dealer manager for our offering and is responsible
for the distribution of our common stock in our offering. 

On September 27, 2016, as
previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on such day, we jointly announced with Moody National REIT I,
Inc., or REIT I, that the special committee of the board of directors of REIT I, after reviewing strategic alternatives, had
accepted a non-binding Letter of Intent, or the LOI, from the special committee of our board of directors regarding our
acquisition of REIT I. Pending receipt of the necessary approvals, the acquisition would take the form of a merger, with
gross merger consideration of $11.00 per share of REIT I s common stock before the payment of disposition fees and
profit sharing amounts payable to REIT I s sponsor, financial advisory and legal fees payable by REIT I, and other
transaction and closing costs incurred by REIT I; provided, that in no event would the net merger consideration payable to
the holders of REIT I s common stock be less than $10.25 per share. Further, the LOI provides that REIT I s
stockholders would have the option to receive shares of our common stock or cash; provided, that no more than approximately
50% of the aggregate net merger consideration may be paid in cash. The LOI also provides that any definitive merger agreement
would include go-shop and termination fee provisions. Entry into a definitive merger agreement with respect to the proposed
merger is subject to a number of conditions, and there is no guarantee that a transaction pursuant to the LOI will occur.
Our management will expend time and resources in the negotiation of a definitive merger agreement, which time and resources
may otherwise have been allocated to our other operational needs. Additionally, the LOI is non-binding and there will be
no contract or agreement regarding a transaction between us and REIT I until a definitive merger agreement is signed. Even if
a definitive merger agreement is entered into, there can be no assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing
of the proposed merger will be satisfied or waived, or as to whether or when the proposed merger will be consummated. 

If we and REIT I enter into a definitive
agreement related to the proposed merger, we will prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC,
a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement/prospectus jointly prepared by us and REIT I, and other related
documents. The joint proxy statement/prospectus will contain important information about the proposed merger and related matters.
INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER RELEVANT
DOCUMENTS FILED BY US AND REIT I WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT US, REIT I AND THE PROPOSED MERGER. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had received
and accepted investors  subscriptions for and issued 2,490,350 shares of our common stock in our offering, including 21,818
shares of common stock pursuant to our DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of $61,713,293. We will continue to offer shares
of our common stock on a continuous basis until January 20, 2018, pursuant to an extension of our offering by our board of directors.
However, in certain states our offering may continue for only one year unless we renew the offering period for an additional year.
As of November 4, 2016, we had received and accepted investors  subscriptions for and issued 2,706,069 shares of our common
stock in our offering, including 25,807 shares of common stock pursuant to our DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of $67,006,557.
As of November 4, 2016, 37,299,738 shares remained to be sold in our offering. We reserve the right to terminate our offering at
any time. 

We intend to use the proceeds from our
offering to acquire hotel properties located in the East Coast, the West Coast and the Sunbelt regions of the United States. To
a lesser extent, we may also invest in other hospitality properties located within other markets and regions, as well as real estate
securities and debt-related investments related to the hospitality sector. 

As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio
consisted of two hotel properties: 1) the Residence Inn Austin, a 112-room hotel property located in Austin, Texas and 2) the Springhill
Suites Seattle, a 234-room hotel property located in Seattle, Washington. 

Factors Which May Influence
Results of Operations   

Economic Conditions Affecting Our Target Portfolio   

Adverse economic conditions affecting the
hospitality sector, the geographic regions in which we plan to invest or the real estate market generally may have a material impact
on our capital resources and the revenue or income to be derived from the operation of our hospitality investments. 

Offering Proceeds   

Our ability to make investments depends
upon the net proceeds raised in our offering and our ability to finance the acquisition of our investments. If we raise substantially
less than the maximum offering amount of $1,100,000,000, we will make fewer investments resulting in less diversification in terms
of the number of investments owned and fewer sources of income. In such event, the likelihood of our profitability being affected
by the performance of any one of our investments will increase. In addition, if we are unable to raise substantial funds, our fixed
operating expenses as a percentage of gross income would be higher, which could affect our net income and results of operations. 

Results of Operations  

We were formed on July 25, 2014. As of
September 30, 2015, we had not commenced real estate operations and did not own any properties. As of September 30, 2016, we owned
the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle. Because we did not own any properties and had not commenced real estate
operations as of September 30, 2015, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are not directly
comparable to those for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. In general, we expect that our income and expenses related
to our investment portfolio will increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions of real estate and real
estate-related investments. 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016
versus the three months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

Total revenue was $6,024,167 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016. All revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was hotel-related revenue, of which
$5,691,818 was room revenue and $332,349 was other hotel revenue. We expect that room revenue, other hotel revenue and total revenue
will each increase in future periods as a result of having full periods of operations for properties owned and future acquisitions
of real estate assets. 

Hotel Operating Expenses   

Hotel operating expenses were $2,859,208
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and were comprised of the hotel operating expenses of the Residence Inn Austin and
the Springhill Suites Seattle. 

Property Taxes, Insurance and Other   

Property taxes, insurance and other expenses
were $288,600 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, all of which related to the operation of the Residence Inn Austin
and the Springhill Suites Seattle. 

Depreciation and Amortization   

Depreciation and amortization were $570,542
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, all of which related to the operation of the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill
Suites Seattle. 

Property Acquisition Expenses   

Property acquisition expenses were $20,200
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Corporate General and Administrative
Expenses   

Corporate general and administrative expenses
were $360,453 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset
management fees, professional fees, restricted stock compensation and directors  fees. We expect corporate general and administrative
expenses to increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions, but to decrease as a percentage of total
revenue. 

Interest Expense and Amortization
of Debt Issuance Costs   

Interest expense and amortization of debt
issuance costs were $1,460,654 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 which included loan costs related to the short-term
purchase loan for the Spinghill Suites Seattle. In future periods, our interest expense will vary based on the amount of our borrowings,
which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings and our ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related
assets that meet our investment objectives. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit)   

Our income tax benefit was $5,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016
versus the nine months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

Total revenue was $10,829,822 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. All revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was hotel-related revenue, of which $10,330,445
was room revenue and $499,377 was other hotel revenue. We expect that room revenue, other hotel revenue and total revenue will
each increase in future periods as a result of having full periods of operations for properties currently owned and future acquisitions
of real estate assets. 

Hotel Operating Expenses   

Hotel operating expenses were $5,071,735
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and were comprised of the hotel operating expenses of the Residence Inn Austin and
the Springhill Suites Seattle. 

Property Taxes, Insurance and Other   

Property taxes, insurance and other expenses
were $491,356 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, all of which related to the operation of the Residence Inn Austin and
the Springhill Suites Seattle. 

Depreciation and Amortization   

Depreciation and amortization were $1,126,147
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, all of which related to the operation of the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill
Suites Seattle. 

Property Acquisition Expenses   

Property acquisition expenses were $1,258,322
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Corporate General and Administrative
Expenses   

Corporate general and administrative expenses
were $1,035,154 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of
asset management fees, professional fees, restricted stock compensation and directors  fees. We expect corporate general
and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions, but to decrease as a
percentage of total revenue. 

Interest Expense and Amortization
of Debt Issuance Costs   

Interest expense and amortization of debt
issuance costs were $2,328,712 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In future periods our interest expense will vary based
on the amount of our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings and our ability to identify and acquire
real estate and real estate-related assets that meet our investment objectives. 

Income Tax Expense   

Our income tax expense was $165,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal demand for funds is for the
acquisition of real estate assets, the payment of operating expenses, principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness
and the payment of distributions to our stockholders. Proceeds from our offering currently supply a significant portion of our
cash. Over time, however, we anticipate that cash from operations will generally fund our cash needs for items other than asset
acquisitions. 

There may be a delay between the sale of
shares of our common stock during our offering and our purchase of assets, which could result in a delay in the benefits to our
stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our investment operations. Our advisor, subject to the oversight of our board,
will evaluate potential acquisitions and will engage in negotiations with sellers and lenders on our behalf. If necessary, we may
use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. 

We may, but are not required to, establish
working capital reserves out of cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of proceeds from the sale of our real estate
assets. We do not anticipate establishing a general working capital reserve; however, we may establish working capital reserves
with respect to particular investments. We also may, but are not required to, establish reserves out of cash flow generated by
our real estate assets or out of net sale proceeds in non-liquidating sale transactions. Working capital reserves are typically
used to fund tenant improvements, leasing commissions and major capital expenditures. Our lenders also may require working capital
reserves. 

To the extent that any working capital
reserve we establish is insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, additional funds may be provided from cash generated from
operations, short-term borrowing, equity capital from joint venture partners, or the proceeds of public or private offerings of
our shares or interests in our operating partnership. In addition, subject to certain limitations, we may incur indebtedness in
connection with the acquisition of any real estate assets, refinance the debt thereon, arrange for the leveraging of any previously
unfinanced property or reinvest the proceeds of financing or refinancing in additional properties. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain such capital or financing on favorable terms, if at all. 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities   

As of September 30, 2016, we owned the
Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle hotel properties. We did not own any properties during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
$1,507,707 and $(5,421), respectively. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities   

Our cash used in investing activities will
vary based on how quickly we invest the net offering proceeds from our offering towards acquisitions of real estate and real-estate
related investments. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $75,499,724
and $1,288,340, respectively. The increase in cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
due to the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle hotel. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, our cash flows from financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from our offering and notes payable, net of repayment
of the notes payable, offering costs paid and distributions paid to our stockholders. Net cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $84,722,015 and $5,430,911, respectively. The increase in cash provided
by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to gross offering proceeds and proceeds
of notes payable of $49,187,701 and $101,250,000, respectively, net of loan repayment of $56,250,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to gross offering proceeds and proceeds of a note payable of $6,053,189 and $0, respectively, for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash on
hand of $12,310,965. 

Debt   

We use, and intend to use in the future,
secured and unsecured debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of real property, and potentially securities
and debt-related investments. By operating on a leveraged basis, we expect that we will have more funds available for investments.
This will generally allow us to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, potentially resulting in enhanced investment
returns and a more diversified portfolio. However, our use of leverage increases the risk of default on loan payments and the resulting
foreclosure on a particular asset. In addition, lenders may have recourse to assets other than those specifically securing the
repayment of the indebtedness. When debt financing is unattractive due to high interest rates or other reasons, or when financing
is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain assets for cash with the intention of obtaining debt financing
at a later time. 

As of September 30, 2016, our outstanding
indebtedness totaled $61,575,000. Our aggregate borrowings are reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. Under our
Articles of Amendment and Restatement, or our charter, we are prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300% of the value of our net
assets.  Net assets  for purposes of this calculation is defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles), valued
at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. The preceding
calculation is generally expected to approximate 75% of the aggregate cost of our assets before non-cash reserves and depreciation.
However, we may temporarily borrow in excess of these amounts if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent directors
and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, our debt levels did not exceed 300% of the value of our assets. 

Contractual Commitments and Contingencies  

The following is a summary of our contractual
obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)  Amounts include principal payments only.   

(2)  Projected interest payments are based on the outstanding principal amounts and weighted-average interest rates at September
30, 2016.   

(3)  Purchase obligations were excluded from contractual obligations as there were no binding purchase obligations as of September
30, 2016.   

Organization and Offering Costs   

We pay our organization and offering costs
that we directly incur or such costs may be incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Pursuant to the advisory agreement with our
advisor, we are obligated to reimburse our advisor or its affiliates, as applicable, for organization and offering costs incurred
by our advisor associated with an offering of our stock, provided that within 60 days of the last day of the month in which such
offering ends, our advisor is obligated to reimburse us to the extent that organization and offering costs we may have incurred
in connection with that offering exceed 15% of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of our shares of common stock in that
offering. Such organization and offering costs include selling commissions and dealer manager fees paid to a dealer manager, legal,
accounting, printing and other offering expenses, including marketing, salaries and direct expenses of our advisor s employees
and employees of our advisor s affiliates and others. Any reimbursement to our advisor or its affiliates for organization
and offering costs will not exceed actual expenses incurred by our advisor. 

All offering costs, including selling commissions
and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital, and all organization costs are recorded as an
expense when we have an obligation to reimburse our advisor. 

As of September 30, 2016, total offering
costs for our offering were $9,334,719, comprised of $6,213,655 of offering costs incurred directly by us and $3,121,064 in offering
costs incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor. As of September 30, 2016, we had $890,103 payable to our advisor for reimbursable
offering costs. 

Operating Expenses   

We will reimburse our advisor for all expenses
paid or incurred by our advisor in connection with the services it provides to us, subject to the limitation that, commencing with
the end of the fourth fiscal quarter following the fiscal quarter in which we complete our first investment, we will not reimburse
our advisor for any amount by which our operating expenses (including the asset management fee we pay to our advisor) at the end
of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2% of our average invested assets or (2) 25% of our net income
determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding
any gain from the sale of our assets for that period, which we refer to as the  2%/25% Limitation.  Notwithstanding
the above, we may reimburse our advisor for expenses in excess of this limitation if a majority of the independent directors determine
that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. We acquired our first asset in the fourth quarter
of 2015. For the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016, our total operating expenses were $1,638,679, which included $1,068,223
in operating expenses incurred directly by us and $570,456 incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Of that $1,638,679 in total operating
expenses, $477,367 would have exceeded the 2%/25% Limitation had it been applicable. The Company recorded $93,000 in operating
expenses reimbursable to our advisor during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

General   

We consider the accounting policies described
below to be critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently
uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These judgments affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s judgment or interpretation
of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions is different, it is possible that different accounting policies
will be applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses will be recorded, resulting in a different presentation
of the consolidated financial statements or different amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Additionally,
other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies
in similar businesses. 

Income Taxes   

We
intend to make an election to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with
the taxable year ending December 31, 2016. We did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code
for the year ending December 31, 2015 and the period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014, including not having
enough shareholders for a sufficient number of days in those periods. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT we were, and will
be, subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes.  

We
account for income taxes using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. We record a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to
be realized.  

Provided that we qualify as a REIT, we
generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute our REIT taxable income to our stockholders,
so long as we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction
or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP) and satisfy the other
organizational and operational requirements for REIT qualification. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject
to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 

We lease the hotels that we acquire to
wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs, that are subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

We have reviewed tax positions under GAAP
guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. The guidance
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken, or
expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the financial statements if it is more likely than
not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. We had no material uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016. 

The preparation of our various tax returns
requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected to review by the respective
taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties and interest. At this
time, a range in which our estimates may change is not expected to be material. We will account for interest and penalties relating
to uncertain tax positions in the current period s results of operations, if necessary. Our tax years 2014 and 2015 remain
subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Property   Acquisitions   

Upon acquisition, the purchase price of
hotel properties are allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment,
any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any, based on their fair values. Acquisition
costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during the measurement period, but the measurement
period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

Tangible assets acquired consist of land,
buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment. Land values are derived from appraisals, and buildings are calculated as replacement
cost less depreciation or our estimates of the relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar
methods. The value of furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. 

We determine the fair value of any assumed
debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest rates for debt with similar terms and
remaining maturities that we believe we could obtain at the date of acquisition. Any difference between the fair value and stated
value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining life of the loan as interest expense. 

In allocating the purchase price of each
of our properties, we make assumptions and use various estimates, including, but not limited to, the estimated useful lives of
the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates used to determine present values. Many of these estimates are
obtained from independent third party appraisals. However, we are responsible for the source and use of these estimates. These
estimates are based on judgment and subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates and assumptions were derived,
the valuation of the various categories of our hotel properties or related intangibles could, in turn, result in a difference in
the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in our consolidated financial statements. These variances could be material to
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Properties   Ownership   

Investments in hotel properties are recorded
at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend the life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over
a period equal to the shorter of the life of the improvement or the remaining useful life of the asset. The cost of ordinary repairs
and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. 

Depreciation expense is computed using
the straight-line method based upon the following estimated useful lives: 

Earnings (Loss) per Share   

Earnings (loss) per share, or EPS, is calculated
based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. Basic and diluted EPS are the same for all periods
presented. Non-vested shares of restricted common stock totaling 7,500 and 0 shares as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
held by our independent directors are included in the calculation of basic EPS because such shares have been issued and participate
in dividends. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities,  which enhances the reporting requirements
surrounding the measurement of financial instruments and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in
the fair value recognized through net income. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2018. We
do not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or our
consolidated results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases,  which changes lessee accounting to reflect the financial liability and right-of-use asset that are
inherent to leasing an asset on the balance sheet. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2019,
but early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition date nor have we determined the effect of ASU No. 2016-02 on our
consolidated financial position or our consolidated results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies the accounting for income taxes
for certain equity-based awards to employees. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2017. We
do not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or our
consolidated results of operations. 

Inflation  

As of September 30, 2016, our investments
consisted of our interests in the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle. Operators of hotels, in general, possess
the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. Competitive pressures may, however, limit the operators 
ability to raise room rates. As of September 30, 2016, we were not experiencing any material impact from inflation. 

REIT Compliance  

To qualify as a REIT for tax purposes,
we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined for this purpose without regard to the dividends-paid
deduction and excluding net capital gain) to our stockholders. We must also meet certain asset and income tests, as well as other
requirements. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our REIT status. If we fail to qualify
as a REIT in any taxable year following the taxable year in which we initially elect to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject
to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and generally
will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the
year during which our REIT qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions.
Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We
did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the
period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014. 

Distributions  

Our board of directors has authorized distributions
to our stockholders that (1) accrue daily to our stockholders of record on each day; (2) are payable in cumulative amounts on or
before the 15th day of each calendar month and (3) are calculated at a rate of $0.00479 per share of our common stock per day,
which, if paid each day over a 365-day period, is equivalent to a 7.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price of
$25.00 per share of our common stock. 

The following table summarizes distributions
paid in cash and pursuant to our DRP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)       Amount of distributions
paid in shares of common stock pursuant to our DRP. 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations  

One of our objectives is to provide cash
distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our operations. Cash generated from operations is not equivalent to net
income as determined under GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as Funds from Operations,
or FFO for short, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means
net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization,
and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the REIT holds an interest. We have adopted the
NAREIT definition for computing FFO because, in our view, FFO is a meaningful supplemental performance measure in conjunction with
net income. 

Changes in the accounting and reporting
rules under GAAP that have been put into effect since the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO have prompted a significant
increase in the magnitude of non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, as defined. As a result, in addition to FFO, we
also calculate modified funds from operations, or MFFO, a non-GAAP supplemental financial performance measure that our management
uses in evaluating our operating performance. Similar to FFO, MFFO excludes items such as depreciation and amortization. However,
MFFO excludes non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, such as amortization of certain in-place lease intangible
assets and liabilities and the amortization of certain tenant incentives. Our calculation of MFFO will exclude these items,
as well as the effects of straight-line rent revenue recognition, fair value adjustments to derivative instruments that do not
qualify for hedge accounting treatment, non-cash impairment charges and certain other items, when applicable. Our calculation of
MFFO will also include, when applicable, items such as master lease rental receipts, which are excluded from net income (loss) and
FFO, but which we consider in the evaluation of the operating performance of our real estate investments. 

We believe that MFFO reflects the overall
impact on the performance of our real estate investments of occupancy rates, rental rates, property operating costs and development
activities, as well as general and administrative expenses and interest costs, which is not immediately apparent from net income
(loss). As such, we believe MFFO, in addition to net income (loss) as defined by GAAP, is a meaningful supplemental performance
measure which is used by our management to evaluate our operating performance and determine our operating, financing and dividend
policies. 

Please see the limitations listed below
associated with the use of MFFO as compared to net income (loss): 

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any gains (losses) related to changes in estimated values
of derivative instruments related to any interest rate swaps which we hold. Although we expect to hold these instruments to maturity,
if we were to settle these instruments prior to maturity, it would have an impact on our operations. We do not currently hold any
such derivate instruments and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below does not reflect any such exclusion.   

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any impairment charges related to long-lived assets that have
been written down to current market valuations. Although these losses will be included in the calculation of net income (loss),
we will exclude them from MFFO because we believe doing so will more appropriately present the operating performance of our real
estate investments on a comparative basis. We have not recognized any such impairment charges and thus our calculation of MFFO
set forth in the table below does not reflect any such exclusion.   

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude organizational and offering expenses and acquisition expenses
payable to our advisor. Although organizational and acquisition expenses reduce net income, we fund such costs with proceeds from
our offering and acquisition-related indebtedness, and do not consider these expenses in the evaluation of our operating performance
and determining MFFO. Offering expenses do not affect net income. Our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below reflects
the exclusion of acquisition expenses.   

We
believe MFFO is useful to investors in evaluating how our portfolio might perform after our offering and acquisition stage has
been completed and, as a result, may provide an indication of the sustainability of our distributions in the future. However, as
described in greater detail below, MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indication of
our liquidity. Many of the adjustments to MFFO are similar to adjustments required by SEC rules for the presentation of pro forma
business combination disclosures, particularly acquisition expenses, gains or losses recognized in business combinations and other
activity not representative of future activities. MFFO is also more comparable in evaluating our performance over time and as compared
to other real estate companies, which may not be as involved in acquisition activities or as affected by impairments and other
non-operating charges.  

MFFO
is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods,
and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete and net asset value is disclosed. However, MFFO is not
a useful measure in evaluating net asset value because impairments are taken into account in determining net asset value but not
in determining MFFO. Investors are cautioned that, due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated future  undiscounted
cash flows and, given the relatively limited term of our operations, it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges. 

The calculation of FFO and MFFO may vary
from entity to entity because capitalization and expense policies tend to vary from entity to entity. Consequently, our presentation
of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. In addition, FFO and MFFO should
not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities and are not intended to be
used as a liquidity measure indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs.  In
particular, as we are currently in the acquisition phase of our life cycle, acquisition costs and other adjustments which are increases
to MFFO are, and may continue to be, a significant use of cash. MFFO also excludes impairment charges, rental revenue adjustments
and unrealized gains and losses related to certain other fair value adjustments. Accordingly, both FFO and MFFO should be reviewed
in connection with other GAAP measurements.  

The table below summarizes our calculation
of FFO and MFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and a reconciliation of such non-GAAP financial
performance measures to our net income (loss). 

Related Party Transactions and Agreements  

We have entered into agreements with our
advisor and its affiliates whereby we will pay certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, our advisor or its affiliates
for acquisition and advisory fees and expenses, financing coordination fees, organization and offering costs, sales commissions,
dealer manager fees, asset and property management fees and expenses, leasing fees and reimbursement of certain operating costs.
See Note 6,  Related Party Arrangements  to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report
for a discussion of the various related-party transactions, agreements and fees. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Subsequent Events  

Distributions Declared   

On September 30, 2016, we declared a distribution
in the aggregate amount of $347,685, of which $252,941 was paid in cash on October 15, 2016 and $94,744 was paid pursuant to the
DRP in the form of additional shares of our common stock. On October 31, 2016, we declared a distribution in the aggregate amount
of $386,393 which is scheduled to be paid in cash and through the DRP in the form of additional shares of our common stock on or
about November 15, 2016. 

Extension of Offering   

On November 8, 2016, our board of directors
approved an extension of the term of our offering until January 20, 2018, as permitted by the rules of the SEC. 

ITEM   3.       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Market Risk  

Market risk is the adverse effect on the
value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily
as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our real estate investment portfolio
and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed to expand our
investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real
estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek to limit the impact of interest
rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to
hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts
is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. 

With regard to variable rate financing,
our advisor will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures
that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. Our advisor will maintain risk management
control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as
well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net
income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 

As of September 30, 2016, our indebtedness
was comprised of notes secured by the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle, as described below. Both such notes
accrue interest at a fixed rate and, therefore, an increase or decrease in interest rates would have no effect on our interest
expense with respect such notes. Interest rate changes will affect the fair value of any fixed rate instruments that we hold. As
we expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity and the amounts due under such instruments would be limited to the outstanding
principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that fluctuations in interest rates, and the resulting
change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant impact on our operations. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, our mortgage notes payable secured by the respective real properties consisted of the following: 

(1)  Monthly payments of interest only are due and payable in calendar year 2016, after which monthly payments of principal and
interest are due and payable until the maturity date.   

(2)  Monthly payments of interest only are due and payable in calendar year 2016 and 2017, after which monthly payments of principal
and interest are due and payable until the maturity date.   

Credit Risk  

We will also be exposed to credit risk.
Credit risk in our investments in debt and securities relates to each individual borrower s ability to make required interest
and principal payments on scheduled due dates. We seek to manage credit risk through our advisor s comprehensive credit analysis
prior to making an investment, actively monitoring our asset portfolio and the underlying credit quality of our holdings and subordination
and diversification of our portfolio. Our analysis is based on a broad range of real estate, financial, economic and borrower-related
factors which we believe are critical to the evaluation of credit risk inherent in a transaction. As of September 30, 2016, we
had no credit risk exposure because we held no debt or similar securities. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we
file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM   1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

From time to time, we may be party to legal
proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome
is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of
any such legal proceedings contemplated by government agencies. 

ITEM   1A.    RISK FACTORS.  

There have been no material changes to
the risk factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

We have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from
the proceeds of our initial public offering. To the extent that we pay distributions from sources other than our cash flow from
operations, we will have reduced funds available for investment and the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced.   

Our organizational documents permit us
to pay distributions from any source, including net proceeds from our public offerings, borrowings, advances from our sponsor or
advisor and the deferral of fees and expense reimbursements by our advisor, in its sole discretion. Since our inception, our cash
flow from operations has not been sufficient to fund all of our distributions. Of the $1,793,653 in total distributions we paid
during the period from our inception through September 30, 2016, including shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment
plan, $1,488,714, or 83%, were funded from cash flow from operations and $304,939, or 17%, were funded from offering proceeds.
Until we make substantial investments, we may continue to fund distributions from the net proceeds from this offering or sources
other than cash flow from operations. We have not established a limit on the amount of offering proceeds or other sources other
than cash flow from operations that we may use to fund distributions. 

If we are unable to consistently fund distributions
to our stockholders entirely from our cash flow from operations, the value of your shares may be reduced, including upon a listing
of our common stock, the sale of our assets or any other liquidity event should such event occur. To the extent that we fund distributions
from sources other than our cash flow from operations, our funds available for investment will be reduced relative to the funds
available for investment if our distributions were funded solely from cash flow from operations, our ability to achieve our investment
objectives will be negatively impacted and the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced. In addition, if we make a distribution
in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, the distribution will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital,
which will reduce the stockholder s tax basis in its shares of common stock. The amount, if any, of each distribution in
excess of a stockholder s tax basis in its shares of common stock will be taxable as gain realized from the sale or exchange
of property. 

The signing of a definitive merger
agreement with respect to the proposed merger with REIT I is subject to many conditions, and there is no guarantee these conditions
will be met.   

Entry into a
definitive merger agreement with respect to the proposed merger with REIT I, as described herein, is subject to a number of
conditions. These conditions include, among other things, (i) each party s completion of, and its satisfaction
with the results of, financial, tax, legal, regulatory, environmental, operating and other due diligence with respect to the
other party; (ii) negotiation and execution of a definitive merger agreement and ancillary agreements satisfactory to
each of the parties; (iii) our ability to provide evidence of financing sufficient to consummate the proposed merger;
and (iv) the receipt of any government, stockholder, contractual or other approvals or consents related to the proposed
merger. Both our management and the management of REIT I will expend time and resources of their respective companies in the
negotiation of a definitive merger agreement and the fulfillment of the conditions thereof. Such time and resources may
otherwise have been allocated to other operational needs of our company and REIT I, respectively. Additionally, the LOI is
non-binding and there will be no contract or agreement regarding a transaction between us and REIT I until a definitive
merger agreement is signed. There can be no guarantee that, even upon the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, and
others, we will enter into a definitive merger agreement with REIT I. Even if a definitive merger agreement is entered into,
there can be no assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing of the proposed merger will be satisfied or
waived, or as to whether or when the proposed merger will be consummated. 

ITEM   2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS.  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On January 20, 2015, our Registration Statement
on Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) registering our offering of up to $1,100,000,000 in shares of our common stock, was declared
effective and we commenced our offering. We are offering up to $1,000,000,000 in shares of our common stock to the public in our
primary offering at $25.00 per share and up to $100,000,000 of shares of our common stock pursuant to our DRP at $23.75 per share.
On November 8, 2016, our board of directors approved an extension of our offering to January 20, 2018. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had accepted
subscriptions for, and issued, 2,490,350 shares of our common stock, including 21,818 shares of our common stock pursuant to our
DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of $61,713,293. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred
selling commissions, dealer manager fees and organization and other offering costs in our offering in the amounts set forth in
the table below. Moody Securities, LLC, our dealer manager, reallowed all of the selling commissions and a portion of the dealer
manager fees to participating broker-dealers. 

As of September 30, 2016, the net offering
proceeds to us from our offering, after deducting the total expenses incurred as described above, were approximately $52,378,574,
excluding $5,838 in offering proceeds from shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP. 

As of September 30, 2016, we used approximately
$38,025,000 of the net proceeds from our offering to acquire the Residence Inn Austin and the Springhill Suites Seattle and to
reduce the debt on Springhill Suites Seattle. For more information regarding how we used our net offering proceeds through September
30, 2016, see our financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we did not redeem any shares of our common stock. 

ITEM   3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM   4.    MINE SAFTEY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM   5.    OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM   6.    EXHIBITS.  

3.1 
       
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305) and incorporated herein by reference)  

3.2 
       
     Bylaws of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305) and incorporated herein by reference)  

4.1 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement (included as Appendix B to prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305))  

4.2 
       
     Moody National REIT II, Inc. Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix C to prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305))  

10.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 26, 2016)  

10.2 

Promissory Note, dated September 20, 2016, by Moody
National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)   

10.3 
       
     Loan Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, between Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.4 
       
     Guaranty Agreement, made as of September 20, 2016, by Moody National REIT II, Inc. in favor of KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.5 
       
     Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among Moody National Yale-Seattle Holdings, LLC, Old Republic Title, Ltd., and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.6 
       
     Environmental Indemnity Agreement, made as of September 20, 2016, by and among Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC, Moody National REIT II, Inc. and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.7 
       
     First Amendment to Hotel Lease Agreement, effective as of September 20, 2016, between Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC and Moody National Yale-Seattle MT, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

31.1* 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2* 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1* 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.2* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized.  

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Brett C. Moody  

Brett C. Moody  

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Robert W. Engel  

Robert W. Engel  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

3.1 
       
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305) and incorporated herein by reference)  

3.2 
       
     Bylaws of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305) and incorporated herein by reference)  

4.1 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement (included as Appendix B to prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305))  

4.2 
       
     Moody National REIT II, Inc. Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix C to prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-198305))  

10.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 26, 2016)  

10.2 

Promissory Note, dated September 20, 2016, by Moody
National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC in favor of KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)   

10.3 
       
     Loan Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, between Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.4 
       
     Guaranty Agreement, made as of September 20, 2016, by Moody National REIT II, Inc. in favor of KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.5 
       
     Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among Moody National Yale-Seattle Holdings, LLC, Old Republic Title, Ltd., and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.6 
       
     Environmental Indemnity Agreement, made as of September 20, 2016, by and among Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC, Moody National REIT II, Inc. and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

10.7 
       
     First Amendment to Hotel Lease Agreement, effective as of September 20, 2016, between Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC and Moody National Yale-Seattle MT, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 26, 2016)  

31.1* 
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

31.2* 
       
      Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

32.1* 
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

32.2* 
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 10-Q  

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Brett C. Moody, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc.;   

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Intentionally Omitted; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Brett C. Moody   

Brett C. Moody   

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 10-Q  

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Robert W. Engel, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc.;   

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Intentionally Omitted; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Robert W. Engel   

Robert W. Engel   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 10-Q  

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the  Company )
for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Brett C. Moody   

Brett C. Moody   

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 10-Q  

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the  Company )
for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Robert W. Engel   

Robert W. Engel   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mnrtii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mnrtii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mnrtii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mnrtii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mnrtii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mnrtii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

