<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_728387_0001144204-16-132831_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2920475</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190080</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>155651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>758919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1168191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>535073</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>151</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132831.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132831
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IsoRay, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728387
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				411458152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33407
		FILM NUMBER:		161984837

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 HILLS STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99354
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(509) 375-1202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 HILLS STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99354

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTURY PARK PICTURES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132831.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v452265_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

 or 

For the
transition period from __________ to ____________ 

Commission File No. 001-33407 

ISORAY, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    
     Accelerated filer  x       Non-accelerated
filer     

 Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes     No
 x  

Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common equity as of the latest practicable date: 

ISORAY, INC.  

Table of Contents  

PART I  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1  
       Consolidated Unaudited Financial Statements   
      1   

Consolidated Balance Sheets    
      1   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
      3   

Notes to the Consolidated Unaudited Financial Statements   
      4   

Item 2  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      10   

Item 3  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      16   

Item 4  
       Controls and Procedures   
      16   

PART II  
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1  
       Legal Proceedings   
      16   

Item 1A  
       Risk Factors   
      17   

Item 2  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      17   

Item 3  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      17   

Item 4  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      17   

Item 5  
       Other Information   
      18   

Item 6  
       Exhibits   
      18   

Signatures   
       
      19   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

IsoRay, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (In thousands, except shares)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

IsoRay, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars and shares in thousands, except for per-share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

IsoRay, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

IsoRay, Inc.  

  Notes
to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  

  For the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

1.      Basis of Presentation     

The
accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements are those of IsoRay, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( IsoRay 
or the  Company ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements have
been included. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and related footnotes as set forth in the Company s annual report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 30, 2016.  

The
unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules
and regulations, although we believe that the disclosures are adequate for the information not to be misleading.  

Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period s presentation. The results of operations for
the periods presented may not be indicative of those which may be expected for a full year.  The Company anticipates
that as the result of continuing operating losses and the significant net operating losses available from prior fiscal years, its
effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2017 will be 0%.  

2.    New Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASU 2014-09),
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 605,  Revenue
Recognition . The guidance requires that an entity recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in the amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods and services. The guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within that reporting period and is to be applied retrospectively, with early application not permitted. The Company
continues to evaluate the new standard and its impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective
as of the beginning of fiscal 2019. This update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11:
Inventory. The guidance requires an entity s management to measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. 
The Company continues to evaluate the new standard and its impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. This update
will be effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2018. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU
2015-17 to simplify the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. This update requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities
to be reported as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. This update will be effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2018.
This update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
Leases (Subtopic 842), which will require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations
created by most leases. The update is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The
Company continues to evaluate the new standard and its impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. This update will
be effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2019. 

Other accounting standards that
have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  Except to indicate an evaluation of a recent pronouncement
is in process, the Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated to have  potential impact on or
are unrelated to its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

3.    Certificates of deposit  

Certificate of Deposit Account Registry
Service (CDARS) is a system that allows the Company to invest in certificates of deposit through a single financial institution
that exceed the $250,000 limit to be fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). That institution utilizes
the CDARS system to purchase certificates of deposit at other financial Institutions while keeping the investment at each institution
fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). CDARS held by the Company as of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands): 

4.    Loss per Share  

Basic
and diluted earnings (loss) per share are calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding, and does not include the impact of any potentially dilutive common stock equivalents.
At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the calculation of diluted weighted average shares did not include convertible preferred stock,
common stock warrants, or options that are potentially convertible into common stock as those would be antidilutive due to the
Company s net loss position.  

Securities
not considered in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares, but that could be dilutive in the future as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, were as follows (in thousands):  

5.    Inventory  

Inventory consisted of the following at
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  (in thousands):  

Inventory, non-current is raw materials
that were ordered in quantities to obtain volume cost discounts which based on current and anticipated sales volumes will not be
consumed within an operating cycle and the enriched barium which will only be utilized if required to obtain volumes of isotope
not able to be purchased from an existing source in the short or long-term. Management does not anticipate the need to utilize
the enriched barium within the current operating cycle. 

6.    Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consisted of the following at September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  (in thousands):  

1    Plant   equipment,
not placed in service are items that meet the capitalization threshold or which management believes will meet the threshold at
the time of completion and which have yet to be placed into service as of the date of the balance sheet. Also included at September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 are costs associated with automation of production processes and advance planning and design work on
the Company s new production facility. 

7.    Share-Based Compensation  

The following table presents the share-based
compensation expense recognized during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (in
thousands):  

As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized
compensation expense related to stock-based options was approximately $732,000 and the related weighted-average period over which
it is expected to be recognized is approximately 1.84 years. 

A summary of stock options within the Company s
share-based compensation plans as of September 30, 2016 was as follows :  

There were no and 45,994 stock options
exercised and no and $21,654 of intrinsic value associated with these exercises during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company s current policy is to issue new shares to satisfy stock option exercises. 

There were no stock option awards granted
during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively .  

There were 280,534 and 1,608 stock option
awards which expired during quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

There were 35,336 and 6,334 stock option awards forfeited during
quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

8.    Commitments and Contingencies  

Class Action Lawsuit Related to Press
Release  

On May 22, 2015, the first of three lawsuits
was filed against IsoRay, Inc. and two of its officers   Dwight Babcock (the Company s retired CEO) and Brien Ragle,
CFO   related to a press release on May 20, 2015 regarding a May 19 online publication of the peer-reviewed article in the
journal Brachytherapy titled  Analysis of Stereotactic Radiation vs. Wedge Resection vs. Wedge Resection Plus Cesium-131
Brachytherapy in Early-Stage Lung Cancer  by Dr. Bhupesh Parashar, et al. The lawsuits are class actions alleging violations
of the federal securities laws. By Order dated August 17, 2015, all of the pending lawsuits were consolidated into one case  
In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation; Case No. 4:15-cv-05046-LRS, in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.
On October 16, 2015, an amended complaint was filed with more detailed allegations relating to alleged violations of federal securities
laws. On December 15, 2015, IsoRay filed a motion to dismiss the complaint altogether. On June 1, 2016, the court entered an order
denying IsoRay's motion to dismiss, holding that the complaint's allegations, if accepted as true, state a plausible claim to relief.
The order did not adjudicate the merits of the lawsuit. No other issues were decided in the ruling. 

On June 15, 2016, IsoRay filed their answer
to the amended complaint. As IsoRay previously disclosed, on September 23, 2016, the parties entered into a stipulation of settlement
which, if it becomes final, will provide for a payment to the plaintiff class of $3,537,500, which will be paid by our insurers.
On October 4, 2016, the stipulation of settlement was filed with the court, along with plaintiffs  unopposed motion for preliminary
approval of the settlement. On October 20, 2016, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. Following notice to
class members, the class action is subject to final approval by the court. A final approval hearing is scheduled for March 7, 2017.
If the proposed settlement is not approved by the court or if IsoRay is otherwise unable to obtain a favorable resolution of the
claims set forth in the complaint, the lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Derivative Complaint related to
shareholder value  

On September 29, 2016, a purported shareholder
derivative complaint captioned Kitley v. Babcock, et al., No. 0:16-cv-03297, was filed on behalf of the Company in the United
States District Court for the District of Minnesota against certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors. 
The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing the Company to issue allegedly false and
misleading statements in a May 20, 2015 press release   the same press release at issue in the pending securities class
action   concerning the results from a peer reviewed study of its Cesium-131 isotope seeds and mesh product for the treatment
of non-small cell lung cancers.  The complaint brings claims of breach of fiduciary duty, gross mismanagement, and unjust
enrichment, and seeks unspecified compensatory damages, changes in corporate governance, and attorney s fees and costs. 
Because the complaint is derivative in nature, it does not seek monetary damages from the Company.  The Company may be obligated
pursuant to indemnification obligations to advance fees and costs incurred by the individuals defending against the action. 
The Company has applicable directors and officers insurance policies.  Defendants  response to the complaint is due
November 17, 2016. 

9.    Fair Value Measurements  

The following table sets forth the Company s
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy. Assets
and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement
 (in thousands):  

The Company s cash and cash equivalent
instruments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. 

The Company s warrant derivative
liability is valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which requires a variety of inputs. Such instruments are typically
included in Level 2. 

10.    Preferred Dividends  

As of September 30, 2016, there were accrued
but undeclared dividends on Series B Preferred Stock outstanding in the amount of approximately $8,000. 

11.    Shareholders  Equity  

Warrants  

The following table summarizes all warrants
outstanding as of the beginning of the fiscal year, all activity related to warrants issued, cancelled, exercised or expired during
the period and weighted average prices by category. 

The following table summarizes additional
information about the Company s common warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

1    Exercise
prices have been rounded to the nearest whole cent. 

12.    Related Party Transaction  

In previous fiscal years the Company engaged
the services of APEX Data Systems, Inc. (APEX), owned by Dwight Babcock, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to build
and maintain a web interfaced data collection application to aggregate patient data in a controlled environment. An alternative
vendor began providing these services beginning January 2016. 

The cost recorded during the quarter ended
September 30, 2015 from APEX Data Systems, Inc. for the maintenance of the web interfaced data collection applications in combination
with the updating of the Company website was approximately $3,000. An additional approximately $3,000 was spent on the maintenance
of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2016,
the Company engaged GO Intellectual Capital, LLC (GO) for marketing services in support of the Company s rebranding effort.
Michael McCormick, a member of the Company Board of Directors, is a 1/3 owner of GO. A statement of work was developed defining
the scope of the effort and the deliverables to the Company including a new logo with brand messaging and communication tools including
a website, sales presentation tools and a public relations strategy. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid
approximately $15,000 to GO for its performance of work related to the agreed upon statement of work. No such services were provided
in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

13.    Concentrations of Credit and Other Risks  

One group of customers, facilities or physician
practices have revenues that aggregate to greater than 10% of total Company product sales: 

1    This group
of facilities individually do not aggregate to more than 10% of total Company product sales. They are serviced by the same physician
group, one of whom is our Medical Director. 

The Company routinely assesses the financial
strength of its customers and provides an allowance for doubtful accounts as necessary. 

ITEM 2   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information   

In addition to historical information,
this Form 10-Q contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 ( PSLRA ). This statement is included for the express purpose of availing IsoRay, Inc. of the protections
of the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA.  

All statements contained in this Form
10-Q, other than statements of historical facts, that address future activities, events or developments are forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, statements containing the words  believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 intends,   estimate,   forecast,   project,  and similar expressions. All statements other
than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements of
the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services,
developments or industry rankings; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief;
and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses
made by us in light of our experience and our assessment of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments,
as well as other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results will conform
to the expectations and predictions of management is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described under  Risk
Factors  under Part II, Item 1A below and in the  Risk Factors  sections of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016 .  

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results
anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to
or effects on our business operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as
they speak only of the Company's views as of the date the statement was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

The discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. On an on-going basis, management evaluates past judgments and estimates, including
those related to bad debts, inventories, accrued liabilities, derivative liabilities and contingencies. Management bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The accounting policies
and related risks described in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 9, 2016 are those that depend most heavily on these judgments and estimates. As of September 30, 2016, there had been
no material changes to any of the critical accounting policies contained therein. 

Overview   

IsoRay, Inc. is a brachytherapy device
manufacturer with FDA clearance and CE marking for a single medical device that can be delivered to the physician in multiple configurations
as prescribed for the treatment of cancers in multiple body sites. The Company manufactures and sells this product as the Cesium-131
brachytherapy seed. 

The brachytherapy seed utilizes Cesium-131,
with a 9.7 day half-life, as its radiation source. The Company believes that it is the unique combination of the short half-life
and the energy of the Cesium-131 isotope that are yielding the beneficial treatment results that have been published in peer reviewed
journal articles and presented in various forms at conferences and tradeshows. 

The Company has distribution agreements
outside of the United States through its subsidiary IsoRay International LLC. These distributors are responsible for obtaining
regulatory clearance to sell the Company s products in their territories, with the support of the Company. As of the date
of this Report, the Company had distributors in Italy and the Russian Federation, with no reported revenues in the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. 

Results of Operations   

Quarter ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 (in thousands)  

(a)  Expressed as a percentage of product sales, net 

Product Sales.  

Focus on a new marketing approach and sales
training coupled with a summer vacation by some key accounts resulted in lower sales when compared to the prior year s first
quarter (in thousands): 

(a) Expressed as a percentage of product sales, net 

Prostate Brachytherapy.  

Prostate brachytherapy sales decreases
were impacted by physician s reduced summer schedules and the timing of ASTRO, which is typically held during the second
quarter of the Company s fiscal year but was held in the first quarter of this fiscal year. Relationship development was
emphasized following a transitionary period where the Company added a Vice-President of Sales and Marketing and a Senior Marketing
Consultant as well as two Senior Account Managers bringing approximately 45 years of combined experience in the prostate cancer
treatment and related markets. Management believes growth in prostate brachytherapy revenues will be the result of physicians,
payors, and patients increasingly considering overall treatment advantages including costs, better treatment outcomes and improvement
in the quality of life for patients, when compared with non-brachytherapy treatments. 

Management believes increased pressure
to deliver effective healthcare in both terms of outcome and cost drove treatment options in the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
with prostate brachytherapy receiving more consideration than in previous years and believes this trend is continuing in the quarter
ended September 30, 2016. 

Other Brachytherapy.  

Other brachytherapy includes, but is not
limited to, brain, lung, head/neck, and gynecological treatments. Initial applications for these other brachytherapy treatments
are primarily used in recurrent cancer treatments or salvage cases that are generally difficult to treat aggressive cancers where
other treatment options are either ineffective or unavailable. 

These other brachytherapy treatments continue
to be subject to the influence of a small pool of innovative physicians who are the early adopters of the technology who also tend
to be faculty at teaching hospitals training the next generation of physicians. This causes the revenue created by these types
of treatment applications to be more volatile and vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

Cost of product sales.  

Cost of product sales consists
primarily of the costs of manufacturing and distributing the Company s products. Contributing to the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 comparison were decreases attributed to a change in the asset retirement obligation and reduced
depreciation expense as several production related assets became fully depreciated. 

The Company purchases an excess supply
of isotope to meet not only known customer orders but also enough to fill anticipated orders which may or may not materialize.
Excess isotope is utilized in the production of upcoming orders where possible considering the decay rates of Cesuim-131. Loss
of isotope to decay is also included as a cost of production. 

Research and development.  

Research and development consists primarily
of the costs related to employee and third party research and development activities. Contributing to the quarter ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 comparison were increased legal expenses related to maintenance of intellectual property. 

Sales and marketing expenses.  

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of the costs related to the internal and external activities of the Company s sales, marketing and customer service. Contributing
to the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 comparison increase were rebranding efforts and a website redesign that launched
during the quarter and increased costs attributed to filled sales positions, including the position of Vice President of Sales
and Marketing, some of which were unfilled in the previous quarter ended September 30, 2015 and others that were added including
a Product Manager and a Senior Marketing Consultant. These increases were partially offset by decreased costs associated with attending
trade shows. 

General and administrative expenses.  

General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of the costs related to the executive, quality assurance/regulatory affairs departments, finance, and information technology
of the Company. Contributing to the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 comparison were increased salary, benefits, and share-based
compensation related to the hiring of the Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs and the Senior Accountant in June
2016, and the Vice President of Human Resources and Training in July 2016. There were also increased public company expenses related
to the executive compensation review by an independent consultant and the attendance of the Company s Chief Executive, Financial
and Operating/Scientific Officers to the Rodman   Renshaw investor conference. 

Non-operating income (expense).  

Interest income consists primarily of interest
earned on certificates of deposit in the CDARS system which are FDIC insured. 

The warrant derivative liability requires
periodic evaluation for changes in fair value. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company evaluated the fair
value of the warrant derivative liability using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and applied updated inputs as of those dates.
The resulting change in fair value was recorded during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Other income consists primarily of gains
on asset disposals and other revenues not attributed to the Company s core business products. In the quarter ended September
30, 2016 the Company recorded a gain of approximately $5,000 on asset disposals and approximately $16,000 of refunds resulting
from an audit performed on one of our vendors. 

Liquidity
and capital resources  . 

The Company assesses its liquidity in terms
of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. The Company has historically financed
its operations through selling equity to investors. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company used existing
cash reserves to fund its operations and capital expenditures (in thousands except current ratio). 

Cash flows from operating activities  

Net cash used by operating activities in
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a net loss of approximately $1.5 million net of approximately $81,000
in adjustments for non-cash activity such as depreciation and amortization expense, the change in fair value of the warrant derivative
liability and share-based compensation. Changes in operating assets and liabilities contributed approximately $64,000 to the cash
provided by operating activities, such as improved effectiveness from accounts receivable collection efforts which was offset by
the timing of accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Cash flows from investing activities  

Investing activities consisted of transactions
related to the purchase of fixed assets, including automation of production processes and advance planning and design work on the
Company s new production facility, as well as the purchase and subsequent maturity of certificates of deposit. Management
will continue to invest in technology and machinery that improves and streamlines production processes and to invest and reinvest
maturing certificates of deposit in low-risk investment opportunities that safeguard assets and provide greater assurance those
resources will be liquid and available for business needs as they arise. 

Cash flows from financing activities  

Financing activities in the quarter ended
September 30, 2015 were due to sales of common stock through option exercises. 

Projected 2017 Liquidity and Capital
Resources  

Operating activities  

Management forecasts that fiscal 2017 cash
requirements will be similar to previous years and that current cash and cash equivalents along with certificates of deposit (current
and non-current) will be sufficient to meet projected operating cash needs for the coming year. Assuming no extraordinary expenses
occur (whether operating or capital), if management is successful at implementing its strategy to focus on renewed emphasis to
drive the consumer to the prostate market and meets or exceeds its annual growth targets of twenty percent increase in revenue
in fiscal 2017 and this annual growth continues, the Company anticipates reaching cashflow break-even in three to five years. There
is no assurance that the targeted sales growth will materialize but management is encouraged by the depth and experience of its
restructured sales team. 

Capital expenditures  

Management is in the design process of
a future production and administration facility. If financing is obtained and the facility constructed, it is believed that the
new facility will have non-cash depreciation cost equal to or greater than the monthly rental cost of the current facility. Management
is reviewing all aspects of production operations (including process automation), research and development, sales and marketing,
and general and administrative functions to evaluate the most efficient deployment of capital to ensure that the appropriate materials,
systems, and personnel are available to support and drive product sales. Through the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company
has invested approximately $110,000 towards the automation of thirteen production processes, three of which have been received,
are being tested and evaluated, and are expected to be placed in service in the coming quarter. Management is expecting to invest
approximately $390,000 more during fiscal 2017 on the remaining production process automation projects. This investment is designed
to allow the Company to significantly increase the output of Cs-131 brachytherapy seeds while allowing the Company to control the
highest cost inputs to seed production while also improving the overall safety of our operations. 

Financing activities  

There was no material change in the use
of proceeds from our public offering as described in our final prospectus supplement filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)
on March 24, 2014. Through June 30, 2016, the Company had used the net proceeds raised through the March 2014 offering as described
in the public offering. No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates)
or persons owning ten percent or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. 

On August 25, 2015, the Company filed a
registration statement on Form S-3 to register securities up to $20 million in value for future issuance in our capital raising
activities. The registration statement became effective on November 19, 2015, and the SEC file number assigned to the registration
statement is 333-206559. 

The Company expects to finance its future
cash needs through sales of equity, possible strategic collaborations, debt financing or through other sources that may be dilutive
to existing shareholders, Management anticipates that if it raises additional financing that it will be at a discount to the market
price and it will be dilutive to shareholders. 

Other Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company presented its other commitments
and contingencies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes
outside of the ordinary course of business in those obligations during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 other than those previously
disclosed in Note 8 to the interim financial statements contained in this Form 10-Q. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses
during the reporting periods. The Company evaluates its estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. The Company bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other factors the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Actual results could therefore
differ materially from those estimates if actual conditions differ from our assumptions. 

During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, there have been no changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates, as discussed in Part II, Item 7 of our Form
10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

There have been no material changes to
the disclosure in the  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 4   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation,
our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions, regardless of how remote. However, management believes that our system of disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

The Company may, in the ordinary course
of business, be subject to various legal proceedings. Legal proceedings are discussed in Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (Unaudited). We refer you to that discussion for important information concerning those legal proceedings,
including the basis for such actions and, where known, the relief sought. We provide the following additional information concerning
those legal proceedings, including the name of the lawsuit, the court in which the lawsuit is pending, and the date on which the
petition commencing the lawsuit was filed. 

Class Action Lawsuit Related to Press
Release  

On May 22, 2015, the first of three lawsuits
was filed against IsoRay, Inc. and two of its officers   Dwight Babcock (the Company s retired CEO) and Brien Ragle,
CFO   related to a press release on May 20, 2015 regarding a May 19 online publication of the peer-reviewed article in the
journal Brachytherapy titled  Analysis of Stereotactic Radiation vs. Wedge Resection vs. Wedge Resection Plus Cesium-131
Brachytherapy in Early-Stage Lung Cancer  by Dr. Bhupesh Parashar, et al. The lawsuits are class actions alleging violations
of the federal securities laws. By Order dated August 17, 2015, all of the pending lawsuits were consolidated into one case  
In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation; Case No. 4:15-cv-05046-LRS, in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.
On October 16, 2015, an amended complaint was filed with more detailed allegations relating to alleged violations of federal securities
laws. On December 15, 2015, IsoRay filed a motion to dismiss the complaint altogether. On June 1, 2016, the court entered an order
denying IsoRay's motion to dismiss, holding that the complaint's allegations, if accepted as true, state a plausible claim to relief.
The order did not adjudicate the merits of the lawsuit. No other issues were decided in the ruling. 

On June 15, 2016, IsoRay filed their answer
to the amended complaint. As IsoRay previously disclosed, on September 23, 2016, the parties entered into a stipulation of settlement
which, if it becomes final, will provide for a payment to the plaintiff class of $3,537,500, which will be paid by our insurers.
On October 4, 2016, the stipulation of settlement was filed with the court, along with plaintiffs  unopposed motion for preliminary
approval of the settlement. On October 20, 2016, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. Following notice to
class members, the class action is subject to final approval by the court. A final approval hearing is scheduled for March 7, 2017.
If the proposed settlement is not approved by the court or if IsoRay is otherwise unable to obtain a favorable resolution of the
claims set forth in the complaint, the lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Derivative Complaint related to
shareholder value  

On September 29, 2016, a purported shareholder
derivative complaint captioned Kitley v. Babcock, et al., No. 0:16-cv-03297, was filed on behalf of the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of Minnesota against certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors. 
The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing the Company to issue allegedly false and misleading
statements in a May 20, 2015 press release   the same press release at issue in the pending securities class action  
concerning the results from a peer reviewed study of its Cesium-131 isotope seeds and mesh product for the treatment of non-small
cell lung cancers.  The complaint brings claims of breach of fiduciary duty, gross mismanagement, and unjust enrichment, and
seeks unspecified compensatory damages, changes in corporate governance, and attorney s fees and costs.  Because the
complaint is derivative in nature, it does not seek monetary damages from the Company.  The Company may be obligated pursuant
to indemnification obligations to advance fees and costs incurred by the individuals defending against the action.  The Company
has applicable directors and officers insurance policies.  Defendants  response to the complaint is due November 17,
2016. 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS  

A description of the risk factors associated
with our business is included under  Risk Factors  contained in Part I, Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended
June 30, 2016, and is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes in our risk factors since such filing,
except for the following: 

We Rely Heavily On Five Customers  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016
approximately 48% of the Company s revenues were dependent on five customers with nearly 22% being generated by one customer.
The loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenues which may not be replaced
by other customers particularly as these customers are in the prostate sector which is facing substantial competition from other
treatments. 

ITEM 2   UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5   OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

* Filed herewith. 

 ** Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 9, 2016  

ISORAY, INC., a Minnesota corporation   

By  
      /s/ Thomas C. LaVoy   

Thomas C. LaVoy, Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

By  
       /s/ Brien L. Ragle   

Brien L. Ragle, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452265_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1  

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

 EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON 

 AT RICHLAND 

In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation 

Master File No. 4:15-cv-5046-LRS 
           
          STIPULATION OF SETTLEMENT    

This Stipulation of
Settlement (together with all Exhibits and Schedules thereto, the  Stipulation ), dated as of September 23, 2016, which
is entered into by and among (i) Plaintiffs (defined herein), on their own behalf and on behalf of the Settlement Class (defined
herein), and (ii) IsoRay Inc. ( IsoRay  or the  Company ) and Dwight Babcock, by and through their undersigned
attorneys, states all of the terms of the settlement and resolution of this matter by the Settling Parties (defined herein) and
is intended by the Settling Parties to fully and finally release, resolve, and discharge the Released Claims (defined herein) against
the Released Persons (defined herein), subject to the approval of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Washington (the  Court ). 

Throughout this Stipulation,
all terms used with initial capitalization, but not immediately defined, shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1
below. 

WHEREAS: 

A.  The Action 

On May 22, 2015, after
an investigation, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington
against IsoRay and the Individual Defendant (defined herein), alleging violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

On August 17, 2015,
the Court appointed Bogdan Ostrowski, Joseph Kavanaugh and Patrick McNamara as Lead Plaintiffs and approved their selection of
The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. and Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman   Herz LLP as Lead Counsel pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act, as amended. 

Plaintiffs  Counsel
(defined herein) conducted a further extensive investigation regarding the claims asserted in the Action. Following this investigation,
on October 16, 2015, Plaintiffs filed the Amended Class Action Complaint ( Complaint ). 

On December 15, 2015,
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint. On February 16, 2016, Plaintiffs filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss.
Upon full briefing of the motion, the Court held a hearing on the motion on May 12, 2016, and took the matter under submission. 

On June 1, 2016, the
Court issued an order denying the motion to dismiss. 

B.  The Settlement 

On September 14, 2016,
the Settling Parties participated in an all-day mediation with experienced mediator Michelle Yoshida, Esq. of Phillips ADR. At
the conclusion of the mediation session, the Settling Parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the Action. 

This Stipulation memorializes
the agreement between the Settling Parties to fully and finally settle the Action and to fully release the Released Persons of
the Released Claims, including all claims asserted against the Defendants in this Action, with prejudice in return for specified
consideration. 

C.  Defendants  Denial Of Wrongdoing And Liability 

Defendants have denied
and continue to deny each and all of the claims and contentions alleged by Plaintiffs in this Action. The Defendants expressly
have denied and continue to deny all charges of wrongdoing or liability against them arising out of any of the conduct, statements,
acts or omissions alleged, or that could have been alleged, in this Action. The Defendants also have denied and continue to deny,
 inter alia , the allegations that Plaintiffs or Settlement Class Member have suffered damage, or were otherwise harmed by
the conduct alleged in this Action. The Defendants have asserted and continue to assert that, at all times, they acted in good
faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in accordance with all applicable rules, regulations and laws. 

Defendants enter into
this Stipulation to eliminate the uncertainties, burden and expense of further litigation. Nothing in this Stipulation shall be
construed as any admission by any of the Defendants or any of the Released Persons of any wrongdoing, fault, liability, or damages
whatsoever. 

D.  Claims of Plaintiffs And Benefits Of Settlement 

Plaintiffs believe
that the claims asserted in the Action have merit. Plaintiffs, however, recognize and acknowledge the expense and length of continued
proceedings necessary to prosecute the Action against Defendants through trial and appeals. Plaintiffs also have taken into account
the uncertain outcome and the risk of any litigation. In particular, Plaintiffs have considered the challenges and expense of conducting
discovery, the risks of surviving an anticipated motion for summary judgment, the risk in collecting any judgment (if awarded)
against the Defendants, as well as the risk and expense associated with potential appeals even if Plaintiffs are successful in
their claims. Plaintiffs have therefore determined that the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation is fair, adequate, reasonable,
and in the best interests of the Settlement Class. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED , by and among the Plaintiffs, for themselves and on behalf of the Settlement Class, and
Defendants by and through their respective undersigned counsel that, subject to the approval of the Court pursuant to Rule 23(e)
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, in consideration of the benefits flowing to the Settling Parties from the Settlement set
forth herein, the Action and the Released Claims as against the Released Persons shall be finally and fully compromised, settled
and released, the Action shall be dismissed with prejudice, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Stipulation, as
follows. 

1.          Definitions 

In addition to the
terms defined above, the following capitalized terms, used in this Stipulation, shall have the meanings specified below: 

1.1.         Action 
or  Litigation  means the putative class action captioned  In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation , Case No.
15-cv-5046-LRS, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, and including all cases consolidated
therein. 

1.2.      
 Administrative Costs  means all costs and expenses associated with providing notice of the Settlement to the Settlement
Class and otherwise administering or carrying out the terms of the Settlement. Such costs may include, without limitation: escrow
agent costs, the costs of publishing summary notice, the costs of printing and mailing the full Notice and Proof of Claim, and
the costs of reviewing and processing Proofs of Claim, as directed by the Court. Such costs do not include legal fees. 

1.3.         Authorized
Claimant  means any Settlement Class Member who is a Claimant and whose Proof of Claim has been allowed pursuant to the terms
of this Stipulation, the exhibits hereto, and any order of the Court. 

1.4.       
 Claimant  means any Settlement Class Member who files a Proof of Claim in such form and manner, and within such time,
as the Court shall prescribe, and does not withdraw it. 

1.5.       
 Claims  means any and all manner of claims, demands, rights, actions, potential actions, causes of action, liabilities,
duties, damages, losses, diminutions in value, obligations, agreements, suits, fees, attorneys  fees, expert or consulting
fees, debts, expenses, costs, sanctions, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and/or controversies of any kind or nature whatsoever,
whether known or unknown, contingent or absolute, liquidated or not liquidated, accrued or unaccrued, suspected or unsuspected,
disclosed or undisclosed, apparent or not apparent, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or not matured, which now exist, or heretofore
or previously existed, or may hereafter exist, (including, but not limited to, any claims arising under federal, state, common
law, statute, rule, or regulation, whether individual, class, direct, derivative, representative, on behalf of others, legal, equitable,
or of any other type or in any other capacity. 

1.6.       
 Claims Administrator  means Strategic Claims Services, which shall administer the Settlement. 

1.7.       
 Defendants  means IsoRay and Dwight Babcock. 

1.8.       
 Defendants  Counsel  means Wilson Sonsini Goodrich   Rosati P.C. 

1.9.       
 Escrow Account  means an interest-bearing escrow account established by the Escrow Agent or its appointed agent. The
Escrow Account shall be managed by the Escrow Agent, subject to the Court s supervisory authority, for the benefit of Plaintiffs
and the Settlement Class in accordance with the terms of the Stipulation. 

1.10.     The
 Escrow Agent  is Strategic Claims Services or its appointed agent. The Escrow Agent shall perform the duties as set
forth in this Stipulation. 

1.11.     
 Effective Date  means the first date by which all of the events and conditions specified in  10.3 of this Stipulation
have been met and have occurred. 

1.12.     
 Final  when referring to the Final Judgment means exhaustion of all possible appeals, meaning (i) if no appeal or
request for review is filed, the day after the date of expiration of any time for appeal or review of the Final Judgment, and (ii)
if an appeal or request for review is filed, the day after the date the appeal or request for review is dismissed, or the Final
Judgment is upheld on appeal or review in all material respects, and is not subject to further review on appeal or by certiorari
or otherwise; provided, however, that any dispute or appeals relating solely to the amount, payment or allocation of attorneys 
fees and expenses, Plaintiff service awards as approved by the Court for reimbursement of their reasonable costs and expenses (including
lost wages) directly related to the representation of the class, the Plan of Allocation, or the provisions of   6.1 and
6.2 of this Stipulation shall have no effect on finality for purposes of determining the date on which the Final Judgment becomes
Final. 

1.13.     Final Judgment  means the order and judgment to be entered by the Court approving the Settlement, materially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 

1.14.      Individual Defendant  means Dwight Babcock. 

1.15.      Notice  means the  Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action and Settlement Fairness Hearing, and Motion
for Attorneys  Fees and Reimbursement of Expenses,  which is to be sent to Settlement Class Members substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-1. 

1.16.       Opt-Out  means any one of, and  Opt-Outs  means all of, any Persons who otherwise would be Settlement
Class Members and have timely and validly requested exclusion from the Settlement Class in accordance with the provisions of the
Preliminary Approval Order and the Notice given pursuant thereto, and have not withdrawn their request for exclusion. 

1.17.     Person  means individual, corporation, fund, limited liability corporation, professional corporation, limited liability
partnership, partnership, limited partnership association, joint stock company, estate, legal representative, trust, unincorporated
association, and any business or legal entity and their spouses, heirs, predecessors, successors, representatives, or assigns. 

1.18.      Plaintiffs  means Lead Plaintiffs Bodgan Ostrowski, Joseph Kavanaugh and Patrick McNamara and named plaintiffs Timothy
Yuen and JM Zulueta. 

1.19.      Plaintiffs  Counsel  means the law firms of The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. and Wolf Haldenstein Freeman Adler  
Herz LLP. 

1.20.      Plan of Allocation  means a plan or formula for allocating the Settlement Fund to Authorized Claimants after payment
of Administrative Costs, Taxes and Tax Expenses, and such attorneys  fees, costs and expenses as may be awarded by the Court. 

1.21.      Preliminary Approval Order  means the proposed order preliminarily approving the Settlement and directing notice thereof
to the Settlement Class, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

1.22.      Proof of Claim  means the Proof of Claim to be submitted by Claimants, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit
A-3. 

1.23.      Related Persons  means each of a Defendant s past, present or future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and
their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, principals, agents, underwriters, insurers, co-insurers, reinsurers,
controlling shareholders, attorneys, accountants or auditors, financial or investment advisors or consultants, banks or investment
bankers, personal or legal representatives, predecessors, successors, assigns, spouses, marital communities, heirs, related or
affiliated entities, any entity in which a Defendants has a controlling interest, any member of the Individual Defendant s
immediate family, or any trust of which the Individual Defendant is the settler or which is for the benefit of any Defendant and/or
member(s) of his family. 

1.24.      Released Claims  means any and all Claims, including Unknown Claims, that have been, could have been, or in the future
can or might be asserted in any federal, state or foreign court, tribunal, forum or proceeding by on or behalf of any of the Releasing
Parties against any one or more of the Released Persons, whether any such Released Persons were named, served with process, or
appeared in the Action, which directly or indirectly arise out of or relate to (i) the subject matter of the Action or any of the
claims asserted in the Action, (ii) the facts, events, transactions, acts, occurrences, statements, representations, misrepresentations,
or omissions which were or could have been asserted in this Action, including but not limited to any Claim for fraud, deceit, negligence,
or violations of federal securities laws and the rules promulgated thereunder, (iii) the purchase or sale of IsoRay common stock
by any of the Releasing Parties during the Class Period, and/or (iv) any claims in connection with, based upon, arising out of,
or relating to the Settlement (but excluding any claims to enforce the terms of the Settlement). 

1.25.       Released Persons  means Defendants and their Related Persons. 

1.26.       Releasing Parties  means the Plaintiffs, each and every member of the Settlement Class and each of their respective
parent entities, associates, affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, assigns, attorneys, heirs, representatives, administrators,
executors, devisees, legatees, and estates. 

1.27.       Settlement  means the settlement contemplated by this Stipulation. 

1.28.      Settlement Amount  means the sum of $3,537,500 (three million five hundred thirty seven thousand five hundred U.S.
dollars) in cash to be paid pursuant to  2.1 of this Stipulation. 

1.29.      Settlement Class  means all Persons (including, without limitation, their beneficiaries) who purchased the publicly
traded common stock of IsoRay between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015, inclusive, ( Class Period ) and were damaged thereby.
Excluded from the Settlement Class are: (i) Persons who suffered no compensable losses (ii) Opt-Outs; and (iii) Defendants and
any entity in which the Defendants have a controlling interest, and the officers, directors, affiliates, legal representatives,
immediate family members, heirs, successors, subsidiaries and/or assigns of any such individual or entity in their capacity as
such. 

1.30.      Settlement Class Member  or  Class Member  means any Person who is a member of the Settlement Class. 

1.31.      Settlement Hearing  or  Final Settlement Hearing  means the hearing at or after which the Court will make
a final decision pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure as to whether the Settlement contained in the Stipulation
is fair, reasonable and adequate, and therefore, should receive final approval from the Court. 

1.32.      Settling Party  means any one of, and  Settling Parties  means all of, the parties to the Stipulation,
namely Defendants and Plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and the Settlement Class. 

1.33.      Summary Notice  means the notice of the proposed Settlement which shall be published in  Investors  Business
Daily  substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-2. 

1.34.       Unknown Claims  shall mean all claims, demands, rights, liabilities, and causes of action of every nature and description
which any Settlement Class Member does not know or suspect to exist in his, her or its favor at the time of the release of the
Released Persons which, if known by him, her or it, might have affected his, her or its settlement with and release of the Released
Persons, or might have affected his, her or its decision not to opt-out or object to this Settlement. With respect to any and all
Released Claims, the Settling Parties stipulate and agree that, upon the Effective Date, the Plaintiffs shall expressly waive,
and each of the Settlement Class Members shall be deemed to have waived, and by operation of the Final Judgment shall have waived,
the provisions, rights and benefits of California Civil Code   1542, which provides: 

A general release does not extend
to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which
if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. 

Plaintiffs shall expressly waive and each
of the Settlement Class Members shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Final Judgment shall have, expressly waived any
and all provisions, rights and benefits conferred by any law of any state, territory, foreign country or principle of common law,
which is similar, comparable or equivalent to California Civil Code   1542. Plaintiffs and/or one or more Settlement Class
Members may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those which he, she or it now knows or believes to be true
with respect to the subject matter of the Released Claims, but the Plaintiffs shall expressly fully, finally and forever settle
and release, and each Settlement Class Member, upon the Effective Date, shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Final
Judgment shall have, fully, finally and forever settled and released, any and all Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected
or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, which now exist, or heretofore have existed, including, but not limited to, conduct
which is negligent, intentional, or with or without malice. The Plaintiffs acknowledge, and the Settlement Class Members shall
be deemed by operation of the Final Judgment to have acknowledged, that the foregoing waiver was separately bargained for and a
key element of the Settlement of which this release is a part. 

2.  The Settlement Consideration   

2.1.       In
consideration for the promises and obligations contained herein and the full and final release, settlement and discharge of all
Released Claims against the Released Persons, the Settling Parties have agreed that, subject to the terms of the Stipulation, Defendants
shall pay or cause to be paid the Settlement Amount to be deposited into the Escrow Account, under the control of the Escrow Agent,
within fourteen (14) calendar days from the date by which both a) Defendants have received a W-9 and payment instructions from
Plaintiffs, and b) entry of the Preliminary Approval Order. The funds transferred to the Escrow Account pursuant to this paragraph,
and any interest earned thereon, are referred to as the  Settlement Fund.  

2.2.       Under
no circumstances will Defendants be required to pay more than the Settlement Amount pursuant to this Stipulation and the Settlement
for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, as compensation to any Settlement Class Member or in payment of any fees
or expenses incurred by any Settlement Class Member or Plaintiffs  Counsel. 

3.  Handling And Disbursement Of Funds By The Escrow Agent   

3.1.       No
monies will be disbursed from the Settlement Fund until after the Effective Date except: 

(a)          As
provided in   3.4 below; 

(b)          As
provided in  10.9 below, if applicable; 

(c)          As
provided in  8.2 below; and 

(d)        To pay Taxes and
Tax Expenses (as defined in  4.1 below) on the income earned by the Settlement Fund. Taxes and Tax Expenses shall be paid
out of the Settlement Fund and shall be considered to be a cost of administration of the Settlement and shall be timely paid by
the Escrow Agent without prior order of the Court. 

3.2.       The
Escrow Agent may invest any funds (other than security interests in assets) deposited into the Settlement Fund in short term instruments
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government or fully insured by the United States Government or an agency
thereof, and may reinvest the proceeds of these instruments as they mature in similar instruments at their then-current market
rates. Defendants, Defendants  Counsel and the Released Persons shall have no responsibility for, interest in, or any liability
whatsoever with respect to any investment decision executed by the Escrow Agent. The Settlement Fund shall bear all risks related
to the investments of the Settlement Amount in accordance with the guidelines set forth in this paragraph. 

3.3.       The
Escrow Agent shall not disburse the Settlement Fund except as provided in this Stipulation or by an order of the Court. 

3.4.       At
any time after the Court grants preliminary approval of the Settlement, the Escrow Agent may, without further approval from Defendants
or the Court, disburse at the direction of Plaintiffs  Counsel up to $100,000.00 from the Settlement Fund prior to the Effective
Date to pay the Administrative Costs. 

4.1.       Plaintiffs 
Counsel has structured the Settlement Fund so that it will be at all times a  qualified settlement fund  within the
meaning of Treasury Regulation   1.468B-1. The Settling Parties agree to treat it as such. In addition, Plaintiffs 
Counsel or its designee shall timely make such elections as necessary or advisable to carry out the provisions of this  4.1,
including the  relation-back election  (as defined in Treasury Regulation   1.468B-1) back to the earliest permitted
date. Such elections shall be made in compliance with the procedures and requirements contained in such regulations. It shall be
the responsibility of Plaintiffs  Counsel or its designee to timely and properly prepare and deliver the necessary documentation
for signature by all necessary parties, and thereafter to cause the appropriate filing to occur. 

(a)          For
purposes of   468B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury Regulation   1.468B-2(k)(3) promulgated
thereunder, the  administrator  shall be the Plaintiffs  Counsel or its designee. Plaintiffs  Counsel or
its designee shall timely and properly file all informational and other tax returns necessary or advisable with respect to the
Settlement Fund (including without limitation the returns described in Treasury Regulation   1.468B-2(k)). Such returns (as
well as the election described in this  4.1) shall be consistent with this  4.1 and in all events shall reflect that
all Taxes (including any estimated Taxes, interest or penalties) on the income earned by the Settlement Fund shall be paid out
of the Settlement Fund as provided in this Stipulation. 

(b)         All
Taxes (including any estimated Taxes, interest or penalties) arising with respect to the income earned by the Settlement Fund,
including any Taxes or tax detriments that may be imposed upon Defendants or Defendants  Counsel with respect to any income
earned by the Settlement Fund for any period during which the Settlement Fund does not qualify as a  qualified settlement
fund  for federal or state income tax purposes ( Taxes ), and expenses and costs incurred in connection with
the operation and implementation of this  4.1 (including, without limitation, expenses of tax attorneys and/or accountants
and mailing and distribution costs and expenses or penalties relating to filing (or failing to file) the returns described in this
 4.1) ( Tax Expenses ), shall be paid out of the Settlement Fund, as appropriate. Defendants and Defendants 
Counsel shall have no liability or responsibility for the Taxes or the Tax Expenses. Taxes and Tax Expenses shall be treated as,
and considered to be, a cost of administration of the Settlement and shall be timely paid out of the Settlement Fund without prior
order from the Court. The Escrow Agent shall be obligated (notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary) to withhold from distribution
to Authorized Claimants any funds necessary to pay such amounts, including the establishment of adequate reserves for any Taxes
and Tax Expenses (as well as any amounts that may be withheld under Treasury Regulation   1.468B-2(1)(2)). Defendants, Defendants 
Counsel and the Released Persons shall have no responsibility for, interest in, or any liability whatsoever with respect to the
foregoing provided in this  4.1. The Settling Parties agree to cooperate with each other, and their tax attorneys and accountants,
to the extent reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this  4.1. 

5.  Preliminary Approval Order, Notice Order, And Settlement
Hearing 

5.1.       Plaintiffs 
Counsel shall submit this Stipulation and its exhibits to the Court and shall apply for preliminary approval of the Settlement
set forth in this Stipulation, entry of a preliminary approval order, and approval for the mailing and dissemination of notice,
and Proof of Claim, substantially in the form of Exhibits A, A-1, and A-2. The mailed Notice (Exhibit A-1) shall include the general
terms of the Settlement and the provisions of the Plan of Allocation, and shall set forth the procedure by which recipients of
the Notice may object to the Settlement or the Plan of Allocation or request to be excluded from the Settlement Class. The date
and time of the Settlement Hearing shall be added to the Notice before it is mailed or otherwise provided to Settlement Class Members. 

5.2.       To
assist in dissemination of notice, Defendants will cooperate in obtaining the names and contact information of the Settlement Class
Members and their nominees or custodians. Defendants shall provide, or cause to be provided, to Plaintiffs  Counsel or the
Claims Administrator, at no cost to Plaintiffs, within fourteen (14) calendar days after the Court signs an order preliminarily
approving the settlement, transfer records in electronic searchable form, such as Excel, containing the names and addresses of
Persons who purchased or otherwise acquired IsoRay common stock during the Class Period. 

5.3.       At
the time of the submission described in  5.1 hereof, the Settling Parties, through their counsel, shall jointly request that,
after the Notice is provided, the Court hold the Settlement Hearing and (i) approve the Settlement as set forth herein and (ii)
enter judgment substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, as promptly after the Settlement Hearing as possible. 

6.  Releases And Covenants Not To Sue 

6.1.       Upon
the Effective Date, as defined in  1.11 hereof, the Releasing Parties, on behalf of themselves, their successors and assigns,
and any other Person claiming (now or in the future) through or on behalf of them, regardless of whether any such Releasing Party
ever seeks or obtains by any means, including without limitation by submitting a Proof of Claim, any disbursement from the Settlement
Fund, shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Final Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever released, relinquished,
and discharged all Released Claims against the Released Persons and shall have covenanted not to sue the Released Persons with
respect to all such Released Claims, and shall be permanently barred and enjoined from asserting, commencing, prosecuting, instituting,
assisting, instigating, or in any way participating in the commencement or prosecution of any action or other proceeding, in any
forum, asserting any Released Claim, either directly, representatively, derivatively, or in any other capacity, against any of
the Released Persons. Nothing contained herein shall, however, bar the Releasing Parties from bringing any action or claim to enforce
the terms of this Stipulation or the Final Judgment. 

6.2.       Upon
the Effective Date, as defined in  1.11 hereof, Defendants, on behalf of themselves, their heirs, executors, predecessors,
successors and assigns, shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Final Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever
released, relinquished, and discharged the Plaintiffs, Settlement Class Members and Plaintiffs  Counsel from all Claims which
arise out of, concern or relate to the institution, prosecution, settlement or dismissal of the Action (the  Defendants 
Released Claims ), and shall be permanently enjoined from prosecuting the Defendants  Released Claims against the Plaintiffs,
Settlement Class Members and Plaintiffs  Counsel. Nothing contained herein shall, however, bar the Defendants or any Released
Party from bringing any action or claim to enforce the terms of this Stipulation or the Final Judgment. 

7.  Administration And Calculation Of Claims, Final Awards
And Supervision And Distribution Of The Settlement Fund 

7.1.       Under
the supervision of Plaintiffs  Counsel, acting on behalf of the Settlement Class, and subject to such supervision and direction
of the Court as may be necessary or as circumstances may require, the Claims Administrator shall administer and calculate the claims
submitted by Settlement Class Members and shall oversee distribution of the Net Settlement Fund (as defined below) to Authorized
Claimants. 

7.2.       The
Settlement Fund shall be applied as follows: 

(a)          To
pay the Taxes and Tax Expenses described in  4.1 above; 

(b)          To
pay Administrative Costs; 

(c)          To
pay Plaintiffs  Counsel s attorneys  fees and expenses (the  Fee and Expense Award ), and to pay
Plaintiffs service awards, to the extent allowed by the Court; and 

(d)          To
distribute the balance of the Settlement Fund, that is, the Settlement Fund less the items set forth in  7.2(a), (b), and
(c) hereof (the  Net Settlement Fund ), to the Authorized Claimants as allowed by this Stipulation, the Plan of Allocation,
or the Court. 

7.3.       Upon
and after the Effective Date, and in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Allocation or such further approval and further order(s)
of the Court as may be necessary or as circumstances may require, the Net Settlement Fund shall be distributed to Authorized Claimants
subject to and in accordance with the Plan of Allocation set forth in the Notice. The Net Settlement Fund shall be distributed
to Authorized Claimants by the Claims Administrator upon application to the Court by Plaintiffs  Counsel for a settlement
class distribution order only after all of the following having occurred: (i) the Effective Date; (ii) all claims have been processed,
and all Claimants whose claims have been rejected or disallowed, in whole or in part, have been notified and provided the opportunity
to be heard concerning such rejection or disallowance; (iii) all objections with respect to all rejected or disallowed claims have
been resolved by the Court, and all appeals therefrom have been resolved or the time therefor has expired; (iv) all matters with
respect to Attorneys  Fees and Expenses, costs, and disbursements have been resolved by the Court, and all appeals therefrom
have been resolved or the time therefor has expired; and (v) all costs of administration have been paid. 

7.4.       This
is not a claims-made settlement, and if all conditions of the Stipulation are satisfied and the Final Judgment becomes Final, no
portion of the Settlement Fund will be returned to Defendants. Neither Defendants nor Defendants  Counsel shall have any
responsibility for, interest in, or liability whatsoever with respect to the investment or distribution of the Net Settlement Fund,
the Plan of Allocation, the determination, administration, or calculation of claims, the payment or withholding of Taxes or Tax
Expenses, or any losses incurred in connection therewith. No Person shall have any claims against Plaintiffs  Counsel, the
Claims Administrator or any other agent designated by Plaintiffs  Counsel based on distribution determinations or claim rejections
made substantially in accordance with this Stipulation and the Settlement contained herein, the Plan of Allocation, or orders of
the Court. Plaintiffs  Counsel shall have the right, but not the obligation, to waive what they deem to be formal or technical
defects in any Proofs of Claim filed, where doing so is in the interest of achieving substantial justice. 

7.5.       It
is understood and agreed by the Settling Parties that any proposed Plan of Allocation of the Net Settlement Fund including, but
not limited to, any adjustments to an Authorized Claimant s claim set forth therein, is not a condition of this Stipulation
and is to be considered by the Court separately from the Court s consideration of the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy
of the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation. Any order or proceedings relating to the Plan of Allocation, or any appeal from
any order relating thereto or reversal or modification thereof, shall not operate to modify, terminate or cancel this Stipulation,
or affect or delay the finality of the Final Judgment, or any other orders entered pursuant to this Stipulation. 

7.6.       If
any funds remain in the Net Settlement Fund by reason of uncashed checks or otherwise, then, after the Claims Administrator has
made reasonable and diligent efforts to have Settlement Class Members who are entitled to participate in the distribution of the
Net Settlement Fund cash their distribution checks, any balance remaining in the Net Settlement Fund six (6) months after the initial
distribution of such funds shall be re-distributed, after payment of any unpaid costs or fees incurred in administering the Net
Settlement Fund for such redistribution, to Settlement Class Members who have cashed their checks and who would receive at least
$10.00 from such re-distribution. If any funds shall remain in the Net Settlement Fund six months after such re-distribution, then
such balance shall be contributed to a non-sectarian charity or any not-for-profit successor of it chosen by Plaintiffs 
Counsel. 

8.  Plaintiffs  Counsel s Attorneys  Fees
And Reimbursement Of Expenses 

8.1.       Plaintiffs 
Counsel may submit an application or applications (the  Fee and Expense Application ) for distributions from the Settlement
Fund to Plaintiffs  Counsel for (i) an award of attorneys  fees; (ii) reimbursement of actual costs and expenses, including
the fees and expenses of experts and/or consultants, incurred in connection with prosecuting the Action; and (iii) any Lead and
named Plaintiff service awards as approved by the Court. 

8.2.       Except
as otherwise provided in this paragraph, any attorneys  fees and expenses awarded by the Court shall be paid to Plaintiffs 
Counsel from the Settlement Fund within two (2) business days of the date the Court enters an order awarding such fees and expenses.
In the event that the Effective Date does not occur, or the Order and Final Judgment is reversed or modified in any way that affects
the award of attorneys  fees and expenses, or the Stipulation is terminated for any other reason, then each Plaintiffs 
Counsel receiving fees or expenses under this provision shall, within ten (10) business days from receiving notice from Defendants 
Counsel or from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, refund to the Settlement Fund, either the full amount of the fees and expenses
previously received by it pursuant to these provisions or an amount consistent with any modification of the Order and Final Judgment
with respect to the fee and expense award. Plaintiffs  Counsel and any other plaintiffs  counsel s law firm that
receives fees and expenses, on behalf of itself and each partner and/or shareholder of it, agrees that the law firm and its partners
and/or shareholders are subject to jurisdiction of the Court for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this paragraph, and
each shall be liable for repayment of all attorneys  fees and expenses awarded by the Court. 

8.3.       The
procedure for, and allowance or disallowance by the Court of, any application by Plaintiffs  Counsel for attorneys 
fees, expenses, including the fees and expenses of experts and/or consultants, and/or case contribution awards for Plaintiffs are
not a condition of the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation and are to be considered by the Court separately from the Court s
consideration of the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation. Any order of or proceedings
relating to the Fee and Expense Application, or any appeal from any order relating thereto or reversal or modification thereof,
shall not operate to modify, terminate or cancel this Stipulation, or affect or delay the finality of the Final Judgment or any
other orders entered pursuant to this Stipulation. 

8.4.       Any
award of attorneys  fees and/or expenses and/or any case contribution award shall be paid solely from the Settlement Fund
and shall reduce the settlement consideration paid to the Settlement Class accordingly. The Released Persons shall have no responsibility
for, and no liability whatsoever with respect to, any payments to Plaintiffs  Counsel or the Plaintiffs and/or any other
Person who receives payment from the Settlement Fund. 

9.  Class Certification 

9.1.       In
the Final Judgment, the Settlement Class shall be certified for purposes of this Settlement, but in the event that the Final Judgment
does not become Final or the Settlement fails to become effective for any reason, all Settling Parties reserve all their rights
on all issues, including whether a class should be certified in the Action. For settlement purposes only, in connection with the
Final Judgment, Defendants shall consent to (i) the appointment of Lead and named Plaintiffs as the class representatives, (ii)
the appointment of Plaintiffs  Counsel as class counsel, and (iii) the certification of the Settlement Class pursuant to
Rules 23(a) and (b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 

10.  Conditions Of Settlement, Effect of Disapproval, Cancellation
Or Termination 

10.1.     Plaintiffs,
on behalf of the Settlement Class, and Defendants shall each have the right to terminate the Settlement and Stipulation by providing
written notice of his or its election to do so ( Termination Notice ) to all other Settling Parties within fourteen
(14) days of: 

(a)          entry
of a Court order declining to enter the Preliminary Approval Order in any material respect; 

(b)          entry
of a Court order refusing to approve this Stipulation in any material respect; 

(c)          entry
of a Court order declining to enter the Final Judgment in any material respect; or 

(d)          entry
of an order by which the Final Judgment is modified or reversed in any material respect by the Court, the Court of Appeals or the
United States Supreme Court. In the absence of any of the events enumerated in the preceding sentence or those identified in   
10.2 and 10.5 below, no Party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement for any reason. 

10.2.     If
the Settlement Amount is not paid into the Escrow Account in accordance with paragraph  2.1 of this Stipulation, then Plaintiffs,
on behalf of the Settlement Class, shall have the right to terminate the Settlement and Stipulation by providing written notice
to Defendants ( Failure to Fund Termination Notice ) at any time prior to the Court s entry of the Final Judgment.
Defendants may not terminate this Settlement and Stipulation if the Settlement Amount is not paid into the Escrow Account in accordance
with  2.1 of this Stipulation. 

10.3.     The
Effective Date of this Stipulation shall not occur unless and until each of the following events occurs and shall be the date upon
which the last in time of the following events occurs: 

(a)          The
Court has entered the Preliminary Approval Order attached hereto as Exhibit A or an order containing materially the same terms; 

(b)          The
sum of $3,537,500 (three million five hundred thirty seven thousand five hundred dollars) has been paid into the Escrow Account,
as set forth in paragraph  2.1; 

(c)          The
Court has approved the Settlement, following notice to the Settlement Class and the Settlement Hearing, and has entered the Final
Judgment; and 

(d)          The
Final Judgment has become Final as defined in  1.13. 

10.4.     Upon
the occurrence of the Effective Date, any and all interest or right of Defendants in or to the Settlement Fund, if any, shall be
absolutely and forever extinguished, except as set forth in this Stipulation. 

10.5.     If
prior to final Court approval of the Settlement, (i) Persons who otherwise would be Settlement Class Members have timely and validly
requested exclusion from the Settlement Class in accordance with the provisions of the Preliminary Approval Order and the notice
given pursuant thereto, and have not withdrawn their request for exclusion ( Opt-Outs ), and such Persons in the aggregate
purchased stock during the Settlement Class Period in an amount greater than the amount specified in a separate Supplemental Agreement
between the Settling Parties (the  Supplemental Agreement ), or (ii) Persons file lawsuits alleging fraud in connection
with the purchase of more than the number of IsoRay shares specified in the Supplemental Agreement, then Defendants shall have,
in their sole and absolute discretion, which must be exercised unanimously, the option to terminate this Stipulation and Settlement
in strict accordance with the requirements and procedures set forth in the Supplemental Agreement (the  Supplemental Termination
Option ). The Supplemental Agreement shall not be filed with the Court unless and until a dispute among the Settling Parties
concerning its interpretation or application arises. 

10.6.     If
some or all of the conditions specified in  10.3 above are not met, or in the event that this Stipulation is not approved
by the Court, or the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation is terminated or fails to become effective in accordance with its
terms, then this Stipulation shall be canceled and terminated, unless all of the Settling Parties agree in writing to proceed with
this Stipulation. None of the Settling Parties, or any of them, shall have any obligation whatsoever to proceed under any terms
other than those provided for and agreed herein. If any Settling Party engages in a material breach of the terms hereof, any other
Settling Party, provided that it is in substantial compliance with the terms of this Stipulation, may terminate this Stipulation
on notice to all the Settling Parties. 

10.7.     In
the event the Stipulation shall terminate, or be canceled, or shall not become effective for any reason, the Settling Parties shall
be restored to their respective positions in the Action immediately prior to September 14, 2016, and they shall proceed in all
respects as if the Stipulation had not been executed and the related orders had not been entered, and in that event all of their
respective claims and defenses as to any issue in the Action shall be preserved without prejudice. 

10.8.     In
the event that the Stipulation is not approved by the Court or the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation is terminated or fails
to become effective in accordance with its terms, the terms and provisions of this Stipulation, except as otherwise provided herein,
shall have no further force and effect with respect to the Settling Parties or Defendants and shall not be used in this Action
or in any other proceeding for any purpose, and any judgment or order entered by the Court in accordance with the terms of this
Stipulation shall be treated as vacated,  nunc pro tunc . 

10.9.     In
the event the Stipulation shall be terminated, or be canceled, or shall not become effective for any reason, within seven (7) business
days (except as otherwise provided in the Supplemental Agreement) after the occurrence of such event, the Settlement Fund, less
taxes and any Administrative Costs which have either been disbursed or are determined to be chargeable, shall be refunded by the
Escrow Agent to Defendants or its designee (pursuant to written instructions from Defendants  Counsel pursuant to this Stipulation).
At the request of Defendants  Counsel at Defendants  expense, Plaintiffs  Counsel or its designee shall apply
for any tax refund owed on the Settlement Fund and pay the proceeds, after deduction of any fees or expenses incurred in connection
with such application(s) for refund, pursuant to written direction from Defendants  Counsel. 

10.10.   No
order of the Court or modification or reversal on appeal of any order of the Court concerning the Plan of Allocation,  6.1
hereof, or the amount of any attorneys  fees, costs, expenses, and interest awarded by the Court to Plaintiffs  Counsel
shall constitute grounds for cancellation or termination of the Stipulation. 

11.  No Admission Of Liability 

11.1.     The
Settling Parties covenant and agree that neither this Stipulation, nor any terms of the Settlement, nor any communication relating
thereto, nor the Supplemental Agreement, is evidence, or an admission or concession by any Settling Party or their counsel, any
Settlement Class Member, or any of the Released Persons, of any fault, liability or wrongdoing whatsoever, as to any facts or claims
alleged or asserted in the Action, or any other actions or proceedings, or as to the validity or merit of any of the claims or
defenses alleged or asserted in any such action or proceeding. This Stipulation is not a finding or evidence of the validity or
invalidity of any claims or defenses in the Action, any wrongdoing by any Settling Party, Settlement Class Member, or any of the
Released Persons, or any damages or injury to any Settling Party, Settlement Class Member, or any Released Persons. Neither this
Stipulation, nor the Supplemental Agreement, nor any of the terms and provisions of this Stipulation or the Supplemental Agreement,
nor any of the negotiations or proceedings in connection therewith, nor any of the documents or statements referred to herein or
therein, nor the Settlement, nor the fact of the Settlement, nor the Settlement proceedings, nor any statement in connection therewith,
(a) shall (i) be argued to be, used or construed as, offered or received in evidence as, or otherwise constitute an admission,
concession, presumption, proof, evidence, or a finding of any, liability, fault, wrongdoing, injury or damages, or of any wrongful
conduct, acts or omissions on the part of any Released Party, or of any infirmity of any defense, or of any damages to the Lead
Plaintiffs or any other Settlement Class Member, or (ii) otherwise be used to create or give rise to any inference or presumption
against any of the Released Persons concerning any fact or any purported liability, fault, or wrongdoing of the Released Persons
or any injury or damages to any person or entity, or (b) shall otherwise be admissible, referred to or used in any proceeding of
any nature, for any purpose whatsoever; provided, however, that the Stipulation or the Supplemental Agreement or the Final Judgment
may be introduced in any proceeding, whether in the Court or otherwise, as may be necessary to argue and establish that the Stipulation
or Supplemental Agreement or Final Judgment has res judicata, collateral estoppel, or other issue or claim preclusion effect or
to otherwise consummate or enforce the Settlement or Supplemental Agreement or Final Judgment, or as otherwise required by law. 

12.  Miscellaneous Provisions 

12.1.     Except
in the event of the filing of a Termination Notice or Failure to Fund Termination Notice or termination notice in accordance with
the parties  Supplemental Agreement, pursuant to   10.1, 10.2 or 10.5 of this Stipulation, the Settling Parties
shall take all actions reasonably necessary to consummate this agreement; and (b) agree to cooperate with each other to the extent
reasonably necessary to effectuate and implement all terms and conditions of the Stipulation. 

12.2.     The
Settling Parties and their counsel represent that they will not encourage or otherwise influence any Settlement Class Members to
request exclusion from, or object to, the Settlement. 

12.3.    Each
of the attorneys executing this Stipulation, any of its exhibits, or any related settlement documents on behalf of any Settling
Party hereto hereby warrants and represents that he or she has been duly empowered and authorized to do so by the Settling Party
he or she represents. 

12.4.    Plaintiffs
and Plaintiffs  Counsel represent and warrant that the Plaintiffs are Settlement Class Members and none of the Plaintiffs 
claims or causes of action against one or more Defendants in the Action, or referred to in this Stipulation, or that could have
been alleged against one or more Defendants in the Action, have been assigned, encumbered or in any manner transferred in whole
or in part. 

12.5.    This
Stipulation, together with the Supplemental Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the Settling Parties and supersedes
any prior agreements. No representations, warranties or inducements have been made to or relied upon by any Settling Party concerning
this Stipulation, other than the representations, warranties and covenants expressly set forth herein and in the Supplemental Agreement.
Except as otherwise provided herein, each Settling Party shall bear its own costs. 

12.6.     This
Stipulation may not be modified or amended, nor may any of its provisions be waived, except by a writing signed by all Settling
Parties or their counsel or their respective successors in interest. 

12.7.     This
Stipulation shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Settling Parties and their respective agents, successors,
executors, heirs, and assigns. 

12.8.     The
Released Persons who do not appear on the signature lines below, including but not limited to the Individual Defendant, are acknowledged
and agreed to be third party beneficiaries of this Stipulation and Settlement and have the same rights to enforce this Stipulation
and Settlement as the signatories hereto. 

12.9.     The
headings herein are used for the purpose of convenience only and are not meant to have legal effect. 

12.10.   This
Stipulation may be executed in any number of counterparts by any of the signatories hereto and the transmission of an original
signature page electronically (including by facsimile or portable document format) shall constitute valid execution of the Stipulation
as if all signatories hereto had executed the same document. Copies of this Stipulation executed in counterpart shall constitute
one agreement. 

12.11.   This
Stipulation, the Settlement, and any and all disputes arising out of or relating in any way to this Stipulation, whether in contract,
tort or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington without regard to
conflict of laws principles. 

12.12.   The
Court shall retain jurisdiction with respect to the implementation and enforcement of the terms of this Stipulation, and all parties
hereto submit to the jurisdiction of the Court for purposes of implementing and enforcing the Settlement embodied in this Stipulation. 

12.13.   The
Stipulation shall not be construed more strictly against one Party than another merely by virtue of the fact that it, or any part
of it, may have been prepared by counsel for one of the Settling Parties, it being recognized that it is the result of arm s-length
negotiations between the Settling Parties, and all Settling Parties have contributed substantially and materially to the preparation
of this Stipulation. 

12.14.   All
agreements by, between or among the Settling Parties, their counsel and their other advisors as to the confidentiality of information
exchanged between or among them shall remain in full force and effect, and shall survive the execution and any termination of
this Stipulation and the final consummation of the Settlement, if finally consummated, without regard to any of the conditions
of the Settlement. 

12.15.   The
Settling Parties shall not assert or pursue any action, claim or rights that any party violated any provision of Rule 11 of the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in connection with the Action, the Settlement, the Stipulation or the Supplemental Agreement.
The Settling Parties agree that the Action was resolved in good faith following arm s-length bargaining. 

12.16.   Any failure
by any of the Settling Parties to insist upon the strict performance by any other Settling Party of any of the provisions of the
Stipulation shall not be deemed a waiver of any of the provisions hereof, and such Settling Party, notwithstanding such failure,
shall have the right thereafter to insist upon the strict performance of any and all of the provisions of this Stipulation to
be performed by the other Settling Parties to this Stipulation. 

12.17.  The waiver,
express or implied, by any Settling Party of any breach or default by any other Settling Party in the performance by such Settling
Party of its obligations under the Stipulation shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any other breach, whether prior,
subsequent, or contemporaneous, under this Stipulation. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Settling Parties have executed this Stipulation by their undersigned counsel effective as of the date set forth below. 

Exhibit A 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

 EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON 

 AT RICHLAND 

In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation  

Master File No. 4:15-cv-5046-LRS 
           
         [PROPOSED] ORDER PRELIMINARY APPROVING SETTLEMENT AND PROVIDING
        FOR NOTICE PROCEDURES 
           
         Hon. Lonny R. Suko 

WHEREAS (i) Lead Plaintiffs
Bodgan Ostrowski, Joseph Kavanaugh and Patrick McNamara and named plaintiffs Timothy Yuen and JM Zulueta ( Plaintiffs ),
on behalf of themselves and the putative Settlement Class, and (ii) Defendants IsoRay, Inc. ( IsoRay ), and Dwight
Babcock (collectively,  Defendants ) have jointly entered, by and through their respective counsel, into a Settlement
of the claims asserted in the Litigation, the terms of which are set forth in a Stipulation of Settlement, dated September 23,
2016 (the  Stipulation ). 

WHEREAS, the Stipulation,
which is subject to review under Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and which, together with the exhibits thereto,
sets forth the terms and conditions for the proposed Settlement of the claims alleged in the Amended Complaint for Violations of
the Federal Securities Laws (the  Complaint ) filed in the Litigation; and the Court having read and considered the
Stipulation, the proposed  Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action  ( Notice ), the
proposed  Summary Notice of Pendency and Proposed Class Action Settlement  ( Summary Notice ), the proposed
Plan of Allocation of the Net Settlement Fund among Settlement Class Members ( Plan of Allocation ), the proposed form
of the Proof of Claim and Release ( Proof of Claim ), the proposed form of Order and Final Judgment, and submissions
made relating thereto, and finding that substantial and sufficient grounds exist for entering this Order; 

NOW, THEREFORE, IT
IS HEREBY ORDERED, this ___ day of _____, 2016, that: 

1.        Capitalized
terms used herein have the meanings defined in the Stipulation. Pursuant to Rule 23(a) and (b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure, and for the purposes of the Settlement only, claims in the Litigation against Defendants are hereby preliminarily certified
as a class action on behalf of all Persons (including, without limitation, their beneficiaries) who purchased the publicly traded
common stock of IsoRay between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015, inclusive, ( Class Period ) and were damaged thereby.
Excluded from the Settlement Class are (i) Persons who suffered no compensable losses, (ii) Opt-Outs ( i.e. , those Persons
who file a valid and timely request for exclusion in accordance with this Order); and (iii) Defendants and any entity in which
the Defendants have a controlling interest, and the officers, directors, affiliates, legal representatives, immediate family members,
heirs, successors, subsidiaries and/or assigns of any such individual or entity in their capacity as such. 

2.        This
Court finds, preliminarily and for purposes of Settlement only, that the prerequisites for a class action under Rules 23(a) and
(b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure have been satisfied in that: (a) the number of Settlement Class Members is so numerous
that joinder of all members of the Settlement Class is impracticable; (b) there are questions of law and fact common to the Settlement
Class; (c) the claims of the Plaintiffs are typical of the claims of the Settlement Class they seek to represent; (d) the Plaintiffs
will fairly and adequately represent the interests of the Settlement Class; (e) the questions of law and fact common to the Settlement
Class predominate over any questions affecting only individual members of the Settlement Class; and (f) a class action is superior
to other available methods for the fair and efficient adjudication of the controversy. 

3.        Pursuant
to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, preliminarily and for the purposes of settlement only, Lead and named Plaintiffs
are certified as the class representatives on behalf of the Settlement Class and the Co-Lead Counsel previously selected by Lead
Plaintiffs and appointed by the Court, is hereby appointed as Co-Lead Counsel for the Settlement Class. 

4.        A
hearing (the  Final Settlement Hearing ) pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(e) is hereby scheduled to be
held before the Court on _____, ___________ 2016 at __:_)0 _.m. for the following purposes: 

(a)        to
finally determine whether the Litigation satisfies the applicable prerequisites for class action treatment under Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure 23(a) and (b); 

(b)        to
finally determine whether the Settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate, and should be approved by the Court; 

(c)        to
finally determine whether the Order and Final Judgment as provided under the Stipulation should be entered, dismissing the Complaint
on the merits and with prejudice, and to determine whether the release by the Settlement Class of the Released Persons of the Released
Claims as set forth in the Stipulation, should be ordered, along with a permanent injunction barring efforts to bring any claims
extinguished by the release; 

(d)        to
finally determine whether the proposed Plan of Allocation for the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund is fair and reasonable
and should be approved by the Court; 

(e)        to
consider the application of Plaintiffs  Counsel for an award of attorneys  fees and expenses and an award to Plaintiffs; 

(f)        to
consider any Settlement Class Members  objections to the Settlement, whether submitted previously in writing or presented
orally at the Final Settlement Hearing by Settlement Class Members (or by counsel on their behalf); and 

(g)     to rule
upon such other matters as the Court may deem appropriate. 

5.        The
Court reserves the right to adjourn the Final Settlement Hearing to a later date and to approve the Settlement with or without
modification and with or without further notice of any kind. The Court further reserves the right to enter its Order and Final
Judgment approving the Settlement and dismissing the Complaint, on the merits and with prejudice, regardless of whether it has
approved the Plan of Allocation or awarded attorneys  fees and expenses or award to the Plaintiffs. 

6.        The
Court reserves the right to approve the Settlement with such modifications as may be agreed upon or consented to by the Settling
Parties and without further notice to the Settlement Class where to do so would not impair Settlement Class Members  rights
in a manner inconsistent with Rule 23 and due process of law. 

7.        The
Court approves the form, substance and requirements of (a) the Notice; (b) the Summary Notice; and (c) the Proof of Claim, all
of which are exhibits to the Stipulation. 

8.        Plaintiffs 
Counsel has the authority to enter into the Stipulation on behalf of the Settlement Class and is authorized to act on behalf of
the Settlement Class Members with respect to all acts or consents required by or that may be given pursuant to the Stipulation
or such other acts that are reasonably necessary to consummate the Settlement. 

9.        Strategic
Claims Services is approved as the Claims Administrator for the Settlement. 

10.      Plaintiffs 
Counsel, through the Claims Administrator, shall cause the Notice and the Proof of Claim, substantially in the forms annexed hereto,
to be mailed, by first class mail, postage prepaid, within twenty-eight (28) calendar days of the entry of this Order, to all Class
Members who can be identified with reasonable effort by the Claims Administrator. 

11.       Plaintiffs 
Counsel are authorized to disburse up to $100,000 (one hundred thousand dollars) for Administrative Costs (as defined in the Stipulation),
to be used for reasonable out-of-pocket costs in connection with providing notice of the Settlement to the Settlement Class and
for other reasonable out-of-pocket administrative expenses. After the Effective Date, additional amounts may be disbursed for Administrative
Costs, if any. 

12.       Defendants
and any and all issuers, securities firms, or transfer agents holding transfer records which indicate the legal owners of IsoRay
common stock currently or during the Class Period are hereby ordered to produce such transfer records in a usable electronic format
to Plaintiffs  Counsel or the Claims Administrator within fourteen (14) calendar days of receipt of a copy of this Order. 

13.       Plaintiffs 
Counsel, through the Claims Administrator, shall also make all reasonable efforts to give notice to nominee owners such as brokerage
firms and other persons or entities who purchased IsoRay common stock during the Class Period. Such nominee purchasers are directed
to forward copies of the Notice and Proof of Claim to their beneficial owners or to provide the Claims Administrator with lists
of the names and addresses of the beneficial owners and the Claims Administrator is ordered to send the Notice and Proof of Claim
promptly to such beneficial owners. Additional copies of the Notice shall be made available to any record holder requesting same
for the purpose of distribution to beneficial owners, and such record holders shall be reimbursed from the Settlement Fund, upon
receipt by the Claims Administrator of such request and proper documentation, for the reasonable expense of sending the Notice
and Proof of Claim to beneficial owners. 

14.        Plaintiffs 
Counsel shall, at or before the Final Settlement Hearing, serve upon Defendants  Counsel, and file with the Court, proof
of mailing of the Notice and Proof of Claim, both to Settlement Class Members and to nominees. 

15.        Plaintiffs 
Counsel, through the Claims Administrator, shall cause the Summary Notice to be published electronically once on  GlobeNewswire 
and in print once in the  Investor s Business Daily  within ten (10) calendar days after the entry of this Order. Plaintiffs 
Counsel shall, at or before the Final Settlement Hearing, file with the Court proof of publication of the Summary Notice. 

16.        The
forms and methods set forth herein of notifying the Settlement Class of the Settlement and its terms and conditions meet the requirements
of due process and Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Section 21D(a)(7) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C.   78u-4(a)(7),
as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; constitute the best notice practicable under the circumstances;
and constitute due and sufficient notice to all persons and entities entitled thereto. No Settlement Class Member will be relieved
from the terms of the Settlement, including the releases provided for therein, based upon the contention or proof that such Settlement
Class Member failed to receive actual or adequate notice. 

17.        In
order to be entitled to participate in recovery from the Net Settlement Fund after the Effective Date, each Settlement Class Member
shall take the following action and be subject to the following conditions: 

(a)        A
properly completed and executed Proof of Claim must be submitted to the Claims Administrator, at the Post Office Box indicated
in the Notice, postmarked no later than seventy-five (75) calendar days from the date of this order. Such deadline may be further
extended by Order of the Court. Each Proof of Claim shall be deemed to have been submitted when legibly postmarked (if properly
addressed and mailed by first-class mail) provided such Proof of Claim is actually received before the filing of a motion for an
Order of the Court approving distribution of the Net Settlement Fund. Any Proof of Claim submitted in any other manner shall be
deemed to have been submitted when it was actually received by the Administrator at the address designated in the Notice. 

(b)        The
Proof of Claim submitted by each Settlement Class Member must satisfy the following conditions: (i) it must be properly filled
out, signed and submitted in a timely manner in accordance with the provisions of the preceding subparagraph; (ii) it must be accompanied
by adequate supporting documentation for the transactions reported therein, in the form of broker confirmation slips, broker account
statements, an authorized statement from the broker containing the transactional information found in a broker confirmation slip,
or such other documentation as is deemed adequate by the Claims Administrator or Plaintiffs  Counsel; (iii) if the Person
executing the Proof of Claim is acting in a representative capacity, a certification of his current authority to act on behalf
of the Settlement Class Member must be provided with the Proof of Claim; and (iv) the Proof of Claim must be complete and contain
no material deletions or modifications of any of the printed matter contained therein and must be signed under penalty of perjury. 

(c)        Once
the Claims Administrator has considered a timely-submitted Proof of Claim, it shall determine whether such claim is valid, deficient
or rejected. For each claim determined to be either deficient or rejected, the Claims Administrator shall send a deficiency letter
or rejection letter as appropriate, describing the basis on which the claim was so determined. Persons who timely submit a Proof
of Claim that is deficient or otherwise rejected shall be afforded a reasonable time (at least seven (7) calendar days) to cure
such deficiency if it shall appear that such deficiency may be cured. 

(d)        For
the filing of and all determinations concerning their Proof of Claim, each Settlement Class Member shall submit to the jurisdiction
of the Court. 

18.        All
Settlement Class Members who do not submit valid and timely Proofs of Claim will be forever barred from receiving any payments
from the Net Settlement Fund, but will in all other respects be subject to and bound by the provisions of the Stipulation and the
Order and Final Judgment, if entered. 

19.        Settlement
Class Members shall be bound by all determinations and judgments in the Litigation, whether favorable or unfavorable, unless such
Persons request exclusion from the Settlement Class in a timely and proper manner, as hereinafter provided. A Settlement Class
Member wishing to make such request shall mail it, in written form, by first class mail, postage prepaid, or otherwise deliver
it, so that it is postmarked no later than thirty (30) calendar days prior to the Final Settlement Hearing or ____________ 20__,
to the addresses listed in the Notice. Such request for exclusion shall clearly indicate the name and address and phone number
and e-mail contact information (if any) of the Person seeking exclusion, state that the sender specifically requests to be excluded
from the Settlement Class, and must be signed by such person. Such Persons requesting exclusion are also required to specify all
their purchases and sales of IsoRay common stock during the Class Period, including the date, number of shares and price of the
shares purchased or sold and include account documentation substantiating such purchases and sales. The request for exclusion shall
not be effective unless it provides the required information, is legible, and is made within the time stated above, or the exclusion
is otherwise accepted by the Court. Plaintiffs  Counsel may contact any person or entity filing a request for exclusion,
or their attorney if one is designated, to discuss the exclusion. 

20.        Settlement
Class Members requesting exclusion from the Settlement Class shall not be entitled to receive any payment out of the Net Settlement
Fund. 

21.        The
Court will consider objections to the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation, or the application for attorneys  fees and expenses
and any payment to Lead Plaintiff, only if such objections and any supporting papers are served to be received at least twenty
(20) calendar days prior to the Final Settlement Hearing, upon each of the following: 

PLAINTIFFS  COUNSEL: 

Phillip Kim 

 THE ROSEN LAW FIRM, P.A. 

 275 Madison Avenue 34th Floor 

 New York, NY 10016 

-or- 

Matthew M. Guiney 

 WOLF HALDENSTEIN ADLER FREEMAN   HERZ LLP 

 270 Madison Avenue 

 New York, NY 10016 

DEFENDANTS  COUNSEL: 

Gregory L. Watts 

 WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH   ROSATI, P.C. 

 701 Fifth Avenue, Suite 5100 

 Seattle, WA 98104-7036 

and the objector has (by that same date)
filed said objections, papers and briefs, showing due proof of service upon counsel identified above, with the Clerk of the Court,
U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Washington, P.O. Box 2706, Yakima, WA 98907. Attendance at the Final Settlement Hearing
is not necessary but persons wishing to be heard orally in support of or opposition to the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation,
and/or the application for attorneys  fees and expenses or award to Lead Plaintiffs are required to indicate in their written
objection or in a separate writing that is submitted in accordance with the deadline (and if to contest the Settlement, after instruction
pertinent to the submission of a written objection), that they intend to appear at the Final Settlement Hearing and identify any
witnesses they may call to testify or exhibits they intend to introduce into evidence at the Final Settlement Hearing. Settlement
Class Members do not need to appear at the Final Settlement Hearing or take any other action to indicate their approval. 

22.        Any
Settlement Class Member who does not object in the manner prescribed above shall be deemed to have waived all such objections and
shall forever be foreclosed from making any objection to the fairness, adequacy or reasonableness of the Settlement, the Order
and Final Judgment to be entered approving the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation, or the application for an award of attorneys 
fees and expenses and award to Plaintiffs. 

23.        The
Court reserves the right to adjourn the Final Settlement Hearing or any adjournment thereof without any further notice other than
entry of an Order on the Court s docket, and to approve the Settlement without further notice to the Settlement Class. 

24.        All
papers in support of the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation and any application for attorneys  fees or expenses or award
to Lead Plaintiffs shall be filed and served thirty-five (35) calendar days before the Final Settlement Hearing. 

25.        Any
submissions filed in response to any objections or in further support of the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation and any application
for attorneys  fees or expenses or a payment to Lead Plaintiffs shall be filed no later than fourteen (14) calendar days
prior to the Final Settlement Hearing. 

26.        Pending
final determination of whether the Settlement should be approved, all Settlement Class Members, and each of them, and anyone acting
or purporting to act for any of them, shall be enjoined from prosecuting, attempting to prosecute, or assisting others in the prosecution
of, any Released Claims. In addition, the Litigation is stayed. 

27.        In
the event the Settlement is not consummated pursuant to its terms, the Stipulation, except as otherwise provided therein, including
any amendment(s) thereto, and this Order, shall be null and void, of no further force or effect, and without prejudice to any Settling
Party, and may not be introduced as evidence or referred to in any action or proceedings by any person or entity, and each party
shall be restored to his, her or its respective position as it existed before September 14, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the
Stipulation. 

28.        The
Court retains exclusive jurisdiction over the action to consider all further matters arising out of, or relating to, the Settlement,
including by way of illustration and not limitation, any dispute concerning any Proof of Claim filed by any Settlement Class Member
and any future requests by one or more of the Parties that the Order and Final Judgment, the release and/or the permanent injunction
set forth in the Stipulation be enforced. 

IT IS SO ORDERED . 

Dated: ______________, 2016 

HON. LONNY R. SUKO  

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE  

Exhibit A-1 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

 EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON 

 AT RICHLAND 

NOTICE OF PENDENCY AND  

  PROPOSED SETTLEMENT OF CLASS ACTION  

If you purchased the common stock ( Stock )
of IsoRay Inc. ( IsoRay  or the  Company ) between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015, inclusive ( Class
Period ), you could get a payment from a class action settlement (the  Settlement ). 

A federal court
has authorized this notice. This is not a solicitation from a lawyer.  

If approved by the Court, the Settlement will provide $3,537,500 plus interest (the  Settlement
Amount ), to pay claims of investors who purchased IsoRay Stock during the period between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015,
inclusive, and were damaged thereby.   

The Settlement represents an average recovery of $0.065 per share of IsoRay Stock for the 54.7
million shares outstanding during the Class Period. A share may have been traded more than once during the Class Period. This estimate
solely reflects the average recovery per outstanding share of IsoRay Stock. The indicated average recovery per share will be the
total average recovery for all purchasers of that share. This is not an estimate of the actual recovery per share you should expect.
Your actual recovery will depend on the aggregate losses of all Class Members, the date(s) you purchased and sold IsoRay Stock,
and the total number and amount of claims filed.   

Attorneys for Lead Plaintiffs ( Plaintiffs  Counsel ) intend to ask the Court
to award them fees of up to $1,061,250 or thirty percent (30%) of the Settlement Amount, reimbursement of litigation expenses of
no more than $50,000, and an award to the Lead Plaintiffs for reimbursement of reasonable costs and expenses (including lost wages)
directly relating to their representation of the Class, collectively not to exceed $15,000. If approved by the Court, these amounts
will be paid from the Settlement Fund.   

If the above amounts are requested and approved by the Court, the average cost per share of common
stock will be approximately $0.02 per share, making the estimated recovery per share after fees and expenses approximately $0.045.
This estimate is based on the assumptions set forth in the preceding paragraph. Your actual recovery, if any, will vary depending
on your purchase price and sales price, and the number and amount of claims filed.   

The Settlement resolves the lawsuit concerning whether IsoRay and its Chief Executive Officer made
false and misleading statements, in violation of federal securities laws, based upon the allegations set forth in the Amended Complaint
( Complaint ), including that IsoRay allegedly misrepresented the findings of a study on the use of IsoRay s
product in treating lung cancer.   

Your legal rights will be affected whether you act or do not act. If you do not act, you may permanently
forfeit your right to recover on this claim. Therefore, you should read this notice carefully.   

YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OPTIONS IN THIS
SETTLEMENT  

SUBMIT A CLAIM FORM   
          NO LATER THAN   
          _____________ ___, 2016   
     The only way to get a payment.  

EXCLUDE YOURSELF NO   
          LATER THAN   
          _____________ ___, 2016   
     Get no payment.  This is the only option that allows you to be part of any other lawsuit against the Defendants about the legal claims in this case.  

OBJECT NO LATER THAN  
          _____________ ___, 2016   
     Write to the Court about why you do not like the settlement.  

GO TO A HEARING ON  
          _____________ ___, 2016   
     You may ask to speak in Court about the fairness of the Settlement.  
 
      DO NOTHING  
     Get no payment.  Give up rights.  

INQUIRIES  

Please do not contact the Court regarding
this notice.  All inquiries concerning this Notice, the Proof of Claim form, or any other questions by Class Members should
be directed to: 

COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS CONCERNING
THE SETTLEMENT  

1.    Why did I get this Notice?  

You or someone in your family
may have acquired IsoRay Stock during the Class Period. 

2.    What is this lawsuit about?  

The case is known as  In re
IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation , Case No. 15-cv-5046-LRS-(the  Action ), and the court in charge of the case
is the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington (the  Court ). 

The Action involves whether Defendants
violated the federal securities laws because the Company allegedly made false and misleading statements to the investing public
as set out in the Complaint, including that Defendants allegedly misrepresented the findings of a study on the use of IsoRay s
product in treating lung cancer. Defendants deny they did anything wrong. The Settlement resolves all of the claims in the Class
Action against Defendants. 

3.    Why is this a class action?  

In a class action, one or more
persons and/or entities, called Lead Plaintiffs, sue on behalf of all persons and/or entities who have similar claims. All of these
persons and/or entities are referred to collectively as a Class, and these individual persons and/or entities are known as Class
Members. One court resolves all of the issues for all Class Members, except for those Class Members who validly exclude themselves
from the Class. 

4.    Why is there a Settlement?  

Lead Plaintiffs and Defendants
do not agree regarding the merits of Lead Plaintiffs  allegations with respect to liability or the average amount of damages
per share that would be recoverable if Lead Plaintiffs were to prevail at trial on each claim. The issues on which the Lead Plaintiffs
and Defendants disagree include: (1) whether Defendants made materially false and misleading statements; (2) whether Defendants
made these statements with the intent to defraud the investing public; (3) whether the statements were the cause of the Class Members 
alleged damages; and (4) the amount of damages, if any, suffered by the Class Members. 

This matter has not gone to trial
and the Court has not decided in favor of either Lead Plaintiffs or Defendants. Instead, Lead Plaintiffs and Defendants have agreed
to settle the Action. The Lead Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs  Counsel believe the settlement is best for all Class Members because
of the risks associated with continued litigation and the nature of the defenses raised by Defendants. Even if Lead Plaintiffs
win at trial, and also withstand Defendants  inevitable challenge on appeal, Lead Plaintiffs might not be able to collect
some, or all, of the judgment. 

5.    How do I know if I am part of the Class settlement?  

To be a Class Member, you must
have purchased IsoRay Stock during the period between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015, inclusive. 

6.    Are there exceptions to being included?  

Yes. Excluded from the Settlement
Class are (i) persons who suffered no compensable losses; (ii) persons who validly exclude themselves from the Class, as described
below; (iii) Defendants and any entity in which Defendants have a controlling interest, and the officers, directors, affiliates,
legal representatives, immediate family members, heirs, successors, subsidiaries and/or assigns of any such individual or entity
in their capacity as such. 

7.    What does the Settlement provide?  

(a)    What is the Settlement Fund?  

The proposed Settlement calls
for the creation of a Settlement Fund (the  Settlement Fund ) in the amount of $3,537,500. The Settlement is subject
to Court approval. Also, subject to the Court s approval, a portion of the Settlement Fund will be used to pay Plaintiffs 
Counsel s attorneys  fees and reasonable litigation expenses and any award to Lead Plaintiffs for reimbursement of
reasonable costs and expenses (including lost wages) directly relating to their representation of the Class. A portion of the Settlement
Fund also will be used to pay taxes due on interest earned by the Settlement Fund, if necessary, and any notice and claims administration
expenses permitted by the Court. After the foregoing deductions from the Settlement Fund have been made, the amount remaining (the
 Net Settlement Fund ) will be distributed to Class Members who submit valid claims. 

(b)    What can I expect to receive under the proposed Settlement?  

Your share of the Net Settlement
Fund will or may depend on: (i) the number of claims filed; (ii) the dates you purchased and sold IsoRay Stock; (iii) the prices
of your purchases and sales; (iv) the amount of administrative costs, including the costs of notice; and (v) the amount awarded
by the Court to Lead Plaintiffs and their counsel for attorneys  fees, costs, and expenses. 

The Claims Administrator will
determine each Class Member s pro rata share of the Net Settlement Fund based upon each Class Member s valid  Recognized
Claim.  The Recognized Claim formula is not intended to be an estimate of the amount that a Class Member might have been
able to recover after a trial; it also is not an estimate of the amount that will be paid to Class Members pursuant to the Settlement.
The Recognized Claim formula is the basis upon which the Net Settlement Fund will be proportionately allocated to the Class Members
with valid claims. 

The Net Settlement Fund will
be distributed to Class Members who submit valid, timely claim forms ( Authorized Claimants ) under the below Plan
of Allocation, which reflects Lead Plaintiffs  contention that because of the alleged misrepresentations and omissions made
by Defendants, the price of IsoRay Stock was artificially inflated during the Class Period and that disclosure of the true facts
caused changes in the inflated stock price. 

The Recognized Claim of each
Authorized Claimant shall be calculated according to the following formula: 

PROPOSED PLAN OF ALLOCATION  

The Plan of Allocation
is a matter separate and apart from the proposed Settlement, and any decision by the Court concerning the Plan of Allocation shall
not affect the validity or finality of the proposed Settlement. The Court may approve the Plan of Allocation with or without modifications
agreed to among the Parties, or another plan of allocation, without further notice to Class Members. Any orders regarding a modification
of the Plan of Allocation will be posted to the Claims Administrator s website,  www.strategicclaims.net . 

The Claims Administrator
shall determine each Authorized Claimant s  pro rata  share of the Net Settlement Fund based upon each Authorized Claimant s
Recognized Claim.   Please Note :  The Recognized Claim formula, set forth below, is not intended to be an estimate of
the amount of what a Settlement Class Member might have been able to recover after a trial, nor is it an estimate of the amount
that will be paid to Authorized Claimants pursuant to the Settlement. The Recognized Claim formula is the basis upon which the
Net Settlement Fund will be proportionately allocated to the Authorized Claimants. To the extent there are sufficient funds in
the Net Settlement Fund, each Authorized Claimant will receive an amount equal to the Authorized Claimant s Recognized Claim.
If, however, the amount in the Net Settlement Fund is not sufficient to permit payment of the total Recognized Claim of each Authorized
Claimant, then each Authorized Claimant shall be paid the percentage of the Net Settlement Fund that each Authorized Claimant s
Recognized Claim bears to the total Recognized Claims of all Authorized Claimants ( i.e.,  pro rata share ) .
Payment in this manner shall be deemed conclusive against all Authorized Claimants. No distribution will be made on a claim where
the potential distribution amount is less than ten dollars ($10.00) in cash. 

If any funds remain
in the Net Settlement Fund by reason of uncashed checks, or otherwise, after the Claims Administrator has made reasonable and diligent
efforts to have Authorized Claimants who are entitled to participate in the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund cash their
distribution checks, then any balance remaining in the Net Settlement Fund six (6) months after the initial distribution of such
funds shall be used: (i) first, to pay any amounts mistakenly omitted from the initial distribution to Authorized Claimants or
to pay any late, but otherwise valid and fully documented claims received after the cut-off date used to make the initial distribution,
provided that such distributions to any late post-distribution claimants meet all of the other criteria for inclusion in the initial
distribution, including the $10.00 minimum check amount set forth in the Notice; (ii) second, to pay any additional Administrative
Costs incurred in administering the Settlement; and (iii) finally, to make a second distribution to Authorized Claimants who cashed
their checks from the initial distribution and who would receive at least $10.00 from such second distribution, after payment of
the estimated costs or fees to be incurred in administering the Net Settlement Fund and in making this second distribution, if
such second distribution is economically feasible. If six (6) months after such second distribution, if undertaken, or if such
second distribution is not undertaken, any funds shall remain in the Net Settlement Fund after the Claims Administrator has made
reasonable and diligent efforts to have Authorized Claimants who are entitled to participate in this Settlement cash their checks,
any funds remaining in the Net Settlement Fund shall be donated to a non-profit charitable organization(s) selected by Lead Counsel. 

THE BASIS FOR CALCULATING YOUR RECOGNIZED
CLAIM :  

Each Authorized Claimant shall be allocated
a pro rata share of the Net Settlement Fund based on his, her or its Recognized Claim as compared to the total Recognized Claims
of all Authorized Claimants. 

Recognized Claim Calculation of Common
Stock Purchased During the Class Period:   

a.  For shares retained at the end of trading on August 19, 2015, the Recognized Claim shall be the lesser of:   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and
$1.52 per share.1 

c.  For shares sold on May 21, 2015, the Recognized Claim shall be the lesser of:   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and sale price per share.   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and the average closing stock price as of date of sale provided in Table
A below.   

a.  For shares retained at the end of trading on August 19, 2015, the Recognized Claim shall be the lesser of:   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and $1.52 per share.  1     

b.  For shares sold on May 21, 2015 the Recognized Claim shall be the lessor of:   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and sale price per share.   

(2)  the difference between the purchase price per share and the average closing stock price as of date of sale provided in Table
A below.   

For purposes of calculating
your Recognized Claim, the date of purchase, acquisition or sale is the  contract  or  trade  date and
not the  settlement  or  payment  date. The receipt or grant by gift, inheritance or operation of law of
IsoRay Stock shall not be deemed a purchase, acquisition or sale of IsoRay Stock for the calculation of an Authorized Claimant s
Recognized Claim. 

For purposes of calculating
your Recognized Claim, all purchases, acquisitions and sales shall be matched on a First In First Out ( FIFO ) basis
in chronological order. Therefore, on the Proof of Claim enclosed with this Notice, you must provide all of your purchases, acquisitions
and sales of IsoRay Stock during the time period from May 20, 2015 and August 19, 2015. 

Payment pursuant to
the Plan of Allocation approved by the Court shall be conclusive against all Authorized Claimants. No person shall have any claim
against Defendants, Defendants  counsel, Plaintiff, Plaintiff s Counsel or the Claims Administrator or other agent
designated by Plaintiff s Counsel based on the distributions made substantially in accordance with the Stipulation and the
Settlement contained therein, the Plan of Allocation, or further orders of the Court. Each claimant shall be deemed to have submitted
to the jurisdiction of the Court with respect to the claimant s Proof of Claim Form. All persons involved in the review,
verification, calculation, tabulation, or any other aspect of the processing of the claims submitted in connection with the Settlement,
or otherwise involved in the administration or taxation of the Settlement Fund or the Net Settlement Fund shall be released and
discharged from any and all claims arising out of such involvement, and all Class Members, whether or not they are to receive payment
from the Net Settlement Fund, will be barred from making any further claim against the Net Settlement Fund beyond the amount allocated
to them as provided in any distribution orders entered by the Court. 

1  
 Pursuant to Section 21(D)(e)(1) of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,  in
any private action arising under this title in which the plaintiff seeks to establish damages by reference to the market price
of a security, the award of damages to the plaintiff shall not exceed the difference between the purchase or sale price paid or
received, as appropriate, by the plaintiff for the subject security and the mean trading price of that security during the 90-day
period beginning on the date on which the information correcting the misstatement or omission that is the basis for the action
is disseminated.  $1.52 per share was the mean (average) daily closing trading price of IsoRay s common stock during
the 90-day period beginning on May 22, 2015 and ending on August 19, 2015.  

Are there any further
limitations on the amount I may receive?  

(i)  Transactions during the Class Period resulting in a gain shall be netted against the Class Member s
transactions resulting in a loss to arrive at the Recognized Claim.   

(ii)  Any Class members whose collective transactions in IsoRay Stock during the Class Period resulted
in a net gain shall not be entitled to share in the Net Settlement Fund.   

(iii)  The purchase and sale prices exclude any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes or other fees. The
covering purchase of a short sale is not an eligible purchase. Gifts and transfers are not eligible purchases.   

Table A 

(c)  

8.    How can I get a payment?  

To qualify for a payment, you
must send in a form entitled  Proof of Claim and Release.  This form is attached to this Notice. You may also obtain
this form on the Internet at  www.strategicclaims.net . Read the instructions carefully, fill out the form, sign it in the
location indicated, and mail the form together with all documentation requested in the form, postmarked no later than _________
____, 2016, to: 

IsoRay Inc. Litigation 

 c/o Strategic Claims Services 

 P.O. Box 230 

 600 N. Jackson St., Ste. 3 

 Media, PA 19063 

 Tel.: 866-274-4004 

 Fax: 610-565-7985 

 info@strategicclaims.net 

The Claims Administrator will
process your claim and determine whether you are an  Authorized Claimant.  

9.    What am I giving up to get a payment or stay in the
Class?  

Unless you validly exclude yourself,
you will remain in the Class. That means that if the Settlement is approved, you and all Class Members will release (agreeing never
to sue, continue to sue, or be part of any other lawsuit) the Released Claims (as defined below) against the  Released Persons 
defined as (i) Defendants and their Related Persons, i.e. each of a Defendant s past, present or future parents, subsidiaries
and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, principals, agents, underwriters, insurers,
co-insurers, reinsurers, controlling shareholders, attorneys, accountants or auditors, financial or investment advisors or consultants,
banks or investment bankers, personal or legal representatives, predecessors, successors, assigns, spouses, marital communities,
heirs, related or affiliated entities, any entity in which a Defendant has a controlling interest, any member of an individual
defendant s immediate family, or any trust of which any individual defendant is the settler or which is for the benefit of
any Defendant and/or member(s) of his family. 

Released Claims 
or  Release of Claims  means any and all Claims, including Unknown Claims, that have been, could have been, or in the
future can or might be asserted in any federal, state or foreign court, tribunal, forum or proceeding by on or behalf of any of
the Releasing Parties against any one or more of the Released Persons, whether any such Released Persons were named, served with
process, or appeared in the Action, which directly or indirectly arise out of or relate to (i) the subject matter of the Action
or any of the claims asserted in the Action, (ii) the facts, events, transactions, acts, occurrences, statements, representations,
misrepresentations, or omissions which were or could have been asserted in this Action, including but not limited to any Claim
for fraud, deceit, negligence, or violations of federal securities laws and the rules promulgated thereunder, (iii) the purchase
or sale of IsoRay common stock by any of the Releasing Parties during the Class Period, and/or (iv) any claims in connection with,
based upon, arising out of, or relating to the Settlement (but excluding any claims to enforce the terms of the Settlement). 

If you sign the claim form, you
are agreeing to release your claims against Released Persons, which will bar you from ever filing a lawsuit that could have been
brought under any of the Released Claims. That means you will accept a share in the Net Settlement Fund as sole compensation for
any losses you have suffered in the acquisition and sale of IsoRay Stock during the Class Period. 

Further detail and information
about what you are agreeing to and giving up is detailed in the Stipulation of Settlement which is available at  www.strategicclaims.net . 

10.    How do I get out of the Settlement?  

If you do not want to receive
a payment from this Settlement, and you want to keep any right you may have to sue or continue to sue Defendants on your own based
on the legal claims raised in this Class Action, then you must take steps to get out of the Settlement. This is called excluding
yourself from   or  opting out  of   the Settlement. To validly exclude yourself from the Settlement, you
must mail a letter stating you want to be excluded as a Class Member from In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 15-CV-5046-LRS.
You must include your name, address, telephone number, email contact information (if any) and your signature, along with an accurate
list of all of your purchases and sales of IsoRay common stock during the Class Period, including the date, number of shares and
price of the shares purchased or sold and supporting account documentation. You must mail your exclusion request, postmarked no
later than ________ ____, 2016 to: 

IsoRay Inc. Litigation 

 c/o Strategic Claims Services 

 P.O. Box 230 

 600 N. Jackson St., Ste. 3 

 Media, PA 19063 

You cannot exclude yourself by
telephone or by e-mail. If you ask to be excluded, you will not receive a settlement payment, and you cannot object to the Settlement.
If you ask to be excluded in conformity with this Notice, you will not be legally bound by anything that happens in this Action. 

11.    If I do not exclude myself, can I sue Defendants for
the same thing later?  

No. Unless you exclude yourself,
you give up any right to sue Defendants for the claims that this Settlement resolves, or the Released Claims as defined above.
If you have a pending lawsuit, speak to your lawyer in that case immediately, since you may have to exclude yourself from this
Class to continue your own lawsuit. 

12.    Do I have a lawyer in this case?  

The Court has appointed The Rosen
Law Firm, P.A. and Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman   Herz LLP as plaintiffs  counsel to represent the Class Members for
the purposes of this settlement ( Plaintiffs  Counsel ). You have the option to retain your own separate counsel
at your own cost and expense. You need not retain your own separate counsel to opt-out, object, submit a Proof of Claim, or appear
at the Settlement Hearing. 

13.    How will the lawyers be paid?  

Plaintiffs  Counsel have
expended considerable time litigating this action on a contingent fee basis, and have paid for the expenses of the litigation themselves
and have not been paid any attorneys  fees in advance of this Settlement. Plaintiffs  Counsel have done so with the
expectation that if they are successful in recovering money for the Class, they will receive attorneys  fees and be reimbursed
for their litigation expenses from the Settlement Fund, as is customary in this type of litigation. Plaintiffs  Counsel will
not receive attorneys  fees or be reimbursed for their litigation expenses except from the Settlement Fund. Therefore, Plaintiffs 
Counsel will file a motion asking the Court at the Settlement Hearing to make an award of attorneys  fees in an amount not
to exceed 30% of the Settlement Fund and for reimbursement of reasonable litigation expenses not to exceed $50,000, and an award
to Lead Plaintiffs for reimbursement of reasonable costs and expenses (including lost wages) directly relating to their representation
of the Class, in an amount collectively not to exceed $15,000. The Court may award less than these amounts. Any amounts awarded
by the Court will come out of the Settlement Fund. 

14.    How do I tell the Court that I do not like the Settlement?  

You can tell the Court you do
not agree with the Settlement, any part of the Settlement, or Plaintiffs  Counsel s motion for attorneys  fees,
and that you think the Court should not approve the Settlement, by mailing a letter stating that you object to the Settlement in
the matter of  In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation , Case No. 15-CV-5046-LRS. Be sure to include your name, address,
telephone number, your signature, a list of your purchases and sales of IsoRay common stock during the Class Period, including
the date, number of shares and price of the shares purchased or sold in order to show your membership in the Class, and all of
the reasons you object to the Settlement. Be sure to mail the objections to each of the places listed below, such that they are
received no later than _______ ___, 2016, so the Court will consider your views: 

Attendance at the Final Settlement
Hearing is not necessary but persons wishing to be heard orally regarding the Settlement, the Plan of Allocation, and/or the application
for attorneys  fees and expenses or award to Lead Plaintiffs are required to indicate in their written objection (or in a
separate writing that is submitted in accordance with the deadline and after instruction pertinent to the submission of a written
objection) that they intend to appear at the Settlement Hearing and identify any witnesses they may call to testify or exhibits
they intend to introduce into evidence at the Final Settlement Hearing. 

15.    What is the difference between objecting and requesting
exclusion?  

Objecting is simply telling the
Court you do not like something about the Settlement. You can object only if you stay in the Class. Requesting exclusion is telling
the Court you do not want to be part of the Class and Settlement. If you exclude yourself, you cannot object to the Settlement
because it no longer concerns you. If you stay in the Class and object, but your objection is overruled, you will not be allowed
a second opportunity to exclude yourself and you will be bound by any order issued by the Court. 

16.    When and where will the Court decide whether to approve
the Settlement?  

The Court will hold a Final Settlement
Hearing on ___________ ___, 2016 at _ _: _ _, _.m., at the United States District Court, Eastern District of Washington,
25 South 3rd Street, Room 201, Yakima Washington, 98097. 

At this hearing, the Court will
consider whether the Settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate and whether to approve the Settlement. If there are objections,
the Court will consider them, and the Court will listen to people who have asked to speak at the hearing. The Court may also decide
how much to award Plaintiffs  Counsel for attorneys  fees and expenses or Lead Plaintiffs for their reasonable costs
and expenses (including lost wages) directly relating to their representation of the Class. 

17.    Do I have to come to the hearing?  

No. Plaintiffs  Counsel
will answer any questions the Court may have. However, you are welcome to attend at your own expense. If you send an objection,
you do not have to come to Court to talk about it. As long as you mail your written objection on time, the Court will consider
it. 

18.    What happens if I do nothing at all?  

If you do nothing, you will not
receive a payment from the Settlement. However, unless you validly exclude yourself, you will not be able to start a lawsuit, continue
with a lawsuit, or be part of any other lawsuit against Defendants about the claims made in this case ever again. 

DATED: ____________ __, 2016 
     BY ORDER OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON  

Exhibit A-2 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

 EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON 

 AT RICHLAND 

SUMMARY NOTICE OF PENDENCY  

   AND PROPOSED SETTELEMENT OF CLASS
ACTION   

YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED,
pursuant to an Order of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, , that a hearing will be held
on ____________ _____, 2016 at __:__ _.m. before the Honorable Lonny R. Suko, United States District Judge of the Eastern District
of Washington, 25 South 3rd Street, Room 201, Yakima, Washington 98097 (the  Settlement Hearing ) for the purpose of
determining: (1) whether the proposed Settlement consisting of the sum of $3,537,500 in cash should be approved by the Court as
fair, reasonable, and adequate; (2) whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds is fair, reasonable, and adequate;
(3) whether the application for an award of attorneys  fees of no more than 30% of the settlement amount (or $1,061,250)
and reimbursement of expenses of no more than $50,000 and a reimbursement award of reasonable costs and expenses (including lost
wages) directly relating to their representation of the Class of no more than $15,000 collectively to all Lead Plaintiffs, should
be approved; and (4) whether the Litigation should be dismissed with prejudice. 

If you purchased IsoRay
common stock between May 20, 2015 and May 21, 2015, inclusive (the  Class Period ), your rights may be affected by
the Settlement of this action. If you have not received a detailed Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action
and a copy of the Proof of Claim and Release, you may obtain copies by contacting the Claims Administrator at: IsoRay Inc. Litigation,
c/o Strategic Claims Services, P.O. Box 230, 600 N. Jackson St., Ste. 3, Media, PA 19063, Telephone: (866) 274-4004, Facsimile:
(610) 565-7985,  info@strategicclaims.net , or going to the website  www.strategicclaims.net . If you are a member of
the Class, in order to share in the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund, you must submit a properly completed Proof of Claim
and Release postmarked no later than __________ _____, 2016 to the Claims Administrator, establishing that you are entitled to
recovery. Unless you submit a written exclusion request, you will be bound by any judgment rendered in the Litigation whether
or not you make a claim. If you desire to be excluded from the Class, you must submit a request for exclusion postmarked no later
than _________ _____, 2016, in the manner and form explained in the detailed Notice to the Claims Administrator. 

Any objection to the
Settlement, Plan of Allocation, or the Plaintiffs  Counsel s request for an award of attorneys  fees and reimbursement
of expenses must be in the manner and form explained in the detailed Notice and received no later than  _______ __, 2016,
to each of the following: 

Clerk of the Court 

 United States District Court 

Eastern District of Washington 

 P.O. Box 2706, 

 Yakima, Washington 98907 

Plaintiffs  Counsel :   

Phillip Kim 

 THE ROSEN LAW FIRM, P.A. 

 275 Madison Avenue 34th Floor 

 New York, NY 10016 

 -or- 

 Matthew M. Guiney 

 WOLF HALDENSTEIN ADLER FREEMAN   HERZ LLP 

 270 Madison Avenue 

 New York, NY 10016 

Defendants  Counsel :  

Gregory L. Watts 

 WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH   ROSATI, P.C. 

 701 Fifth Avenue, Suite 5100 

 Seattle, WA 98104-7036 

If you have any questions
about the Settlement, you may call or write to Plaintiffs  Counsel: 

Phillip Kim 

 THE ROSEN LAW FIRM, P.A. 

 275 Madison Avenue 34th Floor 

 New York, NY 10016 

 pkim@rosenlegal.com 

 -or- 

 Matthew M. Guiney 

 WOLF HALDENSTEIN ADLER FREEMAN   HERZ LLP 

 270 Madison Avenue 

 New York, NY 10016 

 Guiney@whafh.com 

PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT THE COURT OR THE
CLERK S OFFICE REGARDING THIS NOTICE.  

DATED: ____________ _____, 2016 

BY ORDER OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON  

Exhibit A-3 

PROOF OF CLAIM AND RELEASE FORM  

Deadline for Submission:                             

If you purchased the common stock of IsoRay
Inc. ( IsoRay ) during the period from May 20, 2015 through May 21, 2015, inclusive (the  Class Period ),
you are a  Settlement Class Member  and you may be entitled to share in the settlement proceeds. (Excluded from the
Settlement Class are Defendants and any entity in which the Defendants have a controlling interest, and the officers, directors,
affiliates, legal representatives, immediate family members, heirs, successors, subsidiaries and/or assigns of any such individual
or entity in their capacity as such.) 

If you are a Settlement Class Member, you
must complete and submit this form in order to be eligible for any settlement benefits. 

You must complete and sign this Proof of
Claim and Release Form and mail it by first class mail, postmarked no later than _______________, to Strategic Claims Services,
the claims administrator, at the following address: 

IsoRay Inc. Litigation 

 c/o Strategic Claims Services 

 600 N. Jackson St., Ste. 3 

 P.O. Box 230 

 Media, PA 19063 

 Tel.: 866-274-4004 

 Fax: 610-565-7985 

 info@strategicclaims.net 

Your failure to submit your claim by ___________
will subject your claim to rejection and preclude you from receiving any money in connection with the settlement of this action.
Do not mail or deliver your claim to the Court or to any of the parties or their counsel, as any such claim will be deemed not
to have been submitted. Submit your claim only to the claims administrator. If you are a Settlement Class Member and do not submit
a proper Proof of Claim and Release Form, you will not share in the Settlement, but you nevertheless will be bound by the Order
and Final Judgment of the Court unless you exclude yourself. 

Submission of a proof of claim does not
assure that you will share in the proceeds of the settlement. 

CLAIMANT S STATEMENT  

1.  I (we) purchased the common stock of IsoRay Inc. ( IsoRay ) during the Class Period.
(Do not submit this Proof of Claim and Release Form if you did not purchase IsoRay common stock during the Class Period.)   

2.  By submitting this Proof of Claim and Release Form, I (we) state that I (we) believe in good faith
that I am (we are) a Settlement Class Member(s) as defined above and in the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class
Action (the  Notice ), or am (are) acting for such person(s); that I am (we are) not a Defendant in the Action or anyone
excluded from the Settlement Class; that I (we) have read and understand the Notice; that I (we) believe that I am (we are) entitled
to receive a share of the Net Settlement Fund, as defined in the Notice; that I (we) elect to participate in the proposed Settlement
described in the Notice; and that I (we) have not filed a request for exclusion. (If you are acting in a representative capacity
on behalf of a Settlement Class Member [e.g., as an executor, administrator, trustee, or other representative], you must submit
evidence of your current authority to act on behalf of that Settlement Class Member. Such evidence would include, for example,
letters testamentary, letters of administration, or a copy of the trust documents.)   

3.  I (we) consent to the jurisdiction of the Court with respect to all questions concerning the validity
of this Proof of Claim and Release Form. I (we) understand and agree that my (our) claim may be subject to investigation and discovery
under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, provided that such investigation and discovery shall be limited to my (our) status
as a Settlement Class Member(s) and the validity and amount of my (our) claim. No discovery shall be allowed on the merits of the
Action or Settlement in connection with processing of the Proof of Claim and Release Form.   

4.  I (we) have set forth where requested below all relevant information with respect to each purchase
or acquisition of IsoRay common stock during the Class Period, and each sale, if any, of such common stock. I (we) agree to furnish
additional information to the Claims Administrator to support this claim if requested to do so.   

5.  I (we) have enclosed photocopies of the stockbroker s confirmation slips, stockbroker s
statements, or other documents evidencing each purchase, acquisition, and sale of IsoRay common stock listed below in support of
my (our) claim. (IF ANY SUCH DOCUMENTS ARE NOT IN YOUR POSSESSION, PLEASE OBTAIN A COPY OR EQUIVALENT DOCUMENTS FROM YOUR BROKER
OR TAX ADVISOR BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS ARE NECESSARY TO PROVE AND PROCESS YOUR CLAIM.)   

6.  I (we) understand that the information contained in this Proof of Claim and Release Form is subject
to such verification as the Claims Administrator may request or as the Court may direct, and I (we) agree to cooperate in any such
verification. (The information requested herein is designed to provide the minimum amount of information necessary to process most
simple claims. The Claims Administrator may request additional information as required to efficiently and reliably calculate your
recognized loss. In some cases, the Claims Administrator may condition acceptance of the claim based upon the production of additional
information, including, where applicable, information concerning transactions in any derivatives securities such as options.)   

7.  Upon the occurrence of the Court s approval of the Settlement, as detailed in the Notice,
I (we) agree and acknowledge that my (our) signature(s) hereto shall effect and constitute a full and complete release, remise
and discharge by me (us) and my (our) heirs, joint tenants, tenants in common, beneficiaries, executors, administrators, predecessors,
successors, attorneys, insurers and assigns (or, if I am (we are) submitting this Proof of Claim and Release Form on behalf of
a corporation, a partnership, estate or one or more other persons, by it, him, her or them, and by its, his, her or their heirs,
executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, and assigns) of each of the  Released Parties  of all  Released
Claims.    

8.  Upon the occurrence of the Court s approval of the Settlement, as detailed in the Notice,
I (we) agree and acknowledge that my (our) signature(s) hereto shall effect and constitute a covenant by me (us) and my (our) heirs,
joint tenants, tenants in common, beneficiaries, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors, attorneys, insurers and assigns
(or, if I am (we are) submitting this Proof of Claim and Release Form on behalf of a corporation, a partnership, estate or one
or more other persons, by it, him, her or them, and by its, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators, predecessors, successors,
and assigns) to permanently refrain from prosecuting or attempting to prosecute any Released Claims against any of the Released
Parties.   

9.   Released Parties  means Defendants and their Related Persons.   

10.   Released Claims  means any and all Claims, including Unknown Claims, that have been,
could have been, or in the future can or might be asserted in any federal, state or foreign court, tribunal, forum or proceeding
by on or behalf of any of the Releasing Parties against any one or more of the Released Parties, whether any such Released Parties
were named, served with process, or appeared in the Action, which directly or indirectly arise out of or relate to (i) the subject
matter of the Action or any of the claims asserted in the Action, (ii) the purchase or sale of IsoRay common stock by any of the
Releasing Parties during the Class Period, and/or (iii) any claims in connection with, based upon, arising out of, or relating
to the Settlement (but excluding any claims to enforce the terms of the Settlement).   

11.   Unknown Claims  mean all claims, demands, rights, liabilities, and causes of action
of every nature and description which any Settlement Class Member does not know or suspect to exist in his, her or its favor at
the time of the release of the Released Parties which, if known by him, her or it, might have affected his, her or its settlement
with and release of the Released Parties, or might have affected his, her or its decision not to opt-out or object to this Settlement.
With respect to any and all Released Claims, the Settling Parties stipulate and agree that, upon the Effective Date, the Plaintiffs
shall expressly waive, and each of the Settlement Class Members shall be deemed to have waived, and by operation of the Final Judgment
shall have waived, the provisions, rights and benefits of California Civil Code   1542, which provides:  A general release
does not extend to claims which the creditor does Not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the
release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.    

12.  I (we) acknowledge that I (we) may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those
which I (we) now know or believe to be true with respect to the subject matter of the Released Claims, but expressly fully, finally
and forever settle and release, any and all Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent,
whether or not concealed or hidden, which now exist, or heretofore have existed, upon any theory of law or equity now existing
or coming into existence in the future, including, but not limited to, conduct which is negligent, intentional, with or without
malice, or a breach of fiduciary duty, law or rule, without regard to the subsequent discovery or existence of such different or
additional facts.   

13.  I (We) acknowledge that the inclusion of  Unknown Claims  in the definition of claims
released pursuant to the Settlement Stipulation was separately bargained for and is a material element of the Settlement of which
this release is a part.   

14.  NOTICE REGARDING ELECTRONIC FILES: Certain claimants with large numbers of transactions may request,
or may be requested, to submit information regarding their transactions in electronic files. All Claimants MUST submit a manually
signed paper Proof of Claim and Release Form listing all their transactions whether or not they also submit electronic copies.
If you wish to file your claim electronically, you must contact the Claims Administrator at info@strategicclaims.net or visit their
website at www.strategicclaims.net to obtain the required file layout. No electronic files will be considered to have been properly
submitted unless the Claims Administrator issues to the Claimant a written acknowledgment of receipt and acceptance of electronically
submitted data.   

I.    CLAIMANT INFORMATION    

Name: 

Address: 

City:  
      State:  
     
         ZIP: 

Foreign Province:  
     
         Foreign Country: 

Day Phone:  
     
         Evening Phone: 

Email: 

Social Security Number (for individuals): 

OR  
      Taxpayer Identification Number (for estates, trusts, corporations, etc.):   

II.    SCHEDULE OF TRANSACTIONS IN ISORAY COMMON STOCK    

Beginning Holdings:  

A. 
     State the total number of shares of IsoRay common stock held at the close of trading on May 19, 2015  (must be documented) .  If none, write  zero  or  0.  

Purchases/Acquisitions:  

B.  Separately list each and every purchase of IsoRay common stock between May 20, 2015 and August 19, 2015, both dates inclusive,
and provide the following information  (must be documented) :   

Trade Date (List  
 Chronologically)  
 (Month/Day/Year)  
       
      Number of Shares  
 Purchased/Acquired  
       
      Price per Share  
       
      Total Cost  
 (Excluding  
 Commissions,  
 Taxes, and Fees)   

Sales:  

C.  Separately list each and every sale of IsoRay common stock between May 20, 2015 and August 19, 2015, both dates inclusive,
and provide the following information  (must be documented) :   

Trade Date (List  
 Chronologically)  
 (Month/Day/Year)  
       
      Number of   
 Shares Sold  
       
      Price per Share  
       
      Total Cost  
 (Excluding  
 Commissions,  
 Taxes, and Fees)   

Ending Holdings:  

D. 
     State the total number of shares of IsoRay common stock held at the close of trading on August 19, 2015  (must be documented) .   

If additional space is needed, attach
separate, numbered sheets, giving all required information, substantially in the same format, and print your name and Social Security
or Taxpayer Identification number at the top of each sheet.  

III.    SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9    

Request for Taxpayer Identification Number: 

Enter taxpayer identification number below
for the Beneficial Owner(s). For most individuals, this is your Social Security Number. The Internal Revenue Service ( I.R.S. )
requires such taxpayer identification number. If you fail to provide this information, your claim may be rejected. 

Social Security Number (for individuals): 
      or  
     Taxpayer Identification Number (for estates, trusts, corporations, etc.):  

IV.    CERTIFICATION    

I (We) submit this Proof of Claim and Release
Form under the terms of the Stipulation of Settlement described in the Notice. I (We) also submit to the jurisdiction of the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, with respect to my (our) claim as a Settlement Class Member and for
purposes of enforcing the release and covenant not to sue set forth herein. I (We) further acknowledge that I am (we are) bound
by and subject to the terms of any judgment that may be entered in this Action. I (We) have not submitted any other claim covering
the same purchases or sales of IsoRay common stock during the Class Period and know of no other Person having done so on my (our)
behalf. 

I (We) certify that I am (we are) NOT subject
to backup withholding under the provisions of Section 3406 (a)(1)(c) of the Internal Revenue Code because: (a) I am (We are) exempt
from backup withholding; or (b) I (We) have not been notified by the I.R.S. that I am (we are) subject to backup withholding as
a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends; or (c) the I.R.S. has notified me (us) that I am (we are) no longer
subject to backup withholding. 

NOTE: If you have been notified by the
I.R.S. that you are subject to backup withholding, please strike out the language that you are not subject to backup withholding
in the certification above. 

UNDER THE PENALTIES OF PERJURY UNDER THE
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES, I (WE) CERTIFY THAT ALL OF THE INFORMATION I (WE) PROVIDED ON THIS PROOF OF CLAIM AND RELEASE FORM IS
TRUE, CORRECT AND COMPLETE. 

Signature of Claimant (If this claim is being made on behalf of Joint Claimants, then each must sign):  

(Signature)  

(Signature)  

(Capacity of person(s) signing, e.g. beneficial purchaser(s), executor, administrator, trustee, etc.)  

Check here if proof of authority to file is enclosed. (See Item 2 under Claimant s Statement)  

Date:                           

THIS PROOF OF CLAIM AND RELEASE FORM
MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN _______________ AND MUST BE MAILED TO:  

IsoRay Inc. Litigation 

 c/o Strategic Claims Services 

 600 N. Jackson St., Ste. 3 

 P.O. Box 230 

 Media, PA 19063 

 Tel.: 866-274-4004 

 Fax: 610-565-7985 

 info@strategicclaims.net 

A Proof of Claim and Release Form received
by the Claims Administrator shall be deemed to have been submitted when posted, if mailed by ____________ and if a postmark is
indicated on the envelope and it is mailed first class and addressed in accordance with the above instructions. In all other cases,
a Proof of Claim and Release Form shall be deemed to have been submitted when actually received by the Claims Administrator. 

You should be aware that it will take a
significant amount of time to process fully all of the Proof of Claim and Release Forms and to administer the Settlement. This
work will be completed as promptly as time permits, given the need to investigate and tabulate each Proof of Claim and Release
Form. Please notify the Claims Administrator of any change of address. 

REMINDER CHECKLIST  

o  Please be sure to sign this Proof of Claim and Release Form on page ____. If this Proof of Claim
and Release Form is submitted on behalf of joint claimants, then both claimants must sign.   

o  Please remember to attach supporting documents. Do NOT send any stock certificates. Keep copies
of everything you submit.   

o  Do NOT use highlighter on the Proof of Claim and Release Form or any supporting documents.   

o  If you move or change your address, telephone number or email address, please submit the new information
to the Claims Administrator, as well as any other information that will assist us in contacting you. NOTE: Failure to submit updated
information to the Claims Administrator may result in the Claims Administrator s inability to contact you regarding issues
with your claim or delivery of payment to you.   

Exhibit B 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

 EASTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON 

 AT RICHLAND 

In re IsoRay, Inc. Securities Litigation 

Master File No. 4:15-cv-5046-LRS 
           
         [PROPOSED] ORDER AND FINAL JUDGMENT 
           
         Hon. Lonny R. Suko 

On the ____ day of
__________________, 2016, a hearing having been held before this Court to determine: (1) whether the terms and conditions of the
Stipulation of Settlement dated September 23, 2016 (the  Stipulation ) are fair, reasonable and adequate for the settlement
of all claims asserted by (i) the Settlement Class against (ii) Defendants IsoRay, Inc. ( IsoRay ) (collectively,  Defendants );
and (2) whether to approve the proposed Plan of Allocation as a fair and reasonable method to allocate the Net Settlement Fund
among Settlement Class Members; and 

The Court having considered
all matters submitted to it at the hearing and otherwise; and 

It appearing that the
Notice substantially in the form approved by the Court in the Court s Order Preliminarily Approving Settlement and Providing
For Notice ( Preliminary Approval Order ) was mailed to all reasonably identifiable Settlement Class Members; and 

It appearing that the
Summary Notice substantially in the form approved by the Court in the Preliminary Approval Order was published in accordance with
that Order and the specifications of the Court; 

NOW, THEREFORE, IT
IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED THAT: 

1.            All
capitalized terms used herein have the same meanings as set forth and defined in the Stipulation. 

2.            The
Court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of the Litigation, Plaintiffs, all Settlement Class Members and Defendants to the
Litigation, including all Settlement Class Members who did not file, pursuant to the Court s Preliminary Approval Order dated
____________ __, 2016, a timely request for exclusion from the Settlement Class by the requisite deadline. 

3.            The
Court finds that the prerequisites for a class action under Rule 23(a) and (b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure have
been satisfied in that: (a) the number of Settlement Class Members is so numerous that joinder of all members thereof is impracticable;
(b) there are questions of law and fact common to the Settlement Class; (c) the claims of the Plaintiffs are typical of the claims
of the Settlement Class they seek to represent; (d) Plaintiffs fairly and adequately represent the interests of the Settlement
Class; (e) the questions of law and fact common to the members of the Settlement Class predominate over any questions affecting
only individual members of the Settlement Class; and (f) a class action is superior to other available methods for the fair and
efficient adjudication of this Litigation. The Settlement Class is being certified for settlement purposes only. 

4.            Pursuant
to Rule 23(a) and (b)(3) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Court hereby certifies as a Settlement Class Persons (including,
without limitation, their beneficiaries) who purchased the publicly traded common stock of IsoRay between May 20, 2015 and May
21, 2015, inclusive, and were damaged thereby. Excluded from the Settlement Class are: (i) Persons who suffered no compensable
losses (ii) Opt-Outs; and (iii) Defendants and any entity in which the Defendants have a controlling interest, and the officers,
directors, affiliates, legal representatives, immediate family members, heirs, successors, subsidiaries and/or assigns of any such
individual or entity in their capacity as such. 

5.            Pursuant
to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Lead and named Plaintiffs are certified as the class representatives on behalf
of the Settlement Class and Plaintiffs  Counsel previously selected by Lead Plaintiffs and appointed by the Court, is hereby
appointed as Lead Counsel for the Settlement Class (or  Class Counsel ). 

6.            The
Court hereby finds that the forms and methods of notifying the Settlement Class of the terms and conditions of the Settlement met
the requirements of due process and Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Section 21D(a)(7) of the Exchange Act, 15
U.S.C.   78u-4(a)(7), as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; constituted the best notice practicable
under the circumstances; and constituted due and sufficient notice to all persons and entities entitled thereto of these proceedings
and the matters set forth herein, including the Settlement and Plan of Allocation, to all Persons entitled to such notice. No Settlement
Class Member is relieved from the terms of the Settlement, including the releases provided for therein, based upon the contention
or proof that such Settlement Class Member failed to receive actual or adequate notice. A full opportunity has been offered to
the Settlement Class Members to object to the proposed Settlement and to participate in the hearing thereon. The Court further
finds that the notice provisions of the Class Action Fairness Act, 28 U.S.C.   1715, were fully discharged. Thus, it is hereby
determined that all members of the Settlement Class are bound by this Order and Final Judgment except those persons listed on Exhibit
A to this Order and Final Judgment. 

7.            The
Settlement is approved as fair, reasonable and adequate, and in the best interests of the Settlement Class. Plaintiffs and Defendants
are directed to consummate the Settlement in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Stipulation. 

8.            The
Litigation and the Amended Complaint ( Complaint ) are hereby dismissed with prejudice and without costs. 

9.            Plaintiffs
and the Settlement Class Members, on behalf of themselves, their parents, entities, associations, affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors,
successors, assigns, attorneys, heirs, representatives, administrators, executors, devisees, legatees, and estates, hereby release
and forever discharge the Released Persons from any and all Released Claims. Plaintiffs and the Settlement Class Members, and anyone
acting or purporting to act for any of them, are hereby permanently and forever enjoined from prosecuting, attempting to prosecute,
or assisting others in the prosecution of the Released Claims against the Released Persons. 

10.          Each
of the Defendants, including any and all of their respective successors in interest or assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges
any and all Defendants  claims which arise out of, concern or relate to the institution, prosecution, settlement or dismissal
of the Action against the Plaintiffs, any of the Settlement Class Members and any of their counsel, including Plaintiffs 
Counsel. 

11.          The
Court hereby finds that the proposed Plan of Allocation is a fair and reasonable method to allocate the Net Settlement Fund among
Settlement Class Members. 

12.          In
accordance with 15 U.S.C.   78u-4(f)(7) and any other applicable law or regulation, any and all claims which are brought by
any Person or entity against Defendants (a) for contribution or indemnification arising out of any Settled Claim, or (b) where
the damage to the claimant is measured by reference to the claimant s liability to the Plaintiffs or the Settlement Class,
are hereby permanently barred and discharged. Any such claims brought by Defendants against any Person or entity (other than Persons
or entities whose liability to Plaintiffs or the Settlement Class is extinguished by this Judgment) are likewise permanently barred
and discharged. Further, nothing in this Stipulation shall apply to bar or otherwise affect any claim for insurance coverage by
any Defendant. 

13.          The
Court finds that all parties and their counsel have complied with each requirement of Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure
as to all proceedings herein. 

14.          Neither
this Order and Final Judgment, the Stipulation, nor any of the negotiations, documents or proceedings connected with them shall
be: 

(a)            referred
to or used against Defendants or against Plaintiffs or the Settlement Class as evidence of wrongdoing by anyone; 

(b)            construed
against Defendants or against Plaintiffs or the Settlement Class as an admission or concession that the consideration to be given
hereunder represents the amount which could be or would have been recovered after trial; 

(c)            construed
as, or received in evidence as, an admission, concession or presumption against the Settlement Class or any of them, that any of
their claims are without merit or that damages recoverable under the Complaint would not have exceeded the Settlement Fund; or 

(d)            used
or construed as an admission of any fault, liability or wrongdoing by any person or entity, or offered or received in evidence
as an admission, concession, presumption or inference against any of the Defendants in any proceeding other than such proceedings
as may be necessary to consummate or enforce the Stipulation. 

15.          Exclusive
jurisdiction is hereby retained over Defendants and the Settlement Class Members for all matters relating to the Litigation, including
the administration, interpretation, effectuation or enforcement of the Stipulation or Settlement and this Order and Final Judgment,
and including any application for fees and expenses incurred in connection with administering and distributing the settlement proceeds
to the Settlement Class Members. 

16.          Without
further order of the Court, Defendants and Plaintiffs may agree to reasonable extensions of time to carry out any of the provisions
of the Stipulation. 

17.          There
is no just reason for delay in the entry of this Order and Final Judgment and immediate entry by the Clerk of the Court is directed
pursuant to Rule 54(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 

18.          The
finality of this Order and Final Judgment shall not be affected, in any manner, by rulings that the Court may make on Plaintiffs 
Counsel s application for an award of attorneys  fees and expenses and/or award to Plaintiffs. 

19.         In
the event that the Settlement does not become final and effective in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the
Stipulation, then this Order and Final Judgment shall be rendered null and void and be vacated and the Settlement and all orders
entered in connection therewith shall be rendered null and void (except as provided in paragraphs 3, 4, 8.2, 9.1, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8,
10.9, and 12.1 in the Stipulation), and the parties shall be deemed to have reverted to their respective status prior to the execution
of this Stipulation, and they shall proceed in all respects as if the Stipulation had not been executed and the related orders
had not been entered, preserving in that event all of their respective claims and defenses in the Litigation, and shall revert
to their respective positions in the Litigation. 

IT IS SO ORDERED.  

Dated: _______________, 2016 

HON. LONNY R. SUKO  

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452265_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas C. LaVoy, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of IsoRay, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)   Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)   Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)   Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Thomas LaVoy  

Thomas C. LaVoy   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452265_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Brien L. Ragle certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IsoRay, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)   Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)   Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)   Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Brien L. Ragle  

Brien L. Ragle   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 v452265_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Section 1350 Certifications  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of IsoRay, Inc., a Minnesota corporation
(the  Company ), hereby certify that: 

To my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Thomas C. LaVoy   

THOMAS C. LAVOY   

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Brien L. Ragle   

BRIEN L. RAGLE   

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 isr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 isr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 isr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 isr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 isr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 isr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

