<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1334699_0001144204-16-135607_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2829784</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60725</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>192131</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>604205</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1306599</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>611738</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135607.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121161237
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135607
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Li3 Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				203061907
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54303
		FILM NUMBER:		162010477

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATIAS COUSI?O 82
		STREET 2:		OFICINA 806
		CITY:			SANTIAGO
		STATE:			F3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		56 2 2206 5252

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATIAS COUSI?O 82
		STREET 2:		OFICINA 806
		CITY:			SANTIAGO
		STATE:			F3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NanoDynamics Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mystica Candle Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135607.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v452964_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

For the transition period from __________
to __________  

Commission File Number:  000-54303  

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada   
       20-3061907    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
      (IRS Employer  
 Identification No.)   

Matias Cousi o 82, Of 806  

  Santiago de Chile, 8320269, Chile  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

+ (56) 2 2206 5252  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer          
       
      Accelerated filer           
 
      Non-accelerated filer           
       
      Smaller reporting company   x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes        No  x  

As of November 21, 2016, there were 500,121,178 shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

Part I - Financial Information   

Item 1  
       Financial Statements   
      4   

Item 2  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      15   

Item 3  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      18   

Item 4  
       Controls and Procedures   
      18   

Part II - Other Information   

Item 1  
       Legal Proceedings   
      19   

Item 1A  
       Risk Factors   
      19   

Item 2  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      19   

Item 3  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      19   

Item 4  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      19   

Item 5  
       Other Information   
      19   

Item 6  
       Exhibits   
      20   

Signatures   
      20   

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this
 Report ) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).
Actual results may materially differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties
set forth in this report. Although management believes that the assumptions made and expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the underlying assumptions will, in fact, prove to be correct or that actual
results will not be different from expectations expressed in this report. 

All statements other than statements of
historical facts included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Report, regarding our financial condition, estimated working capital,
business strategy, the plans and objectives of our management for future operations and those statements preceded by, followed
by or that otherwise include the words  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends, 
 estimates,   projects,   target,   goal,   plans,   objective, 
 should  or similar expressions or variations on such expressions are forward-looking statements. We can give no assurances
that the assumptions upon which the forward-looking statements are based will prove to be correct. Because forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, our ability to identify appropriate corporate acquisition
and/or joint venture opportunities in the lithium mining sector, our ability to establish technical and managerial infrastructure,
our ability to raise the required capital to take advantage of and successfully participate in such opportunities, and future economic
conditions, political stability and lithium prices. Descriptions of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q appear
in the section captioned  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on October 7, 2016. 

Except as otherwise required by the federal
securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statement contained in this Report to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions
or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

  LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders  Equity  

  From July 1, 2015 through September 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  For the three months ended September
30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Li3 Energy, Inc. ( Li3 Energy 
or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 24, 2005. In 2009, the Company
established its business focus and strategy toward identifying and pursuing business opportunities in lithium and industrial minerals
mining in the Americas. 

Part of our strategic plan is to ensure
that Minera Li (of which the Company owns a non-controlling interest) explores and develops the existing Maricunga Project in Chile
while simultaneously identifying other synergistic opportunities with new projects with production potential that could also be
advanced in an accelerated manner, with the goal of becoming a company with valuable lithium, potassium, nitrates and other industrial
minerals properties. 

The Company s three wholly owned
subsidiaries include: Li3 Energy Peru SRL ( Li3 Peru ), a subsidiary formed in Peru to explore mining opportunities
in Peru and in South America; Alfredo Holdings, Ltd. ( Alfredo ), an exempted limited company incorporated under the
laws of the Cayman Islands; and Li3 Energy Copiap , SA ( Li3 Copiap  ), a Chilean corporation, which
is a subsidiary of Alfredo. 

Since October 22, 2014, the Company holds
40% of the shares in Noto Energy SA ( Noto , an Argentinean corporation and a previously 100% owned subsidiary). 

On January 27, 2014, the Company entered
into a transaction with a third party, Minera Salar Blanco SpA ( MSB , previously BBL SpA), subsequent to which MSB
became the majority holder of Minera Li, holding 51% of the ownership interest. The Company retains a 49% ownership of Minera Li.
Minera Li holds 60% ownership of Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio1 a 6 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga ( SLM Litio 1-6 ),
a group of six private companies (the  Maricunga Companies ), and the Cocina Mining Concessions (together with SLM
Litio 1-6, the  Maricunga Project ). 

We have generated no revenues to date and
do not anticipate generating any revenues in the near term. Our activities have been limited to capital formation, organization,
acquisition of interests in mining properties and limited exploration on the Maricunga Project, of which we currently hold a minority
interest. The Company s operations will be subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise
and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant operating history. We may be unable to locate exploitable quantities
of mineral resources or operate on a profitable basis, or we may fail to secure additional funding to support our operations. 

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements of Li3 Energy have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and should be read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form
10-K ) filed with the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been
reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for the full year. Notes to the financial statements which would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the audited
financial statements for the most recent fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as reported in the Form 10-K, have been omitted. 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

a. Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Li3 Peru, Alfredo and Li3 Copiap . As a result of the Company
disposing of its controlling interest in Minera Li on January 27, 2014, the Company deconsolidated Minera Li from its consolidated
financial statements and now accounts for its remaining 49% investment in Minera Li under the equity method. On October 22, 2014,
the Company sold 60% of its shares in Noto Energy SA and now accounts for its remaining 40% investment under the equity method.
All intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. All intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 

b. Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents
at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 

c. Investment in Minera Li  

As of January 27, 2014, the Company s
investment in Minera Li is accounted for under the equity method in accordance with ASC 323   Equity Investments and Joint
Ventures . Under the equity method, the carrying value of the investment is adjusted for the Company s share of Minera
Li earnings and losses, as well as any capital contributions to and distributions from associates. Distributions in excess of equity
method earnings are recognized as a return of investment and recorded as investing cash inflows in the accompanying consolidated
statements of cash flows. We classify operating income and losses as well as gains and impairments related to our equity investees
as a component of operating income or loss, as the Company s equity investees is an extension of our core business. 

We evaluate equity investments for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may have experienced an   other-than-temporary  
decline in value. If such conditions exist, we compare the estimated fair value of the investment to its carrying value to determine
if an impairment is indicated and determines whether the impairment is   other-than-temporary   based on
an assessment of all relevant factors, including consideration of our intent and ability to retain the investment. 

d. Income Taxes  

A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded
for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and for net operating loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the
date of enactment. 

For financial statement purposes, we recognize
the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than
a 50% likelihood of being sustained. 

The Company recognizes interest related
to income tax matters in income tax expense and penalties related to income tax matters in general and administrative expenses.
The Company did not have any uncertain income tax positions or accrued interest included in our consolidated balance sheets at
September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016, and did not recognize any interest in its consolidated statements of operations during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

e. Fair Value Measurements  

As defined in FASB ASC Topic No. 820 -
10, fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10 requires disclosure that establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. The statement requires fair value measurements be
classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level 1:  Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible
at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. The Company considers active markets as those in which
transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
basis. 

Level 2:  Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs
which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. This category
includes those derivative instruments that the Company values using observable market data. Substantially all of these inputs
are observable in the marketplace throughout the term of the derivative instruments, can be derived from observable data, or supported
by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. 

Level 3:  Measured based on prices or valuation models that require
inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable from objective sources (i.e. supported by little
or no market activity). The Company s valuation models are primarily industry standard models.  Level 3 instruments
include derivative warrant instruments.  The Company does not have sufficient corroborating evidence to support classifying
these assets and liabilities as Level 1 or Level 2. 

As required by FASB ASC Topic No. 820 -
10, financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may
affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The
fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities are estimated using a modified lattice valuation model. 

f. Beneficial Conversion Feature  

If the conversion features of conventional
convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized as a beneficial
conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount. In those circumstances, the convertible
debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and the Company amortizes the discount to interest expense, over the life
of the debt.  

g. Earnings (Loss) per Share  

Basic net earnings per share amounts are
computed by dividing the net income available to Li3 Energy, Inc. shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding over the reporting period. In periods in which the Company reports a net loss, dilutive securities are excluded from
the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the following convertible debt, stock options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock were excluded from
the computation of diluted net income or loss per share, as the inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive: 

h. Foreign Currency  

The Company has determined that the functional
currency of the parent company and each of its foreign subsidiaries is U.S. Dollars. 

Foreign currency transaction gains and
losses are included in the statement of operations as other income (expense). 

i. Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management has made significant estimates related to the fair value of its mineral assets; the fair value of derivative liabilities;
stock-based payments; and contingencies. 

j. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

There were various accounting standards and interpretations
issued recently, none of which are expected to a have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position,
operations or cash flows. 

k. Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluated material events occurring
between September 30, 2016 and through the date when the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued for
disclosure consideration. 

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
no source of current revenue, a cash balance on hand of $212,874 and negative working capital of $1,232,752. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

In the course of its development activities,
the Company has sustained and continues to sustain losses. The Company cannot predict if and when the Company may generate
profits.  In the event we identify commercial reserves of lithium or other minerals, we will require substantial additional
capital to develop those reserves and certain governmental permits to exploit such resources.  The Company expects to
finance its future operations primarily through future equity or debt financing. However, there exists substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern because there is no assurance that it will be able to obtain such capital,
through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be
given that any such financing, if obtained, will be adequate to meet the Company s ultimate capital needs and to support
its growth. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, then the Company s operations
would be materially negatively impacted. 

The Company s ability to complete
additional offerings is dependent on the state of the debt and/or equity markets at the time of any proposed offering, and such
market s reception of the Company and the offering terms. In addition, the Company s ability to complete an offering
may be dependent on the status of its exploration activities, which cannot be predicted. There is no assurance that capital in
any form would be available to the Company, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent
on its ability to obtain the necessary rights to exploit its mineral rights; meet its financial and operational obligations, to
obtain additional financing as may be required until such time as it can generate sources of recurring revenues and to ultimately
attain profitability. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of these uncertainties. 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN MINERA LI  

The Company s equity investment at
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 relates to its 49% investment in Minera Li. The activity of the investment for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Summarized Financial Information of
Minera Li  

Set out below is the summarized financial
information of Minera Li, which is accounted for using the equity method. The information reflects the amounts presented in the
financial statements of Minera Li adjusted for differences in accounting policies between the Company and Minera Li. Our share
of income and losses from our equity method investment in Minera Li is included in loss from Minera Li equity investment in the
consolidated statements of operations. 

Summarized Balance Sheets  

Summarized Statements of Operations  

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

MSB   

As of June 30, 2016, MSB owned 51% of Minera
Li with the Company retaining a 49% ownership interest. MSB is a private Chilean corporation with an objective to advance a business
in the production of lithium. MSB is controlled by a Chilean entrepreneur. 

As of June 30, 2015, the Company had received
a total of $1,220,000 of loans from MSB (of which $980,000 was received during the year ending June 30, 2015), bearing interest
of 8.5% per annum and due within 18 months from the date of receipt. On January 19, 2016, the Company entered into an additional
agreement with MSB whereby the Company and MSB agreed to offset the $1,000,000 Additional Payment MSB previously agreed to provide
to the Company against $1,000,000 of the Company s notes payable to MSB and $134,901 of accrued interest owed to MSB was
rolled into the Company s existing note payable. In addition, MSB loaned an additional $100,000 to the Company and MSB waived
the 13 shares in Minera Li which were pledged by the Company to MSB as security for its notes payable. The resulting $454,901 loan
payable and accrued interest is due on January 18, 2018, bears interest at 8.5% per annum, and is secured by 5 of the Company s
shares in Minera Li. 

The total interest accrued on the loans
from MSB as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was $27,014 and $17,268, respectively. For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, $9,746 and $25,361, respectively, of interest expense was recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 

On July 20, 2016, MSB entered into an agreement
with Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), an Australian company, regarding a joint venture to explore and develop
the Maricunga Project in accordance with a term sheet dated July 14, 2016. On August 30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
with MSB, pursuant to which, the Company and MSB, as the current shareholders of Minera Li, unanimously agreed to approve the transactions
contemplated by the term sheet (the  Transaction ). 

As part of the Transaction, Mineral Li
and MSB will contribute their Maricunga lithium brine assets to a new joint venture (the  Maricunga JV ) and LPI will
contribute $27.5 million in cash to the Maricunga JV to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the
completion of a definitive feasibility study in late 2018. Following the completion of the Transaction, the Company will own a
direct 17.67% equity interest of the Maricunga JV, with LPI and MSB owning 50.0% and 32.33%, respectively. The Company will be
entitled to appoint one director of the Maricunga JV (so long as it holds at least 10% of the equity interests of the joint venture),
with LPI and MSB holding three and two director seats, respectively. 

On September 1, 2016, LPI announced that
it had satisfactorily completed the legal and technical due diligence regarding the Maricunga JV.  

NOTE 6. NOTES PAYABLE  

On January 29, 2016, the Company executed
a non-binding letter of intent ( LOI ) with Wealth Minerals Ltd ( Wealth ) for a transaction between the
companies and on signing the LOI, the Company received a payment of $50,000 from Wealth which was recorded as notes payable in
the consolidated balance sheet. On March 22, 2016, the parties extended the LOI for an additional 60 days and on April 29, 2016,
the Company received a further payment of $150,000 from Wealth, also recorded as notes payable in the consolidated balance sheet.
As of September 30, 2016, and June 30, 2016, the Company has recorded notes payable to Wealth of $200,000. 

If the transaction is completed, the payments
from Wealth will remain a non-interest bearing shareholder loan. If the transaction is terminated by Li3, the Company is required
to repay the amounts within 30 days. If the transaction is terminated by Wealth, the payments will be converted into common shares
of Li3 at a price equal to the greater of $0.02 per share or the 10-day volume weighted average price of the common shares of Li3
as quoted on the OTCBB. 

On November 15, 2016, the Company entered
into an agreement with Wealth pursuant to which the LOI with Wealth was terminated and the Company s obligation to repay
the notes payable to Wealth of $200,000 was also terminated. 

NOTE 7. CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE  

During May 2016, the Company issued unsecured
convertible promissory notes to various individuals for aggregate proceeds of $525,000, bearing an interest rate of 10% per annum,
due 12 months from the date of issuance and convertible at a price of $0.0125 per share. The Company assessed the embedded
conversion feature and determined that the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature at inception exceeded the face
value of this note and accordingly recorded at beneficial conversion feature of $395,200. Such beneficial conversion feature was
accounted for as a debt discount, which is amortized to interest expense over the life of the note. During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded amortization of debt discount and interest expense of $99,612 and $13,233, respectively,
on these convertible notes. Total unamortized debt discount and interest accrued on the loans as of September 30, 2016 was $249,469
and $19,445, respectively. Total unamortized debt discount and interest accrued on the loans as of June 30, 2016 was $349,081 and
$6,212, respectively. 

NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES  

Warrants   

The Company determined that certain warrants
that the Company issued contained provisions that protected holders from future issuances of the Company s common stock at
prices below such warrants  respective exercise prices and these provisions could have resulted in modification of the warrants
exercise price based on a variable that was not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined
under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, all derivative warrant instruments had expired. 

Activity for derivative warrant instruments
during the three months ended September 30, 2015 was as follows: 

There were no warrants exercised during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The following is a summary of the assumptions
used in the modified lattice valuation model as of September 30, 2015: 

(1)  
      The market value of common stock is the stock price at the close of trading on the date of issuance or at period-end, as applicable.   

(2)  
      The risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the 0.5 or 1 - year Treasury Bill as of the respective offering or measurement date.   

(3)  
      The historical trading volatility was determined by the Company s trading history.   

(4)  
      Management determined the dividend yield to be -0-% based upon its expectation that it will not pay dividends for the foreseeable future.   

(5)  
      Management estimates the Company will have at least one stock offering in the next two years.   

(6)  
      Management estimates that the probability of a stock offering is 100% during the next two years.    

(7)  
      Management estimates that the range of percentages of existing shares offered in each stock offering will be 14% of the shares outstanding.   

(8)  
      Represents the estimated offering price range in future offerings as determined by management.   

NOTE 9. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Stock Option Awards   

There were no stock options issued during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. A summary of stock option activity is presented in the table below: 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The following table sets forth a reconciliation
of changes in the fair value of financial liabilities classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: 

NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

As previously discussed, on January 29,
2016, the Company executed a non-binding LOI with Wealth for a transaction between the companies under the following terms:  

Wealth will undertake an equity financing of CAD$3 million.   

Post-financing, Wealth and Li3 shareholders will each hold 50% of the new company.   

The use of proceeds of the financing will be to advance Li3's Maricunga lithium project in Chile and pursue other corporate initiatives.   

The new company will have seven Board seats, with Wealth holding four and Li3 holding the remaining three seats.  The management of Wealth will largely remain intact and Li3's current management team will support the new company as necessary.   

Wealth will have a 60-day exclusivity period to complete its due diligence and financing.   

NOTE 12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company
issued 4,967,831 shares of common stock to officers and directors for services. 

On November 15, 2016, the Company entered
into an agreement with Wealth pursuant to which the LOI with Wealth was terminated and the Company s obligation to repay
the notes payable to Wealth of $200,000 was also terminated. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operation  

This discussion contains forward-looking
statements. Please see  Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information  above and  Risk Factors  included
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC, for a discussion of the
uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements. 

You should read this discussion and analysis
together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Overview  

We are a South America based exploration
company in the lithium and potassium mining sector. We aim to acquire and develop a unique portfolio of lithium and potassium brine
projects in the Americas. 

All of our mineral rights in SLM Litio
1-6 and the Cocina Mining Concessions are held by Minera Li, of which the Company retains a 49% ownership interest. The controlling
interest in Minera Li (51%) is held by a private Chilean company, Minera Salar Blanco SpA ( MSB , previously BBL SpA). 

As of September 30, 2016, Minera Li owned
(a) a 60% interest in SLM Litio 1-6, which consists of mining concessions covering an area of approximately 1,438 hectares in the
Salar de Maricunga in northern Chile; and (b) the Cocina Mining Concessions, covering 450 hectares located adjacent to SLM Litio
1-6. 

The Company is currently evaluating additional
exploration and production opportunities. 

Going Concern  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
no source of current revenue, a cash balance on hand of $212,874 and negative working capital of $1,232,752. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

In the course of its development activities,
the Company has sustained and continues to sustain losses. The Company cannot predict if and when the Company may generate
profits.  In the event we identify commercial reserves of lithium or other minerals, we will require substantial additional
capital to develop those reserves and certain governmental permits to exploit such resources.  The Company expects to
finance its future operations primarily through future equity or debt financing. However, there exists substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern because there is no assurance that it will be able to obtain such capital,
through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be
given that any such financing, if obtained, will be adequate to meet the Company s ultimate capital needs and to support
its growth. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, then the Company s operations
would be materially negatively impacted. 

The Company s ability to complete
additional offerings is dependent on the state of the debt and/or equity markets at the time of any proposed offering, and such
market s reception of the Company and the offering terms. In addition, the Company s ability to complete an offering
may be dependent on the status of its exploration activities, which cannot be predicted. There is no assurance that capital in
any form would be available to the Company, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. 

Further, the development and exploitation
of the properties in which we have mineral interests require permits at various stages of development. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent
on its ability to obtain the necessary rights to exploit its mineral rights; meet its financial and operational obligations, to
obtain additional financing as may be required until such time as it can generate sources of recurring revenues and to ultimately
attain profitability. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of these uncertainties. 

Operational Update  

On July 20, 2016, MSB entered into an agreement
with Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), an Australian company, regarding a joint venture to explore and develop
the Maricunga Project in accordance with a term sheet dated July 14, 2016. On August 30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
with MSB, pursuant to which, the Company and MSB, as the current shareholders of Minera Li, unanimously agreed to approve the transactions
contemplated by the term sheet (the  Transaction ). 

As part of the Transaction, Mineral Li
and MSB will contribute their Maricunga lithium brine assets to a new joint venture (the  Maricunga JV ) and LPI will
contribute $27.5 million in cash to the Maricunga JV to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the
completion of a definitive feasibility study in late 2018. Following the completion of the Transaction, the Company will own a
direct 17.67% equity interest of the Maricunga JV, with LPI and MSB owning 50.0% and 32.33%, respectively. The Company will be
entitled to appoint one director of the Maricunga JV (so long as it holds at least 10% of the equity interests of the joint venture),
with LPI and MSB holding three and two director seats, respectively. 

On September 1, 2016, LPI announced that
it had satisfactorily completed the legal and technical due diligence regarding the Maricunga JV. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, work was undertaken on a preliminary work program for the Maricunga Project to expand the work performed on SLM Litio
1-6 to include additional studies of the Cocina Mining Concessions and the extent of the whole salar. Phase 1 of the exploration
plan commenced in September 2016 and includes the drilling of 16 diamond drill holes and 2 pumping wells within the Cocina Mining
Concessions, the development of a pilot plant engineering report and the completion of a NI 43-101 technical report, aimed at further
expanding the existing lithium resource. Phase 1 is scheduled to be completed by March 2017. 

Strategic Plan  

Our objective is to become an integrated
chemical company through the strategic acquisition and development of lithium and potassium assets, as well as other assets that
have by-product synergies. Part of our strategic plan is to ensure Minera Li explores and develops the existing Maricunga Project
while simultaneously identifying other synergistic opportunities with new projects with production potential that could also be
advanced in an accelerated manner, with the goal of becoming a company with valuable lithium, potassium and other industrial minerals
properties. Our primary objective is to become a low-cost lithium and potash producer utilizing improved technologies for
the extraction of lithium and potash from brines. 

Along with our strategic partners MSB and
LPI, we are fully committed to advancing the Maricunga Project to the stage of full permitting, including environmental, social,
and construction permits, and all other studies required on the project. 

Results of Operations  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues  

We had no revenues during the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015.  

Loss from Minera Li equity investment  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we incurred a loss from equity method investments of $65,120 compared to a loss of $213,384 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. This reflects our share of the losses incurred by Minera Li for each period. 

General and administrative expenses  

Our general and administrative expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

We incurred general and administrative
expenses of $218,723 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to general and administrative expenses of $176,543
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a $42,180 increase. The increase in general and administrative expenses is
mainly a result of: 

An increase in legal fees of $55,262 mainly due to legal advice regarding transactions with MSB and LPI during the three months ended September 30, 2016;   

An increase in other professional fees of $11,041 mainly due to services provided in relation to an economic opinion on the Minera Li properties;    

A decrease in directors  fees of $12,668 following the resignation of 3 directors; and    

Other expense  

Other expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $124,815 and $68,327, respectively. The increase in other expense is a result of an increases in
interest expenses and lossed on foreign currency transactions, partially offset by a reduction in loss on change in fair value
of derivative liability   warrant instruments. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2015, we recorded a loss of $49,380 due to the change in fair value of derivative liability - warrant instruments. All of our
remaining warrant instruments expired unexercised during the year ended June 30, 2016, and therefore, there was no activity for
derivative liabilities during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

We recorded a loss on foreign currency
transactions of $2,221 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a gain on foreign currency transactions of
$6,414 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The loss on and gain on foreign currency transactions during both periods
were related to our operations in Chile. 

Net interest expense amounted to $122,594
and $25,361 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase is mainly due to amortization
of the beneficial conversion feature on convertible debt of $99,612 recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We are primarily engaged in exploration
and acquisition of new properties and do not generate income from operations currently. As of September 30, 2016, our only
source of liquidity had been debt and equity financing. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

Although the Company continues to seek
investment in certain other mining properties, any such properties that we may acquire will require exploration and development
that could take years to complete before such properties begin to generate revenues. There can be no assurances that we will be
successful in acquiring such properties or that if we do complete acquisitions, properties acquired will be successfully developed
to the revenue producing stage. If we are not successful in our proposed mining operations, our business, results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition will suffer materially. 

Various factors outside of our control,
including the price of lithium, potassium nitrate and other minerals, overall market and economic conditions, the volatility in
equity markets may limit our ability to raise the capital needed to execute our plan of operations. These or other factors could
adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. As a result of an inability to raise additional capital, our short-term
or long-term liquidity and our ability to execute our plan of operations could be significantly impaired. 

Common Stock Subject to Rescission  

On March 19, 2012, the Securities and Exchange
Commission declared effective a registration statement that we had filed to cover the resale of shares previously issued and sold
(or to be issued upon the exercise of warrants). On March 1, 2013, we filed a post-effective amendment for that registration statement
that included our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2012 as had been filed on our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2012 (the  2012 Annual Report ). We believe that the filing of the post-effective
amendment fulfilled our obligation to update the registration with current financial information pursuant to Section 10(a)(3) of
the Act. However, there were approximately three months when our registration statement contained financial information that was
not current. During that period, 65,000 shares were sold pursuant to that prospectus in open market transactions which may have
violated Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, as a result, the purchasers of those shares may have rescission
rights or claims for damages. Accordingly, we have reduced shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 by $3,041, the total
amount that we would have to refund if all the purchasers of those shares exercised their rescission right. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

As a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide disclosures under this Item 3. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of disclosure of controls
and procedures  

We carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of
September 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Changes in internal controls over financial reporting   

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    
                                         Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. 

We are currently not aware of any pending
legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings
that are contemplated by any governmental authority. 

Item 1A.     Risk
                                         Factors  

There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed
in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of the Form 10-K we filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016. 

Item 2.       Unregistered
                                         Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3.       Defaults
                                         upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.      Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures  

Mine Safety and Health Administration Regulations  

We consider health, safety and environmental
stewardship to be a core value for the Company. 

Our Chilean exploration properties are
not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety
and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ). Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of
a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding
specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities.
During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, despite the fact Li3 Energy, Inc. is outside the Mine Act jurisdiction, the
Company had no such specified health and safety violations, orders or citations, related assessments or legal actions, mining-related
fatalities, or similar events in relation to our operations requiring disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 5.     Other
                                         Information  

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

(1)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s current report
on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date:  November 21, 2016  
      LI3 ENERGY, INC.   

By:  
      /s/ Luis F. Saenz   

Luis F. Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/ Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452964_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A- 14(A) AND 15(D)
- 14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Luis F. Saenz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Li3 Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 21, 2016  
      /s/ Luis F. Saenz   

Luis F. Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452964_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A - 14(A) AND 15(D)
- 14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Luis Santillana, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Li3 Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 21, 2016  
      /s/  Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452964_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Luis F. Saenz, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Li3 Energy, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Quarterly
Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Li3 Energy, Inc. 

Date:  November 21, 2016  
      /s/ Luis F. Saenz   

Luis F. Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement will be retained by Li3 Energy, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452964_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Luis Santillana, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Li3 Energy, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Quarterly
Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Li3 Energy, Inc. 

Date:  November 21, 2016  
      /s/ Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement will be retained by Li3 Energy, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lieg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lieg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lieg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lieg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lieg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lieg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

