<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_40730_0001193125-16-765927_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2896792</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237619</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>193885</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>447273</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1267281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>641865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765927.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110162049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765927
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Motors Liquidation Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		IRS NUMBER:				380572515
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00043
		FILM NUMBER:		161988315

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 RENAISSANCE CTR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48265-3000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		313 556-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 RENAISSANCE CTR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48265-3000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL MOTORS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930816

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765927.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d262248d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from                    to
                          Commission File
No. 001-00043             
  Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware  
   
  45-6194071   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (IRS Employer  
  Identification No.)    

c/o Wilmington Trust Company,  
  as trust administrator and trustee  
  Attn: David A. Vanaskey, Jr., Vice President  
  Rodney Square North     1100
North Market Street     Wilmington, Delaware   
   
  19890-1615   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (302) 636-6019   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No    *    Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a
court.    Yes       No    *      

* 
 The registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but has filed all reports required pursuant to the no-action letter of the Securities and
Exchange Commission to the registrant dated May 23, 2012.        

Table of Contents  

   MOTORS LIQUIDATION COMPANY GUC TRUST   
    FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
    
  Financial Statements  

Condensed Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis), September
 30, 2016 (unaudited) and March 31, 2016   

1 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis),
 Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

2 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Liquidation Basis), Six Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

3 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)  

4 

Item 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis  

18 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

40 

Item 4. 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

40 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

41 

Item 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

44 

Item 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

47 

Item 3. 
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

47 

Item 4. 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

47 

Item 5. 
    
  Other Information  

47 

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

48 

Table of Contents  

    Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust  
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS IN LIQUIDATION (LIQUIDATION BASIS)  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

    Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust  
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS IN LIQUIDATION (LIQUIDATION BASIS) (UNAUDITED)  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

    Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust  
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (LIQUIDATION BASIS) (UNAUDITED)  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
   The GUC Trust has not presented a reconciliation from net income to cash flow from operations. As an entity in liquidation,
the GUC Trust does not have continuing operations that result in the measurement of net income as that term is used by generally accepted accounting principles to measure results of operations.  
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

    Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust  
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016      

1.  
  Description of Trust and Reporting Policies       The Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust ( GUC
Trust ) is a successor to Motors Liquidation Company (formerly known as General Motors Corp.) ( MLC ) for the purposes of Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Bankruptcy Code ). The GUC Trust holds,
administers and directs the distribution of certain assets pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Second Amended and Restated Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust Agreement (the  GUC Trust Agreement ), dated as of July 30, 2015,
and as amended from time to time, and pursuant to the Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan (the  Plan ), dated March 18, 2011, of MLC and its debtor affiliates (collectively, along with MLC, the  Debtors ), for the benefit
of holders of allowed general unsecured claims against the Debtors ( Allowed General Unsecured Claims ).    The GUC Trust was formed on
March 30, 2011, as a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, for the purposes of implementing the Plan and distributing the GUC Trust s distributable assets. Wilmington Trust Company serves as trustee and trust
administrator of the GUC Trust (in such capacity, and not in its individual capacity, the  GUC Trust Administrator ), and FTI Consulting, Inc. serves as trust monitor of the GUC Trust (in such capacity, and not in its individual capacity,
the  GUC Trust Monitor ). Prior to the liquidation in July and August 2015 of all New GM Securities (as defined below) then held by the GUC Trust (pursuant to the Liquidation Order (as defined below)), the Plan (as qualified by the
Liquidation Order) generally provided for the distribution of certain shares of common stock ( New GM Common Stock ) of the new General Motors Company, formerly known as NGMCO, Inc. ( New GM ) and any associated Dividend Cash (as
defined below) and certain warrants for the purchase of shares of such stock (the  New GM Warrants,  and, together with the New GM Common Stock, the  New GM Securities ) to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims pro rata by
the amount of such claims. Since such liquidation of the New GM Securities, distributions to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims consist entirely of cash distributions in lieu of New GM Securities. In addition, prior to the qualification by
the Liquidation Order and the resulting subsequent liquidation of New GM Securities, the Plan provided that each holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim would obtain, in the form of GUC Trust Units (as defined below), a contingent right to
receive, on a pro rata basis, additional shares of New GM Common Stock (and associated Dividend Cash) and New GM Warrants (if and to the extent such New GM Common Stock and New GM Warrants were not required for the satisfaction of previously
Disputed General Unsecured Claims (as defined in Note 2), Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims (as defined in Note 2) or liquidation for the payment of the expenses and liabilities of the GUC Trust), and certain cash, if any, remaining at the
dissolution of the GUC Trust. Since the aforementioned liquidation of all New GM Securities previously held by the GUC Trust, the holders of GUC Trust Units have a contingent right to receive additional cash, in lieu of New GM Securities, if any,
remaining at the dissolution of the GUC Trust.    By order dated July 2, 2015 (the  Liquidation Order ), the Bankruptcy Court approved the
conversion of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities into cash. To effect such conversion, on July 7, 2015, the GUC Trust converted all of its holdings of New GM Warrants into New GM Common Stock in a cashless exercise. In total,
the GUC Trust converted (i) 10,352,556 New GM Series A Warrants (defined below) into 7,407,155 shares of New GM Common Stock, and (ii) 10,352,556 New GM Series B Warrants (defined below) into 4,953,635 shares of New GM Common Stock.
Thereafter, the GUC Trust sold all of its holdings of New GM Common Stock for net proceeds aggregating $741.7 million, having completed all such sales on August 5, 2015. As a result, all distributions by the GUC Trust thereafter in respect of
any Allowed General Unsecured Claims (including in respect of the GUC Trust Units) are made solely in cash. Pursuant to the Liquidation Order, the proceeds of such liquidations (net of applicable costs, fees, and expenses paid in respect thereof)
were allocated to the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust on a pro rata basis in the following manner:      

(a) 
 A GUC Trust beneficiary s entitlement to a particular number of New GM Warrants that were exercised was converted into an entitlement to receive the number of shares of New GM Common Stock into which such New GM
Warrants were exercised. Such conversions were 0.71549 shares of New GM Common Stock for each New GM Series A Warrant and 0.47849 shares of Common Stock for each New GM Series B Warrant; and    

(b) 
 A GUC Trust beneficiary s entitlement to a particular number of shares of New GM Common Stock that were liquidated (including the exercised New GM Warrants as set forth above), was converted into an entitlement to
receive an amount of cash equal to the weighted average sales price (net of any applicable costs, fees, and expenses paid in respect thereof) of all of the New GM Common Stock sold, multiplied by the number of shares of New GM Common Stock to which
such GUC Trust beneficiary would otherwise be entitled (including exercised New GM Warrants as set forth above). Such weighted average sales price for the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Common Stock that were sold subsequent to June 30,
2015 was $31.23 per share.      Following the liquidation described above, the GUC Trust has invested most of the proceeds in certain marketable
securities as permitted under the GUC Trust Agreement. The amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to GUC Trust beneficiaries, including Dividend Cash, is referred to herein as Distributable Cash.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

  The GUC Trust exists solely for the purpose of resolving claims, distributing Distributable Cash (following the
aforementioned liquidation of all New GM Securities) and winding down the affairs of MLC, all in accordance with a plan of liquidation of MLC approved by the Bankruptcy Court and the Liquidation Order. Accordingly, the GUC Trust has prepared the
accompanying financial statements on the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). Under the liquidation basis of accounting, assets are stated at their
estimated realizable value, which is the non-discounted amount of cash into which an asset is expected to be converted during the liquidation period, while liabilities continue to be recognized at the amount required by other U.S. GAAP, and are not
remeasured to reflect any anticipation that an entity will be legally released from an obligation. Additionally, under the liquidation basis of accounting, a reserve is established for estimated costs expected to be incurred during the liquidation
period. Such costs are accrued when there is a reasonable basis for estimation. Also, an accrual is made for estimated income or cash expected to be received over the liquidation period to the extent that a reasonable basis for estimation exists.
These estimates are periodically reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. The valuation of assets at realizable value, the accrual for investment income on marketable securities expected to be received over the liquidation period, reserves for residual
wind-down claims and reserves for expected liquidation costs represent estimates, are based on present facts and circumstances known to the GUC Trust Administrator, and are subject to change.  
 As described above, the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust are future holders and, to the extent their liquidating distributions have not yet been paid to them,
current holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and future and current holders of GUC Trust Units ( Trust Beneficiaries ). As Disputed General Unsecured Claims are resolved and allowed and thereby become Allowed General Unsecured
Claims, the holders thereof become entitled to receive liquidating distributions of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) and GUC Trust Units pro rata by the amount of such claims. Upon such occurrence, the GUC Trust incurs an obligation
to distribute Distributable Cash and, accordingly, liquidating distributions payable are recorded in the amount of Distributable Cash (previously the fair value of New GM Securities) that the GUC Trust is obligated to distribute as of the end of the
period in which the Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims are resolved as Allowed General Unsecured Claims. Similarly, to the extent that additional Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims were to arise (and would
become allowed) in the manner described in Note 2, liquidating distributions payable would be recorded for the Distributable Cash (including the related Dividend Cash), that would become distributable to holders of Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims
upon such occurrence. Prior to the resolution and allowance of Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims, liabilities are not recorded for the conditional obligations associated with Disputed General Unsecured Claims
and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims. Rather, the beneficial interests of GUC Trust beneficiaries in the residual assets of the GUC Trust are reflected in Net Assets in Liquidation of the GUC Trust in the financial statements.  
 The accompanying (a) condensed statement of net assets in liquidation at March 31, 2016, which has been derived from audited financial statements,
and (b) the unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
statements. The GUC Trust believes all adjustments, normal and recurring in nature, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The changes in net assets in liquidation for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the changes in net assets that may be expected for the full year. The GUC Trust believes that, although the disclosures contained herein are adequate to prevent the information presented from being misleading, the
accompanying interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the GUC Trust s financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2016 included in Form 10-K filed by the GUC Trust with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 25, 2016.    The preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the GUC Trust Administrator to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and are subject to change.    Changes to U.S. GAAP are made by the
FASB in the form of accounting standards updates (ASU s) to the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification. The GUC Trust considers the applicability and impact of all ASU s. ASU s not noted herein were assessed and determined to
be not applicable.      

2.  
  Plan of Liquidation       On March 31, 2011, the date the Plan became effective (the  Effective
Date ), there were approximately $29,771 million in Allowed General Unsecured Claims. In addition, as of the Effective Date, there were approximately $8,154 million in disputed general unsecured claims which reflects liquidated disputed claims
and a Bankruptcy Court ordered distribution reserve for unliquidated disputed claims ( Disputed General Unsecured Claims ), but does not reflect potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims. The total aggregate amount of general unsecured
claims, both allowed and disputed, asserted against the Debtors, inclusive of the potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims, was approximately $39,425 million as of the Effective Date.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement, holders of Disputed General Unsecured Claims become entitled to receive a
distribution of Distributable Cash from the GUC Trust if, and to the extent that, such Disputed General Unsecured Claims become Allowed General Unsecured Claims. Under the GUC Trust Agreement, the GUC Trust Administrator has the authority to file
objections to such Disputed General Unsecured Claims and such claims may be prosecuted through alternative dispute resolution proceedings, including mediation and arbitration ( ADR Proceedings ), if appropriate. As of September 30,
2016, there was one remaining Disputed General Unsecured Claim of approximately $20.0 million to which the GUC Trust had objected (the  Remaining Disputed Claim ). Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the legal remedies of the claimant
holding the Remaining Disputed Claim were effectively exhausted. The GUC Trust intends to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking to expunge the Remaining Disputed Claim from the Debtors  claims register. In addition, as of
September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust held as reserves for Disputed General Unsecured Claims approximately $50.0 million in claim amount that is not associated with any particular claim, but which has been set aside by the GUC Trust Administrator
as a general claim contingency. See  Allowed and Disputed Claims  below.    To the extent that all or a portion of a Disputed General Unsecured
Claim is deemed invalid or  disallowed  by order of the Bankruptcy Court, by order of the tribunal presiding over the ADR Proceeding (if applicable), or by settlement with the GUC Trust, such portion of the Disputed General
Unsecured Claim that is disallowed is not entitled to a distribution from the GUC Trust (subject to any appeal rights of the claimant). However, to the extent that a Disputed General Unsecured Claim is fully resolved, and such resolution results in
all or a portion of the original Disputed General Unsecured Claim being deemed valid or  allowed  by order of the Bankruptcy Court, by order of the tribunal presiding over the ADR Proceeding (if applicable), or by settlement with
the GUC Trust, such portion of the Disputed General Unsecured Claim that is allowed will be (subject to any appeal rights of the GUC Trust) considered an Allowed General Unsecured Claim on the Effective Date (such claims,  Resolved Disputed
Claims ).    Only one avoidance action, captioned Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Co. v. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. et
al., Adv. Pro. No. 09-00504 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. July 31, 2009) (the  Term Loan Avoidance Action ), was commenced prior to the statutory deadline for commencing such actions. The Term Loan Avoidance Action was commenced by the
Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Company (the  Committee ), and, among other things, seeks the return of approximately $1.5 billion that had been transferred by the Debtors (with funds advanced after the
commencement of the Debtors  chapter 11 cases by the United States Treasury and Export Development Canada (together, the  DIP Lenders )) to a consortium of prepetition lenders pursuant to the terms of the order of the Bankruptcy
Court. On December 15, 2011, in accordance with the Plan, upon the dissolution of MLC, the Term Loan Avoidance Action was transferred to the Avoidance Action Trust (as defined below). Pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement, to the extent that
Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as the trustee and trust administrator of the Avoidance Action Trust (the  Avoidance Action Trust Administrator ), is successful in obtaining a recovery by
way of judgment or settlement from the defendants to the Term Loan Avoidance Action, such defendants shall receive an Allowed General Unsecured Claim against the GUC Trust in the amount so disgorged to the Avoidance Action Trust (such general
unsecured claims  Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims,  and together with Resolved Disputed Claims, the  Resolved Allowed Claims ).    As
described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), the Committee, the DIP Lenders and the Avoidance Action Trust have reached a settlement agreement concerning, among other things, the allocation of potential distributable recoveries
from the Term Loan Avoidance Action. The Bankruptcy Court approved the settlement agreement in an opinion and order entered on August 24, 2016 (the  Approval Order ). The Approval Order is in effect, but is the subject of an
appeal pending before the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Regardless of the outcome of the pending appeal, no funds reclaimed from the pre-petition lenders in the Term Loan Avoidance Action will be transferred to or
otherwise benefit the GUC Trust or be distributed on account of GUC Trust Units.      GUC Trust Distributable Assets    
 Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court authorized the distribution by New GM of 150 million shares of New GM Common Stock, warrants to
acquire 136,363,635 newly issued shares of New GM Stock with an exercise price set at $10.00 per share, expiring July 10, 2016 ( New GM Series A Warrants ), and warrants to acquire 136,363,635 newly issued shares of New GM Stock with
an exercise price set at $18.33 per share, expiring July 10, 2019 ( New GM Series B Warrants ). Record ownership of the New GM Securities was held by MLC for the benefit of the GUC Trust until the dissolution of MLC on
December 15, 2011, at which time record ownership was transferred to the GUC Trust.    As described above, pursuant to the Liquidation Order, during
July and August 2015, all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities were liquidated and, following such liquidation, the GUC Trust s Distributable Assets principally consist of Distributable Cash. Such Distributable Cash is
primarily invested in certain marketable securities as permitted under the GUC Trust Agreement and the balance is held in cash and cash equivalents.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  Prior to the liquidation of all its holdings of New GM Common Stock, the GUC Trust received dividends on such New
GM Common Stock aggregating $24.7 million. Such dividends are required to be applied to the same purpose as the New GM Common Stock to which such dividends relate. If the portion of Distributable Cash applicable to the proceeds from the liquidation
of New GM Common Stock is distributed to holders of subsequently allowed Disputed General Unsecured Claims and GUC Trust Units, then the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash will also be distributed to such holders. If, however,
Distributable Cash is appropriated in accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement to fund the costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust, then, in that case, the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash will be applied to such costs and liabilities of
the GUC Trust and (just like the appropriated Distributable Cash) will be maintained as Other Administrative Cash (as defined below). Because such dividends are applied to the same purposes as the associated Distributable Cash, any references in
this Form 10-Q to Distributable Cash should be understood to include the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash, unless expressly indicated otherwise. The amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by the GUC Trust
that relates to dividends received by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust is referred to as Dividend Cash and is included in the amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to
GUC Trust beneficiaries that is referred to herein as Distributable Cash (except to the extent of dividends relating to appropriated Distributable Cash that is classified as Other Administrative Cash following such appropriation).  
   Funding for GUC Trust Costs of Liquidation      The
GUC Trust has incurred and will continue to incur certain costs to liquidate the trust assets and implement the Plan. On or about the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan, MLC contributed approximately $52.7 million to the GUC Trust to be held and
maintained by the GUC Trust Administrator (the  Administrative Fund ) for the purpose of paying certain fees and expenses (including certain tax obligations) incurred by the GUC Trust (including fees of the GUC Trust Administrator and the
GUC Trust Monitor and the fees and expenses for professionals retained by the GUC Trust), other than the Reporting Costs, as defined below ( Wind-Down Costs ). As of September 30, 2016, the remaining Administrative Fund aggregated
$7.8 million (consisting of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities). Such remaining amount of the Administrative Fund has been designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust,
and such amount may not be used for the payment of Trust Professionals fees and expenses or other Wind-Down Costs. Pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement, cash or investments from the Administrative Fund, if any, which remain at the winding up and
conclusion of the GUC Trust must be returned to the DIP Lenders. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust Administrator determined to return $6.0 million of the remaining Administrative Fund to the DIP Lenders during November 2016. Such
pending return is associated with a potential tax liability that the GUC Trust Administrator, in consultation with its Trust Professionals, had determined would not be incurred, and therefore would not be expended by the GUC Trust.  
 The GUC Trust Agreement authorized the GUC Trust to liquidate approximately $5.7 million of New GM Securities (the  Initial Reporting Cash ) shortly
after the Effective Date for the purposes of funding certain fees and expenses of the GUC Trust (the  Reporting Costs ), including those directly or indirectly relating to (i) reports to be prepared and filed by the GUC Trust pursuant
to applicable rules, regulations and interpretations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) the transfer, registration for transfer and certification of GUC Trust Units, (iii) the application by the Committee to the Internal
Revenue Service for a private letter ruling regarding the tax treatment of the GUC Trust and the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims in respect to the distribution of New GM Securities, and (iv) certain legal proceedings relating to the
Term Loan Avoidance Action. The GUC Trust Agreement provides that the Administrative Fund may not be utilized to satisfy any Reporting Costs.    The GUC
Trust Agreement provides that, if the GUC Trust Administrator determines that the Administrative Fund is not sufficient to satisfy the current or projected Wind-Down Costs or the Initial Reporting Cash is not sufficient to satisfy the current or
projected Reporting Costs, the GUC Trust Administrator, with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor, is authorized to set aside Distributable Cash from distribution for these purposes. The GUC Trust Administrator may then appropriate such
Distributable Cash to fund the Wind-Down Costs and/or Reporting Costs with the required approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Distributable Cash that is set aside and/or appropriated in this manner will not be available for distribution to the
beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units, and any appropriation of Distributable Cash (including related Dividend Cash) will be classified as  Other Administrative Cash  under the GUC Trust Agreement. The setting aside (or appropriation) of
Distributable Cash, including Dividend Cash, itself is not, and has not been, reflected in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation or any of the other financial statements of the GUC Trust. Separate from this process of setting aside (or
appropriating) Distributable Cash to satisfy unfunded projected costs and expenses of the GUC Trust, as a matter of financial reporting, the GUC Trust records reserves in its Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation (the source of funding of which is
not addressed therein) for all expected costs of liquidation for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation. For this reason, among others, there is not a direct relationship between the amount of such reserves reflected in the Statement of
Net Assets in Liquidation and the amount of any Distributable Cash that is set aside (or appropriated) for current or projected costs and expenses of the GUC Trust. Adjustments to the Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation as reported in the
Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation are recorded only when there is a reasonable basis for estimation of the expected incurrence of additional costs or a reduction in expected costs. For more information regarding the Reserves for Expected Costs
of Liquidation reflected in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation, see Note 6.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Prior to the aforementioned liquidation of all New GM Securities in July and August 2015, the GUC Trust was
authorized, with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor, to set aside from distribution New GM Securities for the funding purposes described above and to sell such set aside New GM Securities with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Bankruptcy
Court previously approved in March and December 2012, and again in January 2015, the sale of New GM Securities to fund the then current and projected costs and expenses of the GUC Trust. The March 2012 Bankruptcy Court order also authorized the sale
of further New GM Securities aggregating $13.7 million for the purpose of funding certain fees, costs and expenses of the Avoidance Action Trust and the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Avoidance Action Trust (such sale proceeds were so
transferred in May 2012). Prior to the aforementioned liquidation of all New GM Securities, sales of New GM Securities to fund projected Wind-Down Costs and Reporting Costs through calendar year 2015 aggregated approximately $61.7 million, including
Dividend Cash of $0.2 million and the Initial Reporting Cash (which amounts comprised part of the GUC Trust s Other Administrative Cash). Such securities sold aggregated 1,043,801 shares of New GM Common Stock, 948,887 New GM Series A Warrants
and 948,887 New GM Series B Warrants. In December 2015, the Bankruptcy Court approved the appropriation of Distributable Cash aggregating approximately $12 million to fund the projected costs and expenses of the GUC Trust for calendar year 2016.
Such appropriation reduced Distributable Cash and increased Other Administrative Cash. As of September 30, 2016, Other Administrative Cash aggregated $9.2 million. To the extent that any of the Other Administrative Cash is not ultimately
required and is held by the GUC Trust at the time of its dissolution, such remaining Other Administrative Cash will be distributed by the GUC Trust to holders of GUC Trust Units.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Distributable Cash of $41.4 million was set aside for projected GUC Trust fees, costs and expenses to be incurred beyond 2016.
Accordingly, such Distributable Cash is not available for distribution to the beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units. Set aside and/or appropriated Distributable Cash is reflected in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities in the Statement of
Net Assets in Liquidation until expended.      Funding for Potential Tax Liabilities on Dispositions of New GM Securities, Dividends on New GM Common
Stock and Investment Income      The GUC Trust is subject to U.S. federal income tax on realized net gains from the distribution and sale of New GM
Securities (such taxes,  Taxes on Distribution ). The GUC Trust is also subject to U.S. federal income tax on dividends received on New GM Common Stock held by the GUC Trust (such taxes,  Dividend Taxes ) and on investment income
earned on Distributable Cash (such taxes,  Investment Income Taxes ). The GUC Trust Agreement provides that the Administrative Fund may not be utilized to satisfy any Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or Investment Income Taxes. As
such, the GUC Trust Administrator is authorized, with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor, to set aside from distribution Distributable Cash in amounts that would be sufficient to satisfy any potential Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or
Investment Income Taxes. Any Distributable Cash that is set aside for Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes is included in the set-aside for Wind-Down Costs described above in  Funding for GUC Trust Costs of Liquidation.  The GUC
Trust Administrator may appropriate such set aside Distributable Cash to fund any such Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or Investment Income Taxes with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor and, with respect to Dividend Taxes and Investment
Income Taxes only, with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Any Distributable Cash that is appropriated in this manner will not be available for distribution to the beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units, and the appropriation of Distributable Cash
(including Dividend Cash) will be classified as  Other Administrative Cash  under the GUC Trust Agreement. Set aside and/or appropriated Distributable Cash is reflected in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities until expended
to pay Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or Investment Income Taxes. While any set-aside or appropriated Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) is not available for distribution, there is no corresponding liability or reserve related to
any such set-aside assets reflected in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation or any of the other financial statements of the GUC Trust.    Prior to the
liquidation of all New GM Securities in July and August 2015 described above, the GUC Trust was authorized, with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor, to set aside from distribution New GM Securities to fund potential Taxes on Distribution,
Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes and to sell such set aside New GM Securities to fund the Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or Investment Income Taxes with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor and, with respect to Dividend Taxes and
Investment Income Taxes only, with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Such set aside New GM Securities were included in Holdings of New GM Securities in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation.  
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust Administrator reviewed the potential Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes and Investment
Income Taxes. As a result of such review, the GUC Trust Administrator determined that no Distributable Cash should be set aside for potential Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes or Investment Income Taxes. As a result of the application of
Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, the GUC Trust s federal income tax returns for the year ended March 31, 2016, and all prior years, are no longer subject to examination and no income taxes may be assessed for the year ended
March 31, 2016, and all prior years. However, the GUC Trust s remaining capital loss carryovers and net operating loss carryovers are still subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service in subsequent years if those losses, if any,
are utilized. Such utilization is not expected as a result of the sale of all previously held New GM Securities in the year ended March 31, 2016, except potentially with respect to any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class
related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), which is not estimable at this time. Accordingly, no income taxes are expected to
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

be paid in the future, except potentially with respect to any taxes due on any recovery on the proposed settlement of the securities class action against New GM, which is not estimable at this
time. Any such recovery would only potentially generate an income tax liability in the unlikely event that the GUC Trust is required to recalculate its previously recognized capital gains and losses from the sale and distribution of New GM
Securities in prior years using a tax basis determined on December 15, 2011 (when record ownership of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC) rather than on March 31, 2011 (when beneficial ownership for
a substantial majority of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC). See Note 7 and  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   Income Taxes  in Item 2 ( Management s Discussion and
Analysis ) below for more information regarding income taxes and remaining capital and net operating loss carryovers generated in prior years that are still subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and which potentially could
succeed to Claimants (as defined below pursuant to tax rules) and the material uncertainties associated therewith. The GUC Trust Administrator intends to continue to reevaluate the amount of Distributable Cash set aside on a quarterly basis.  
 For additional information regarding set aside Distributable Cash, see  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Cash Set Aside from
Distribution  in Item 2 ( Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ) below.  
   Residual Wind-Down Claims and Costs      Upon the
dissolution of the Debtors, which occurred on December 15, 2011, the GUC Trust became responsible for resolving and satisfying (to the extent allowed) all remaining disputed administrative expenses, priority tax claims, priority non-tax claims
and secured claims (the  Residual Wind-Down Claims ). On December 15, 2011, under the Plan, the Debtors transferred to the GUC Trust an amount of assets necessary (the  Residual Wind-Down Assets ) to satisfy the ultimate
allowed amount of such Residual Wind-Down Claims (including certain reasonable litigation defense costs related to the Term Loan Avoidance Action (the  Avoidance Action Defense Costs )), as estimated by the Debtors, and the costs, fees and
expenses relating to satisfying and resolving the Residual Wind-Down Claims (the  Residual Wind-Down Costs ). The Residual Wind-Down Assets initially aggregated approximately $42.8 million (which amount consisted of approximately $40.0
million in cash, including approximately $1.4 million designated for the payment of Avoidance Action Defense Costs, and the transferred benefit of approximately $2.8 million in prepaid expenses). Should the Residual Wind-Down Claims and the Residual
Wind-Down Costs be less than the Residual Wind-Down Assets, any excess funds will be returned to the DIP Lenders. If, at any time, the GUC Trust Administrator determines that the Residual Wind-Down Assets are not adequate to satisfy the Residual
Wind-Down Claims (including the actual amount of Avoidance Action Defense Costs) and Residual Wind-Down Costs, such costs will be satisfied by Other Administrative Cash. If there is no remaining Other Administrative Cash, the GUC Trust Administrator
is authorized to, with GUC Trust Monitor approval, set aside and, with Bankruptcy Court approval, appropriate Distributable Cash to cover the shortfall. To the extent that Distributable Cash is set aside and/or appropriated to obtain funding to
complete the wind-down of the Debtors, such Distributable Cash will not be available for distribution to the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust. Therefore, the amount of Residual Wind-Down Claims and Residual Wind-Down Costs could reduce the assets of
the GUC Trust available for distribution. The setting aside or appropriation of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) itself is not reflected in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation or any of the other financial statements of the GUC
Trust. Rather, such set aside or appropriated Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) is reflected in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation until expended. After
the GUC Trust has concluded its affairs, any funds remaining that were obtained from the sale of New GM Securities or appropriation of Distributable Cash to fund the wind-down process or the resolution and satisfaction of the Residual Wind-Down
Claims will be distributed to the holders of the GUC Trust Units.    The amount of Avoidance Action Defense Costs incurred to date exceeds the corresponding
cash of $1.4 million received by the GUC Trust from MLC on the Dissolution Date by approximately $15.5 million. As a result, new Residual Wind-Down Claims have arisen in the amount of such excess. It is expected that additional Avoidance Action
Defense Costs will be incurred for which additional Residual Wind-Down Claims will arise to be paid from the other remaining Residual Wind-Down Assets and, following the depletion of such assets, the Administrative Fund (to the extent of any excess
amounts remaining in the Administrative Fund from the funds designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust), Other Administrative Cash or the appropriation of Distributable Cash. As of
September 30, 2016, Residual Wind-Down Assets aggregating $17.3 million were held by the GUC Trust and were recorded in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as
of September 30, 2016. By comparison, there were approximately $2.2 million in Residual Wind-Down Claims against such assets as of September 30, 2016, subject to increase for new Residual Wind-Down Claims that are expected to arise for
Avoidance Action Defense Costs.    In addition to the Residual Wind-Down Assets, the GUC Trust also received on the Dissolution Date approximately $3.4
million in cash from MLC, which amount included: (i) $1.4 million in respect of certain costs, fees and expenses payable under the Plan to the indenture trustees and fiscal and paying agents for the previously outstanding debt of MLC (the
 Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agent Costs ), and (ii) $2.0 million in respect of Reporting Costs. The funds received were credited to the reserve for expected costs of liquidation. Any unused portion of the funds designated
for the Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agent Costs must be returned to the DIP Lenders and will not be available for distribution to the holders of GUC Trust Units at the winding up and conclusion of the
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

GUC Trust. As of September 30, 2016, funds designated for the Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agents Costs held by the GUC Trust approximated $0.3 million and are recorded in cash and
cash equivalents in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation. None of the approximately $2.0 million in funds designated for Reporting Costs remained as of September 30, 2016.  

3.  
  Net Assets in Liquidation         Description    
 Under the GUC Trust Agreement and the Plan, as described more fully in Note 1, the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust are future and, to the extent their
liquidating distributions have not yet been paid to them, current holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and future and current holders of GUC Trust Units. Assets of the GUC Trust consisting primarily of Distributable Cash (including Dividend
Cash) as described in Note 1 are available to be distributed to the Trust Beneficiaries in accordance with the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement, except to the extent that they are set aside or appropriated for funding the expected costs of
liquidation and potential tax liabilities of the GUC Trust. The amounts of net assets in liquidation presented in the accompanying Condensed Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation correspond to the amounts of GUC Trust Distributable Assets as of
the respective dates, after certain adjustments including reductions for the amounts of set aside Distributable Cash and appropriated Distributable Cash. GUC Trust Distributable Assets aggregated approximately $577.5 million at September 30,
2016. For additional information, see  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Assets  in Item 2 ( Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ) below.  
   Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities    
 As of September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities aggregated $655.4 million and are comprised of the following:  
   
   As described in Note 4, as of September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust had accrued liquidating distributions payable aggregating
$114.0 million. Such amount includes $112.2 million of Distributable Cash that was distributable to holders of GUC Trust Units in respect of Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets as of September 30, 2016. In addition, as of September 30,
2016, the amount of Distributable Cash reflected in the table above includes $41.4 million of amounts set aside for projected GUC Trust fees, costs and expenses to be incurred beyond 2016. The aggregate amount of Distributable Cash which was pending
distribution or was set aside and was not available for distribution at September 30, 2016 was $155.4 million.      Potential Recovery in New GM
Shareholder Class Action Proposed Settlement      As described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), the GUC Trust has filed a proof
of claim with the settlement administrator in connection with a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM. The amount of potential recovery for the GUC Trust, if any, from such proposed settlement is not estimable at this time.
     Accrued Dividends on Holdings of New GM Common Stock    
 As of March 31, 2015, the GUC Trust accrued approximately $22.4 million in estimated dividends expected to be declared by New GM in the future and
received by the GUC Trust on its holdings of New GM Common Stock over its estimated remaining liquidation period. Subsequent thereto, based on a determination that it would be in the best interests of Trust Beneficiaries, the GUC Trust made the
determination to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking authority to liquidate all or substantially all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities. Such motion was approved by the Bankruptcy Court in the Liquidation Order
described above and all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities were liquidated in July and August 2015. As a result, the GUC Trust no longer expects to receive dividends on New GM Common Stock. Accordingly, the accrued dividends as of
March 31, 2015 (net of dividends received in June 2015) were reversed and no accrual of dividends has been made since March 31, 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

    Accrued Investment Income on Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities    
 As of September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust has accrued approximately $1.4 million of investment income on cash equivalents and marketable securities expected
to be earned over the remaining liquidation period in accordance with the liquidation basis of accounting. Such accrual is estimated principally based on forecasted cash outflows and expected returns based on the actual returns for the trailing
number of quarters that approximates the remaining period of forecasted cash outflows.      Potential Distributable Capital and Net Operating Loss
Carryovers      As described in  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes  in Item 2 ( Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ) below, the GUC Trust s unused capital and net operating loss carryovers potentially could succeed to Claimants (as defined below pursuant to tax rules) upon the
termination of the GUC Trust. Reference is made thereto for information regarding such potential distributable loss carryovers and the material uncertainties associated therewith.  
   Trust Units      As described in Note 1, under the
Plan, each holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim retains a contingent right to receive, on a pro rata basis, additional Distributable Cash (if and to the extent not required for the satisfaction of previously Disputed General Unsecured Claims
or potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims, or appropriation for the payment of the expenses or tax liabilities of the GUC Trust). The GUC Trust issues units representing such contingent rights ( GUC Trust Units ) at the rate of one
GUC Trust Unit per $1,000 of Allowed General Unsecured Claims to each holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim, subject to rounding pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement, in connection with the initial recognition of each Allowed General Unsecured
Claim.    The GUC Trust makes quarterly liquidating distributions to holders of GUC Trust Units to the extent that (i)(a) certain previously Disputed
General Unsecured Claims asserted against the Debtors  estates or potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims are either disallowed or are otherwise resolved favorably to the GUC Trust (thereby reducing the amount of GUC Trust assets reserved
for distribution in respect of such asserted or potential claims) or (b) certain Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets (as defined in the GUC Trust Agreement) that were previously set aside from distribution are released in the manner permitted
under the GUC Trust Agreement, and (ii) as a result of the foregoing, the amount of Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets (as defined in the GUC Trust Agreement) as of the end of the relevant quarter exceeds thresholds set forth in the GUC
Trust Agreement.    The following table presents the changes during the three months ended September 30, 2016, in the numbers of GUC Trust Units
outstanding or which the GUC Trust was obligated to issue:      

(1) 
 The number of GUC Trust Units issuable at any time represents GUC Trust Units issuable in respect of Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were newly allowed during the fiscal quarter.    

(2) 
 The number of GUC Trust Units outstanding at any time represents GUC Trust Units issued in respect of Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were allowed in prior periods, including GUC Trust Units held by the GUC Trust
for the benefit of (a) holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims who had not yet supplied information required by the GUC Trust in order to effect the initial distribution to which they are entitled and (b) governmental entities that are
precluded by applicable law from receiving distributions of GUC Trust Units.        Allowed and Disputed Claims    
 The total cumulative pro rata liquidating distributions ultimately received by Trust Beneficiaries is dependent upon the current amount of Allowed General
Unsecured Claims and final resolution of outstanding Disputed General Unsecured Claims and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims (as described in Note 2). Disputed General Unsecured Claims at September 30, 2016 reflect claim amounts at
their originally filed amounts, a court ordered distribution  set aside  for certain claims filed without a claim amount and other adjustments as ordered by the court or permitted by the Plan. The Disputed General Unsecured Claims may
settle at amounts that differ significantly from these amounts and at amounts that differ significantly from the historical pattern at which claims have been settled and allowed in proportion to claims resolved and disallowed. As described in Note
1, prior to the resolution and allowance of Disputed General Unsecured Claims (or potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims), liabilities are not recorded for the conditional obligations associated with Disputed General Unsecured Claims (or
potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims). Liquidating distributions payable are recorded in the amount of Distributable Cash (previously the fair value of New GM Securities) to be distributed as of the end of the period in which the Disputed
General Unsecured Claims are resolved as Allowed General  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Unsecured Claims. Similarly, to the extent potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims were to arise (and would become allowed) in the manner described in Note 2, liquidating distributions
payable would be recorded in the amount of Distributable Cash that would become distributable to holders of Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims upon such occurrence.  
 The following table presents a summary of activity with respect to Allowed and Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims for the
three months ended September 30, 2016:      

(1) 
 Maximum Amount of Unresolved Claims represents the sum of Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.    

(2) 
 Total Claim Amount represents the sum of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and Maximum Amount of Unresolved Claims.    
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Avoidance Action Trust reached settlements with certain defendants to the Term Loan Avoidance
Action resulting in recoveries to the Avoidance Action Trust of approximately $131,000. As a result, corresponding Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims of approximately $131,000 arose and were allowed under the GUC Trust Agreement.  

4.  
  Liquidating Distributions       Liquidating distributions in the three months ended September 30, 2016
consisted of the following:      
   Liquidating distributions in the six months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of the following:  
   
   The distributions during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of distributions to (a) holders
of Allowed General Unsecured Claims who previously failed to fulfill informational requirements for distribution established in accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement, but subsequently successfully fulfilled such information requirements and
(b) holders of certain Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.    The GUC Trust was obligated at September 30, 2016 to distribute Distributable Cash of
$114.0 million to the following: (1) holders of GUC Trust Units for excess distributions payable, (2) certain holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims who had not then satisfied certain informational requirements necessary to effect the
distribution to which they are entitled and (3) holders of certain Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims as described in Note 3.      

5.  
  Fair Value Measurements       Accounting standards require certain assets and liabilities be reported at fair
value in the financial statements and provide a framework for establishing that fair value. The framework for determining fair value is based on a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The GUC
Trust s Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities, and Liquidating Distributions Payable are presented as provided by this hierarchy.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Level 1  In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs use quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets and liabilities that the GUC Trust has the ability to access.     Level 2  Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs use other
inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, and other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly
quoted intervals.     Level 3  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs, including inputs that are available in situations where there is little, if
any, market activity for the related asset or liability. These Level 3 fair value measurements are based primarily on management s own estimates using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques taking into account
the characteristics of the asset or liability. The GUC Trust had no assets or liabilities that are measured with Level 3 inputs at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.  
 In instances where inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements in their entirety
are categorized based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation. The GUC Trust s assessment of the significance of particular inputs to these fair value measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each
asset or liability.    The GUC Trust also holds other financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including Accounts Payable and
Other Liabilities. The fair value of these liabilities approximates the carrying amounts in the accompanying financial statements due to the short maturity of such instruments.  
 The following table presents information about the GUC Trust s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016, and the valuation techniques used by the GUC Trust to determine those fair values.      
     
   The following are descriptions of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value:  

Due to their short-term liquid nature, the fair value of cash equivalents approximates their carrying value.        

Marketable securities consist of U.S. Treasury bills and U.S. government agency securities. Due to their short-term maturities, the fair value of U.S. Treasury bills approximates their carrying value. The fair value of
U.S. government agency securities is based on pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or broker quotes.        

Liquidating distributions payable are valued at the amount of cash that the GUC Trust is obligated to distribute.    
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The GUC Trust s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the actual
date of the event of change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no such transfers during the three or six months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended March 31, 2016.  

6.  
  Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation and Residual Wind-Down Claims       The following is a summary of
the activity in the reserves for expected costs of liquidation for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, estimates of expected Wind-Down Costs and estimates of expected
Reporting Costs (for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation) increased by $1.7 million and $3.6 million, respectively. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, estimates of expected Wind-Down Costs and estimates of expected
Reporting Costs (for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation) increased by $1.4 million and $3.7 million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, estimates of expected Wind-Down Costs and estimates of expected
Reporting Costs (for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation) increased by $5.7 million and $2.2 million, respectively. During the six months ended September 30, 2015, estimates of expected Wind-Down Costs and estimates of expected
Reporting Costs (for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation) increased by $7.2 million and $3.1 million, respectively. Such revisions in the estimates were recorded as additions to the reserves for expected costs of liquidation in such
periods. The GUC Trust has recorded reserves for expected costs of liquidation that represent amounts expected to be incurred over the estimated remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust for which there was a reasonable basis for estimation as
of September 30, 2016.    The amount of liquidation costs that will ultimately be incurred depends both on the time period and on the extent of
activities required for the GUC Trust to complete its functions and responsibilities under the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement. Significant uncertainty remains both as to that time period and as to the extent of those activities. As of
September 30, 2016, the recorded reserves for expected costs of liquidation reflect estimated costs for a remaining liquidation period extending through May 2018, which has been estimated predominately on a modified probability-weighted basis
as permitted under U.S. GAAP and which the GUC Trust believes is the most appropriate measurement basis under the circumstances. Where an outcome is estimated to be likely, the likely outcome has been used as the best estimate and no weight has been
given to the unlikely outcome. The remaining liquidation period is dependent predominantly on the estimate of the remaining period of time for resolution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action, as well as certain additional estimated time as necessary to
wind down the GUC Trust. It is possible that future developments in the Term Loan Avoidance Action could extend the current estimate of such remaining period of time for resolution and, therefore, extend the estimated remaining liquidation period of
the GUC Trust beyond May 2018. In addition, certain liquidation costs that are expected to be prepaid by the GUC Trust upon its dissolution have also been estimated and accrued. It is reasonably possible that the GUC Trust s estimates regarding
the costs and remaining liquidation period could change in the near term.    As described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), the GUC
Trust is participating, as an interested party, in litigation involving certain General Motors vehicle recalls. It is possible that such litigation could extend the remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust beyond May 2018.  
 The following is a summary of the activity in the reserves for Residual Wind-Down Claims for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

15  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a summary of the activity in the reserves for Residual Wind-Down Claims for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

7.  
  Income Taxes       There was no current tax benefit or provision for the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, due to cumulative net operating and capital losses, and no income taxes have been paid by the GUC Trust. There also was no deferred tax benefit or provision in such periods as a result of the establishment of a full
valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets at the beginning and end of such periods.    Deferred taxes in the accompanying Condensed Statement of
Net Assets in Liquidation at September 30, 2016 are comprised of the following components:      
   As previously disclosed, during the quarter ended September 30, 2013, the GUC Trust made a determination to file its U.S.
federal income tax returns taking the position that beneficial ownership for a substantial majority of New GM Securities was transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust on March 31, 2011, and that the tax basis of such New GM Securities should be
determined with reference to the value of such securities on such date, instead of December 15, 2011, when record ownership of the remaining New GM Securities still held by MLC was transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust. For the remaining
substantial minority of New GM Securities transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust, the GUC Trust determined that the transfer of beneficial ownership occurred on other dates for which the tax basis should be determined by reference to the value of
such securities on such dates. This new tax position resulted in an increased tax basis of the New GM Securities from the prior tax position and, therefore, reduced taxable gains and increased taxable losses on distributions and sales of New GM
Securities since March 31, 2011. The new tax position has not been sustained on examination by the Internal Revenue Service as of the date hereof. However, the GUC Trust believes, based on the available evidence and consultation with GUC Trust
professionals, that it is more likely than not that the new tax position will be sustained on examination by the Internal Revenue Service based on the technical merits of the position. Accordingly, this new tax position has been recognized in the
current and deferred income tax liabilities and the income tax provision in the GUC Trust s financial statements since the quarter ended September 30, 2013.  
 Following the GUC Trust s determination to utilize the new tax position set forth above, the GUC Trust filed its U.S. federal income tax returns for the
years ended March 31, 2013 and thereafter with the Internal Revenue Service using such new tax position. Such tax returns were accompanied by requests for prompt determination of tax liability pursuant to Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code, and the 60-day statutory notification periods set forth in Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the GUC Trust s U.S. federal income tax returns for the year ended March 31, 2016 and prior years have expired.
Accordingly, the tax liabilities set forth in the GUC Trust s U.S. federal income tax returns for the year ended March 31, 2016 and prior years are no longer subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and no income taxes can be
assessed for such years. Also, no income taxes are expected to be paid in the future as a result of the liquidation of all the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities during the year ended March 31, 2016, except potentially with respect
to any taxes due on any recoveries by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), which is not
estimable at this time. Any such recovery would only potentially generate an income tax liability in the unlikely event that the GUC Trust is required to recalculate its previously recognized capital gains and losses from the sale and distribution
of New GM Securities in prior years using a tax basis determined on December 15, 2011 (when record ownership of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC) rather than on March 31, 2011 (when beneficial
ownership for a substantial majority of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC).  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  Remaining capital loss carryovers that were generated in prior years utilizing the new tax position, which
aggregate $182.4 million, along with net operating loss carryovers generated through September 30, 2016, aggregating $110.6 million, could be subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service in subsequent years when those losses, if any,
are utilized. The GUC Trust does not expect to utilize any capital or net operating loss carryovers in the future, except with respect to any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a
securities class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), which is not estimable at this time. The capital loss carryovers begin to expire on March 31, 2017 and the net operating loss
carryovers begin to expire on March 31, 2032. These loss carryovers in the aggregate result in a deferred tax asset of $116.0 million (reflected in the table above). As described in  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   Income
Taxes  in Item 2 ( Management s Discussion and Analysis ) below, such loss carryovers potentially could succeed to Claimants (as defined below pursuant to tax rules). Reference is made thereto for information regarding such
potential distributable loss carryovers and the material uncertainties associated therewith.    A full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets
aggregating $127.0 million was established as of September 30, 2016 because, as a result of the liquidation of all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities, it has been determined that such deferred tax assets are not realizable at
this time. Such valuation allowance was increased by $5.7 million and $5.5 million from the full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets established as of June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively.  

8.  
  Related Party Transactions       In addition to serving as GUC Trust Administrator, Wilmington Trust Company
continues to serve as trustee pursuant to the indentures for certain series of previously outstanding debt of MLC. Wilmington Trust Company has received and will continue to receive certain customary fees in amounts consistent with Wilmington Trust
Company s standard rates for such service. The Bankruptcy Court previously approved the creation of a segregated fund for the purposes of funding such fees for Wilmington Trust Company, as well as the other indenture trustees and fiscal and
paying agents for previously outstanding debt of MLC. There were no such fees for Wilmington Trust Company in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 In addition, Wilmington Trust Company has also entered into certain arrangements with the GUC Trust pursuant to which it or its affiliates have previously
received, and may in the future receive, reasonable and customary fees and commissions for services other than services in the capacity of GUC Trust Administrator. Such arrangements include the provision of custodial, investment advisory and
brokerage services to the GUC Trust. The fees and commissions charged by Wilmington Trust Company and its affiliates pursuant to these arrangements are consistent with the standard fees and commissions charged by Wilmington Trust Company to
unrelated third parties in negotiated transactions. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the total amount of such fees and commissions was approximately $82,000 and $164,000, respectively. During the three and six months
ended September 30, 2015, the total amount of such fees and commissions was approximately $60,000 and $65,000, respectively.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis       The following addresses material changes in
the net assets in liquidation of the Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust, or the GUC Trust, for its second fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. It is intended to be read in conjunction with the condensed financial statements of the GUC
Trust included in Item 1 above, which we refer to as the financial statements. For additional information about the purpose and administrative operations of the GUC Trust, see the disclosure in the notes to the financial statements filed with
this Form 10-Q and in the Form 10-K filed by the GUC Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2016. A glossary of defined terms used in this Form 10-Q is provided under the heading  Glossary  below.  
  Overview     The GUC Trust is a successor to
Motors Liquidation Company (which dissolved on December 15, 2011), or MLC, for the purposes of Section 1145 of title 11 of the United States Code, or the Bankruptcy Code. The GUC Trust was initially formed on March 30, 2011, for the
purposes of implementing the Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan, or the Plan, of MLC and its affiliated debtors-in-possession, or the Debtors, which was filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, or the
Bankruptcy Court, on March 18, 2011. The Plan subsequently became effective on March 31, 2011, or the Effective Date, and, on April 18, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting the GUC Trust s request for entry of a
final decree administratively closing each of the Debtors chapter 11 cases other than the chapter 11 case of MLC.     Functions and Responsibilities of
the GUC Trust     The functions and responsibilities of the GUC Trust are governed by the Plan and the Second Amended and Restated Motors
Liquidation Company GUC Trust Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2015, or the GUC Trust Agreement. The GUC Trust is administered by Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as trust administrator and
trustee, or the GUC Trust Administrator. As set forth in the GUC Trust Agreement, the activities of the GUC Trust Administrator are overseen by FTI Consulting, Inc., solely in its capacity as trust monitor of the GUC Trust, or the GUC Trust Monitor.
Although the GUC Trust has no officers, directors or employees, the GUC Trust Administrator is authorized by the GUC Trust Agreement to engage professionals and other service providers to assist the GUC Trust Administrator in the administration of
the GUC Trust. Accordingly, the GUC Trust and GUC Trust Administrator rely on receiving accurate information, reports and other representations from such professionals and service providers and from the GUC Trust Monitor.  
 Among its other duties and obligations, the GUC Trust is obligated pursuant to the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement to (i) distribute the
assets comprising the corpus of the GUC Trust to satisfy the general unsecured claims against the Debtors that are allowed pursuant to the Plan, or the Allowed General Unsecured Claims, (ii) prosecute and resolve objections to the general
unsecured claims against the Debtors that are disputed at a given time, or Disputed General Unsecured Claims, (iii) take all necessary actions to administer the wind-down of the affairs of the Debtors, and (iv) to resolve and satisfy (to
the extent allowed) the Residual Wind-Down Claims (as defined below) assumed by the GUC Trust.     Distributions and Distributable Assets
of the GUC Trust     As of September 30, 2016, the principal assets comprising the corpus of the GUC Trust are holdings of cash and
cash equivalents and marketable securities resulting from the liquidation in July and August 2015 of the GUC Trust s previously held (i) shares of common stock of General Motors Company, or the New GM Common Stock, (ii) warrants to
acquire shares of New GM Common Stock at an exercise price of $10.00 per share that expired on July 10, 2016, or the New GM Series A Warrants, and (iii) warrants to acquire shares of New GM Common Stock at an exercise price of $18.33 per
share, expiring July 10, 2019, or the New GM Series B Warrants. The New GM Series A Warrants and the New GM Series B Warrants are referred to collectively as the New GM Warrants, and the New GM Common Stock and the New GM Warrants are referred
to collectively as the New GM Securities.    By order dated July 2, 2015, or the Liquidation Order, the Bankruptcy Court approved the
conversion of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities into cash. To effect such conversion, on July 7, 2015, the GUC Trust converted all of its holdings of New GM Warrants into New GM Common Stock in a cashless exercise. In total,
the GUC Trust converted (i) 10,352,556 New GM Series A Warrants into 7,407,155 shares of New GM Common Stock, and (ii) 10,352,556 New GM Series B Warrants into 4,953,635 shares of New GM Common Stock. Thereafter, the GUC Trust sold all of
its holdings of New GM Common Stock for net proceeds aggregating $741.7 million, having completed all such sales on August 5, 2015. As a result, all distributions by the GUC Trust thereafter in respect of any Allowed General Unsecured Claims
(including in respect of the GUC Trust Units) are made solely in cash.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the Liquidation Order, the proceeds of such liquidations (net of applicable costs,
fees, and expenses paid in respect thereof) were allocated to the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust on a pro rata basis in the following manner:      

(a) 
 A GUC Trust beneficiary s entitlement to a particular number of New GM Warrants that were exercised was converted into an entitlement to receive the number of shares of New GM Common Stock into which such New GM
Warrants were exercised. Such conversions were 0.71549 shares of New GM Common Stock for each New GM Series A Warrant and 0.47849 shares of Common Stock for each New GM Series B Warrant; and    

(b) 
 A GUC Trust beneficiary s entitlement to a particular number of shares of New GM Common Stock that were liquidated (including the exercised New GM Warrants as set forth above), was converted into an entitlement to
receive an amount of cash equal to the weighted average sales price (net of any applicable costs, fees, and expenses paid in respect thereof) of all of the New GM Common Stock sold, multiplied by the number shares of New GM Common Stock to which
such GUC Trust beneficiary would otherwise be entitled (including exercised New GM Warrants as set forth above). Such weighted average sales price for the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Common Stock that were sold subsequent to June 30,
2015 was $31.23 per share.      Following the liquidation described above, the GUC Trust has invested most of the proceeds in
certain marketable securities as permitted under the GUC Trust Agreement. The amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to GUC Trust beneficiaries, including Dividend Cash (as defined below) is referred to
herein as Distributable Cash.    The Plan, as qualified by the Liquidation Order, generally provides for the distribution of Distributable
Cash (including Dividend Cash) to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims pro rata by the amount of such claims. In that regard, the Plan provides that each holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim will obtain, in addition to an initial
distribution of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) in such amount as described below, a contingent right to receive, on a pro rata basis, additional Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) (only if and to the extent such Distributable
Cash is not required to satisfy new Allowed General Unsecured Claims or to fund the liquidation and administrative costs or income tax liabilities of the GUC Trust) available for distribution to the holders of such rights. Such rights are
represented by units of beneficial interests in the GUC Trust, or GUC Trust Units, distributed to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims in proportion to the amount of their claims, subject to certain rounding rules set forth in the Plan and
the GUC Trust Agreement.    Prior to the aforementioned liquidation of all its holdings of New GM Common Stock, the GUC Trust received
dividends on the New GM Common Stock it held as of the respective record dates aggregating approximately $24.7 million. Such dividends are required to be applied to the same purpose as the New GM Common Stock to which such dividends relate. If the
portion of Distributable Cash applicable to the proceeds from the liquidation of New GM Common Stock is distributed to holders of subsequently allowed Disputed General Unsecured Claims, allowed Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims, or GUC Trust Units,
then the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash will also be distributed to such holders. If, however, Distributable Cash is appropriated by the GUC Trust in accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement to fund the costs and liabilities of the GUC
Trust, then, in that case, the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash will be applied to such costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust and (just like the appropriated Distributable Cash) will be maintained in Other Administrative Cash (as
defined below under the heading  Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs ). Because such dividends are applied to the same purpose as the associated Distributable Cash, any references in this Form 10-Q to
Distributable Cash should be understood to include the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash, unless expressly indicated otherwise. The amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by the GUC Trust that relates to
dividends received by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust is referred to as Dividend Cash and is included in the amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to GUC Trust
beneficiaries that is referred to herein as Distributable Cash (except to the extent of dividends relating to appropriated Distributable Cash that is classified as Other Administrative Cash following such appropriation).  
 Pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement, the GUC Trust is required to make quarterly distributions to the holders of Allowed General Unsecured
Claims that were allowed during the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Under the terms of the Plan, the GUC Trust Agreement and the Liquidation Order (and subject to rounding under the Plan), and following the liquidation of the GUC Trust s
holdings of New GM Securities in July and August 2015, each $1,000 in amount of such new Allowed General Unsecured Claims is entitled to receive (upon delivery of any information required by the GUC Trust) approximately $293 in cash (which dollar
value shifts slightly due to rounding as required by the Plan), which represents the net cash value of the New GM Securities that otherwise would have been distributed to such claimant prior to entry of the Liquidation Order, together with
associated cash in lieu of fractional shares and Dividend Cash, as well as one GUC Trust Unit. Such initial distribution includes a pro rata share of Distributable Cash associated with New GM Securities that were distributed as Excess GUC Trust
Distributable Assets (as defined below) in respect of GUC Trust Units since the Effective Date of the Plan. Quarterly distributions are made to holders of newly Allowed General Unsecured Claims as promptly as practicable after the first day of the
fiscal quarter following the periods ending each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, during the life of the GUC Trust.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  In addition to the foregoing, the GUC Trust is required to make quarterly distributions in
respect of GUC Trust Units if Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets at the end of the preceding fiscal quarter exceed certain thresholds set forth in the Trust Agreement. Such distributions in respect of GUC Trust Units, if any, are made as promptly
as practicable after the periods ending each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets means (i) Distributable Cash, including Dividend Cash (only if and to the extent
such Distributable Cash (a) is not required for the satisfaction of new Allowed General Unsecured Claims and (b) has not been set aside from distribution to fund potential liquidation and administrative costs or income tax liabilities of
the GUC Trust (as described below under  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Cash Set Aside from Distribution ) and (ii) Other Administrative Cash available, if any, for distribution to the holders of GUC Trust Units.  
 As described in  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes  below, the GUC Trust s unused Loss Carryovers
(as defined below) potentially could succeed to Claimants (as defined below pursuant to tax rules) upon the termination of the GUC Trust. Reference is made thereto for information regarding such potential distributable Loss Carryovers and the
material uncertainties associated therewith.     Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs   
 As of the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan, MLC funded approximately $52.7 million in cash to the GUC Trust, or the Administrative Fund, to be held and
maintained by the GUC Trust Administrator for the purpose of paying certain fees and expenses incurred by the GUC Trust (including the fees and expenses of the GUC Trust Administrator and the GUC Trust Monitor, the fees and expenses of other
professionals retained by the GUC Trust, and certain tax obligations), which are referred to as the Wind-Down Costs. The United States Department of the Treasury and the Governments of Canada and Ontario (through Export Development Canada), which
are referred to collectively as the DIP Lenders, maintain a lien on the Administrative Fund which relates to certain funds advanced at the commencement of the Debtors  insolvency proceedings. Consequently, pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement,
any cash or investments from the Administrative Fund which remain at the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust must be returned to the DIP Lenders. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining Administrative Fund aggregated $7.8 million
(consisting of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities). Such remaining amount of the Administrative Fund has been designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust, and such amount
may not be used for the payment of Trust Professionals fees and expenses or other Wind-Down Costs. As described above, any cash or investments in the Administrative Fund that remain at the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust must be returned
to the DIP Lenders. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust Administrator determined to return $6.0 million of the remaining Administrative Fund to the DIP Lenders during November 2016. Such pending return is associated with a potential
tax liability that the GUC Trust Administrator, in consultation with its Trust Professionals, had determined would not be incurred, and therefore would not be expended by the GUC Trust.  
 The GUC Trust Agreement provides that the Administrative Fund may not be utilized to fund certain specified costs, fees and expenses, which
are referred to as Reporting Costs, including those directly or indirectly relating to (i) reports to be prepared and filed by the GUC Trust pursuant to applicable rules, regulations and interpretations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC, (ii) the transfer, registration for transfer and certification of GUC Trust Units, (iii) the application by the Committee to the Internal Revenue Service for a private letter ruling regarding the tax treatment of
the GUC Trust and the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims in respect to the distribution of New GM Securities, and (iv) certain legal proceedings relating to the Term Loan Avoidance Action. In addition, the Administrative Fund cannot be
used to fund any current or projected tax liabilities of the GUC Trust, other than those included in the Administrative Fund budget. However, the GUC Trust Agreement does provide the GUC Trust Administrator with the authority to set aside from
distribution and appropriate Distributable Cash to fund such Reporting Costs and projected tax liabilities (other than those included in the budget), with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and/or the GUC Trust Monitor, in each case as described
below.    The GUC Trust Agreement affords the GUC Trust Administrator, with the approval of the GUC Trust Monitor, the authority to set
aside from distribution Distributable Cash (previously New GM Securities) in amounts sufficient to satisfy (i) current or projected Wind-Down Costs of the GUC Trust that exceed the amounts budgeted or were not budgeted in the Administrative
Fund, including any federal income taxes incurred in respect of dividends received by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust, which are referred to as Dividend Taxes, and any federal income taxes incurred on investment
income earned on Distributable Cash, which are referred to as Investment Income Taxes, (ii) current or projected Reporting Costs that exceed the then currently available funds, or (iii) any current or projected Taxes on Distribution (as
defined below). This process is not related to, and is separate from, the process of recognizing any current and deferred income tax liabilities, as well as reserves for expected costs of liquidation in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as
a matter of financial reporting, which is only required for expected costs of liquidation for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation under applicable accounting standards. See  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Reserves
for Expected Costs of Liquidation  and   Income Taxes  below.    The GUC Trust Administrator may appropriate
Distributable Cash (previously, set aside New GM Securities were sold) that has been set aside from distribution to fund (with the required approval of the Bankruptcy Court) the current or projected Wind-Down
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

Costs (including any Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes) or Reporting Costs of the GUC Trust and (with the required approval of only the GUC Trust Monitor) any current and projected Taxes
on Distribution of the GUC Trust. The cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities associated with appropriated Distributable Cash (and, previously, sold set aside New GM Securities) are referred to as Other Administrative Cash. Pursuant to
the GUC Trust Agreement, any cash and cash equivalents or marketable securities constituting Other Administrative Cash that remain at the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust will be distributed to the holders of GUC Trust Units.  
 Prior to the aforementioned liquidation of all New GM Securities in July and August 2015, the GUC Trust was authorized, with the approval of
the GUC Trust Monitor, to set aside from distribution New GM Securities for the funding of Wind-Down Costs and Reporting Costs described above and to sell such set aside New GM Securities with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Bankruptcy
Court previously approved in March and December 2012, and again in January 2015, the sale of New GM Securities to fund certain accrued and projected Wind-Down Costs which were in excess of the amounts budgeted in the Administrative Fund for such
costs, and certain projected Reporting Costs. Prior to the aforementioned liquidation of all the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities, sales of New GM Securities to fund projected Reporting Costs and Wind-Down Costs through calendar year
2015 aggregated approximately $ 61.7 million, including Dividend Cash of $0.2 million and approximately $5.7 million expressly authorized by the GUC Trust Agreement to be liquidated shortly after the Effective Date for the purposes of funding
certain Reporting Costs, which is referred to as the Initial Reporting Cash. In December 2015, the Bankruptcy Court approved the appropriation of Distributable Cash aggregating approximately $12 million to fund the projected costs and expenses of
the GUC Trust for calendar year 2016. Such appropriation reduced Distributable Cash and increased Other Administrative Cash. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $9.2 million remained in Other Administrative Cash and was recorded in cash and
cash equivalents and marketable securities in the Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as of September 30, 2016.  
  Residual Wind-Down Claims and Costs   
 In addition to resolving Disputed General Unsecured Claims, the GUC Trust Administrator is required to resolve and satisfy (to the extent
allowed) certain disputed administrative expenses, priority tax claims, priority non-tax claims, and secured claims against the Debtors, or the Residual Wind-Down Claims. Upon the dissolution and winding up of MLC on December 15, 2011, or the
Dissolution Date, the GUC Trust assumed responsibility for the resolution and satisfaction (to the extent allowed) of such Residual Wind-Down Claims. At that time, MLC transferred to the GUC Trust assets, or the Residual Wind-Down Assets, in an
amount sufficient, based upon the Debtors  reasonable estimates, to satisfy the residual Wind-Down Claims and the costs, fees and expenses related to satisfying and resolving the Residual Wind-Down Claims, or the Residual Wind-Down Costs. The
Residual Wind-Down Assets so transferred approximated $42.8 million consisting of approximately $40.0 million in cash (including approximately $1.4 million for the payment of certain defense costs related to the Term Loan Avoidance Action, or
Avoidance Action Defense Costs) and the transferred benefit of approximately $2.8 million in prepaid expenses. As of September 30, 2016, the amount of Avoidance Action Defense Costs incurred to date exceeds the corresponding cash received by
the GUC Trust from MLC on the Dissolution Date by approximately $15.5 million. As a result, new Residual Wind-Down Claims have arisen in the amount of such excess. The Term Loan Avoidance Action is currently pending before the Bankruptcy Court, and
it is expected that additional Avoidance Action Defense Costs will be incurred for which additional Residual Wind-Down Claims will arise, to be paid from the remaining Residual Wind-Down Assets and, following any depletion of such assets, the
Administrative Fund (to the extent of any excess amounts remaining in the Administrative Fund from the funds designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust), Other Administrative Cash or
appropriated Distributable Cash.    Pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement and the Plan, the Residual Wind-Down Assets are to be administered
in accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement and Plan and are to be used to satisfy and resolve the Residual Wind-Down Claims (including Avoidance Action Defense Costs) and to fund the Residual Wind-Down Costs. Any unused portions of the Residual
Wind-Down Assets must be returned to the DIP Lenders and will not be available for distribution to the holders of GUC Trust Units at the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust. If, collectively, the actual amounts of Residual Wind-Down Claims
allowed (including Avoidance Action Defense Costs in excess of the corresponding cash of $1.4 million received by the GUC Trust from MLC on the Dissolution Date) and the Residual Wind-Down Costs exceed the Residual Wind-Down Assets, the GUC Trust
Administrator may be required to set aside from distribution and appropriate Distributable Cash to fund the shortfall. Any such appropriation would reduce the amount of Distributable Cash available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units.
   As of September 30, 2016, Residual Wind-Down Assets aggregating $17.3 million were held by the GUC Trust and were recorded in cash
and cash equivalents and marketable securities in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as of September 30, 2016. A corresponding amount in the aggregate is recorded in the reserve for Residual Wind-Down Claims,
reserves for expected costs of liquidation and accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as of September 30, 2016. By comparison, there were approximately $2.2 million in
Residual Wind-Down Claims against such assets as of September 30, 2016, subject to increase for new Residual Wind-Down Claims that are expected to arise with respect to Avoidance Action Defense Costs.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Other Assets Received from MLC on the Dissolution Date   
 In addition to the Residual Wind-Down Assets, the GUC Trust also received on the Dissolution Date approximately $3.4 million in cash from MLC,
which amount included: (i) approximately $2.0 million designated for Reporting Costs and (ii) approximately $1.4 million designated for reimbursements to indenture trustees and fiscal and paying agents under the Debtors prepetition debt
issuances for costs associated with, among other things, administering distributions to registered holders of the debtors  prepetition debt issuances, or Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agents Costs. Any unused portion of such funds
designated for Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agents Costs must be returned to the DIP Lenders and will not be available for distribution to the holders of GUC Trust Units at the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust. As of
September 30, 2016, funds designated for the Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agents Costs of $0.3 million were held by the GUC Trust and are recorded in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets
in Liquidation as of September 30, 2016. A corresponding amount is recorded in the reserves for expected costs of liquidation in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation as of September 30, 2016. None of the
approximately $2.0 million in funds designated for Reporting Costs remained as of September 30, 2016.     Income Tax Liabilities for
Certain Capital Gains, Investment Income and Dividends on New GM Common Stock     The GUC Trust incurs U.S. federal income tax liabilities
on any capital gains realized upon (a) the distribution of New GM Securities to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims or GUC Trust Units, (b) by sale of New GM Securities or (c) any recoveries by the GUC Trust as a member of a
settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), unless such capital gains are offset by capital losses, deductible expenses and
accumulated net operating losses, which are referred to as Taxes on Distribution. The GUC Trust also incurs income tax liabilities on investment income and dividends received on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust, unless such
income is offset by deductible expenses and accumulated net operating losses (such income tax liabilities on dividends received on New GM Common Stock and investment income are referred to as Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes,
respectively). The GUC Trust records any current taxes payable from such realized net capital gains and interest and dividends (net of deductible operating losses and expenses) and records a deferred tax asset with a corresponding valuation
allowance (resulting in no net deferred tax asset) for net capital loss carryovers from the disposition of New GM Securities, along with net operating loss carryovers. A full valuation allowance is recorded because, as a result of the liquidation of
all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities, it has been determined that such deferred tax assets are not realizable at this time. See  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes  below. As a result of
cumulative capital and net operating losses utilizing the new tax position described below, the GUC Trust has not incurred or paid any income tax liabilities, and, as described below, the GUC Trust does not expect to incur any income tax liabilities
in the future, except potentially with respect to any taxes due on any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM referred to above, which is not estimable
at this time.    As previously disclosed, during the quarter ended September 30, 2013, the GUC Trust made a determination to file its
U.S. federal income tax returns taking the position that beneficial ownership for a substantial majority of New GM Securities was transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust on March 31, 2011, and that the tax basis of such New GM Securities should
be determined with reference to the value of such securities on such date, instead of December 15, 2011, when record ownership of the remaining New GM Securities still held by MLC was transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust. For the remaining
substantial minority of New GM Securities transferred from MLC to the GUC Trust, the GUC Trust determined that the transfer of beneficial ownership occurred on other dates for which the tax basis should be determined by reference to the value of
such securities on such dates. This new tax position resulted in an increased tax basis of the New GM Securities from the prior tax position and, therefore, reduced taxable gains and increased taxable losses on distributions and sales of New GM
Securities since March 31, 2011. The new tax position has not been sustained on examination by the Internal Revenue Service as of the date hereof. However, the GUC Trust believes, based on the available evidence and consultation with GUC Trust
professionals, that it is more likely than not that the new tax position will be sustained on examination by the Internal Revenue Service based on the technical merits of the position. Accordingly, this new tax position has been recognized in the
current and deferred income tax liabilities and the income tax provision in the GUC Trust s financial statements since the quarter ended September 30, 2013.  
 Following the GUC Trust s determination to utilize the new tax position set forth above, the GUC Trust filed its U.S. federal income tax
returns for the years ended March 31, 2013 and thereafter with the Internal Revenue Service using such new tax position. Such tax returns were accompanied by requests for prompt determination of tax liability pursuant to Section 505(b) of
the Bankruptcy Code, and the 60-day statutory notification periods set forth in Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the GUC Trust s U.S. federal income tax returns for the year ended March 31, 2016 and prior years
have expired. Accordingly, the tax liabilities set forth in the GUC Trust s U.S. federal income tax returns for the year ended March 31, 2016 and prior years are no longer subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and no
income taxes can be assessed for such years. Also, no income taxes are expected to be paid in the future as a result of the liquidation of all the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities during the year ended March 31, 2016, except
potentially with respect to any taxes due on any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM referred to above, which is not estimable at this time. Any
such recovery would only potentially generate an income tax liability in the unlikely event that the GUC Trust is required to recalculate its previously recognized capital gains and losses from the sale and distribution of New GM Securities in prior
years using a tax basis determined on December 15, 2011 (when record ownership of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC) rather than on March 31, 2011 (when beneficial ownership for a substantial
majority of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC).  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Term Loan Avoidance Action   
 On July 31, 2009, the Committee commenced a legal action against certain prepetition lenders of the Debtors, styled as Official Committee
of Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Co. v. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. et al. (Adv. Pro. No. 09-00504 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. July 31, 2009)), which is referred to as the Term Loan Avoidance Action. Among other things, the Term Loan
Avoidance Action seeks the return of approximately $1.5 billion that had been transferred to a consortium of prepetition lenders of the Debtors, pursuant to the court order approving the debtor-in-possession loans made by the DIP Lenders to MLC. On
the Dissolution Date, the Term Loan Avoidance Action was transferred to a trust established for the purpose of holding and prosecuting the Term Loan Avoidance Action, or the Avoidance Action Trust. As described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal
Proceedings ), litigation with respect to the Term Loan Avoidance Action is ongoing. The proper beneficiaries of the proceeds of the Term Loan Avoidance Action has been a matter of dispute, with both the DIP Lenders and the Committee, on
behalf of the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, claiming sole rights to such proceeds. Pursuant to the Approval Order (defined above), the Bankruptcy Court has now approved a settlement of this dispute according to which, after the
repayment by the Avoidance Action Trust of certain cash advances, any distributable proceeds are to be allocated and paid as follows: 70% to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and 30% to the DIP Lenders. The Approval Order remains
subject to a pending appeal to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Regardless of the outcome of the appeal, beneficial interests in the Avoidance Action Trust (if any) will remain with the DIP Lenders and the holders
of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, rather than beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units.    If Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual
capacity but solely in its capacity as the trustee and trust administrator of the Avoidance Action Trust, which is referred to as the Avoidance Action Trust Administrator, is successful in its prosecution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action, any
amounts recovered by the Avoidance Action Trust will, pursuant to the Plan, give rise to Allowed General Unsecured Claims on behalf of the prepetition lenders from which such amounts were recovered (as beneficiaries of the GUC Trust), which we also
refer to as Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims. (As used in this Form 10-Q, the amounts of  Disputed General Unsecured Claims  do not include any potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.) During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, the Avoidance Action Trust reached settlements with certain defendants to the Term Loan Avoidance Action resulting in recoveries to the Avoidance Action Trust of approximately $131,000. As a result, corresponding Term Loan Avoidance Action
Claims of approximately $131,000 arose and were allowed by the GUC Trust pursuant to the Plan. Unless and until further Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims arise, the potential holders of such claims will not be entitled to receive a distribution from
the GUC Trust. However, if and to the extent that such Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims do arise, the holders of such claims will be entitled to receive a distribution from the GUC Trust. As noted above, pursuant to the Plan, no funds reclaimed
from the prepetition lenders will be transferred to the GUC Trust or be distributed to holders of GUC Trust Units in respect of such GUC Trust Units. Accordingly, in the event of the successful prosecution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action by the
Avoidance Action Trust, a holder of a GUC Trust Unit that does not hold a corresponding Allowed General Unsecured Claim (because such holder received the GUC Trust Unit as a subsequent transferee and not in a direct distribution from the GUC Trust
in satisfaction of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim) will potentially have its recovery diluted through the incurrence of Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims by the GUC Trust, without receiving the benefit of any cash recovered pursuant to the Term
Loan Avoidance Action.    Pursuant to the Plan, the GUC Trust is obligated to satisfy reasonable Avoidance Action Defense Costs, subject to
the right of the GUC Trust to seek disgorgement in accordance with the terms of the Plan. As described under the heading  Residual Wind-Down Claims  above, the amount of Avoidance Action Defense Costs incurred to date
exceeds the amount of Residual Wind-Down Assets received from MLC which was designated for this purpose by approximately $15.5 million. As a result, new Residual Wind-Down Claims have arisen in the amount of such excess. As described in Part II,
Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), litigation with respect to the Term Loan Avoidance Action is ongoing, and it is expected that additional Avoidance Action Defense Costs will be incurred for which additional Residual Wind-Down Claims will
arise, to be paid from the other remaining Residual Wind-Down Assets and, following the depletion of such assets, the Administrative Fund (to the extent of any excess amounts remaining in the Administrative Fund from the funds designated for the
satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust), Other Administrative Cash or appropriated Distributable Cash.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
  Liquidation Basis of Accounting   
 The GUC Trust was created for the purposes described in Note 1 ( Description of Trust and Reporting Policies ) to the financial
statements and has a finite life. As a result, the GUC Trust has prepared its financial statements on the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). Under
the liquidation basis of accounting, assets are stated at their estimated realizable value, which is the non-discounted amount of cash into which an asset is expected to be converted during liquidation, while liabilities continue to be recognized at
the amount required by other U.S. GAAP, and are not remeasured to reflect any anticipation that an entity will be legally released from an obligation. Additionally, under the  
      23  

Table of Contents  

liquidation basis of accounting, a reserve is established for estimated costs expected to be incurred during liquidation. Such costs are accrued when there is a reasonable basis for estimation.
An accrual is also made for estimated income or cash expected to be received over the liquidation period to the extent that a reasonable basis for estimation exists. The valuation of assets at realizable value, reserves for Residual Wind-Down
Claims, reserves for expected liquidation costs and the accrual for investment income from marketable securities represent estimates, based on present facts and circumstances known to the GUC Trust Administrator, and are subject to change. These
estimates are periodically reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. As described below under the heading  Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation,  it is reasonably possible that estimates for expected costs of liquidation could change in
the near term.    As described in Note 1 ( Description of Trust and Reporting Policies ) to the financial statements, the GUC
Trust beneficiaries are future and, to the extent their liquidating distributions have not yet been paid to them, current holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and future and current holders of GUC Trust Units. As Disputed General Unsecured
Claims are resolved and allowed and thereby become Allowed General Unsecured Claims, the holders thereof become entitled to receive liquidating distributions of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) and GUC Trust Units pro rata by the amount
of such claims. Upon such occurrence, the GUC Trust incurs an obligation to distribute Distributable Cash and, accordingly, liquidating distributions payable are recorded in the amount of Distributable Cash (previously the fair value of New GM
Securities) that the GUC Trust is obligated to distribute as of the end of the period in which the Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims are resolved as Allowed General Unsecured Claims. Similarly, to the extent
Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims were to arise (and would become allowed) in the manner described in Note 2 ( Plan of Liquidation ) to the financial statements, liquidating distributions payable would be recorded for the Distributable
Cash (including the related Dividend Cash), that would become distributable to holders of Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims upon such occurrence. Prior to the resolution and allowance of Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance
Action Claims, liabilities are not recorded for the conditional obligations associated with Disputed General Unsecured Claims and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims. Rather, the beneficial interests of GUC Trust beneficiaries in the
residual assets of the GUC Trust are reflected in Net Assets in Liquidation of the GUC Trust in the financial statements.    Under the
liquidation basis of accounting, the GUC Trust presents two principal financial statements: a Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation and a Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation. In addition, although not required under the liquidation
basis of accounting, the GUC Trust also presents a Statement of Cash Flows, in accordance with the requirements of the GUC Trust Agreement.  
  Holdings of New GM Securities and Dividends on New GM Common Stock   
 The GUC Trust previously held New GM Securities for future distribution in respect of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and the GUC Trust Units,
of which some were previously set aside from distribution to fund potential administrative costs and income tax liabilities (including Taxes on Distribution, Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes). The securities held consisted of shares of New
GM Common Stock and New GM Warrants. As described above under  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust   Distributions and Distributable Assets of the GUC Trust,  pursuant to the Liquidation Order, the GUC Trust liquidated all
of its holdings of New GM Securities during July and August 2015. The GUC Trust valued its holdings in the securities at their fair value based on quoted closing market prices as of the last trading day of the fiscal period.  
 Beginning in the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and through the quarter ended March 31, 2015, estimated dividends expected to be
received on holdings of New GM Common Stock were accrued under the liquidation basis of accounting to the extent that a reasonable basis for estimation existed. During the quarter ended June 30, 2015, based on a determination that it would be
in the best interests of Trust Beneficiaries, the GUC Trust made a determination to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking authority to liquidate all or substantially all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities. Such motion
was approved by the Bankruptcy Court in the Liquidation Order described above under the heading  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust   Distributions and Distributable Assets of the GUC Trust,  and all of the GUC
Trust s holdings of New GM Securities were liquidated in July and August 2015. As a result, the GUC Trust no longer expected to receive dividends on New GM Common Stock and previously accrued estimated future dividends (net of dividends
received in June 2015) were reversed in the quarter ended June 30, 2015.    Dividends received on New GM Common Stock are required to
be applied to the same purpose as the New GM Common Stock to which such dividends relate. If the portion of Distributable Cash applicable to the liquidated New GM Common Stock is distributed to holders of subsequently Resolved Allowed Claims and GUC
Trust Units, then the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash will also be distributed to such holders. If, however, Distributable Cash is appropriated by the GUC Trust in accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement to fund the costs and
liabilities of the GUC Trust, then, in that case, the dividends relating to such appropriated Distributable Cash will be applied to such costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust and (just like the appropriated Distributable Cash) will be maintained in
Other Administrative Cash. Because such dividends are applied to the same purpose as the associated Distributable Cash, any references to Distributable Cash should be understood to include the dividends relating to such Distributable Cash, unless
expressly indicated otherwise. The amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by the GUC Trust  
      24  

Table of Contents  

that relates to dividends received by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust is referred to as Dividend Cash and is included in the amount of cash and cash
equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to GUC Trust beneficiaries that is referred to as Distributable Cash (except to the extent of dividends relating to appropriated Distributable Cash that is classified as Other
Administrative Cash following such appropriation).     Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities and Accrued Investment Income on Cash
Equivalents and Marketable Securities     Cash equivalents consist of balances held in money market funds. Marketable securities consist
of short-term investments in U.S. Treasury bills and U.S. government agency securities (only with respect to March 31, 2016). The GUC Trust has valued these securities at fair value based on carrying value for U.S. Treasury bills where carrying
value approximates fair value, and based on pricing models, quoted market prices of securities with similar characteristics or broker quotes for U.S. government agency securities. Beginning in the quarter ended June 30, 2014, estimated
investment income expected to be earned on cash equivalents and marketable securities over the remaining liquidation period is accrued under the liquidation basis of accounting to the extent that a reasonable basis for estimation exists.  
  Reserves for Residual Wind-Down Claims and Residual Wind-Down Costs   
 Upon the dissolution of MLC, which occurred on December 15, 2011, the GUC Trust became responsible for resolving and satisfying (to the
extent allowed) all remaining Residual Wind-Down Claims. On the date of dissolution of the Debtors, the Debtors transferred to the GUC Trust Residual Wind-Down Assets in an amount necessary to satisfy the ultimate allowed amount of such Residual
Wind-Down Claims (including certain Avoidance Action Defense Costs) and the Residual Wind-Down Costs, as estimated by the Debtors. Should the Residual Wind-Down Claims and the Residual Wind-Down Costs be less than the Residual Wind-Down Assets, any
excess funds will be returned to the DIP Lenders. If, collectively, the actual amounts of Residual Wind-Down Claims (including certain Avoidance Action Defense Costs) allowed and the Residual Wind-Down Costs exceed the Residual Wind-Down Assets, the
GUC Trust Administrator may be required to set aside from distribution and appropriate Distributable Cash to fund the shortfall. Any such appropriation would reduce the amount of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) available for
distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units.     Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation   
 Under the liquidation basis of accounting, the GUC Trust is required to estimate and accrue the costs associated with implementing the Plan and
distributing the GUC Trust s distributable assets. These costs, described as Wind-Down Costs and Reporting Costs in Note 2 ( Plan of Liquidation ) to the financial statements, consist principally of professional fees, costs of
governance, and other administrative expenses. These amounts may vary significantly due to, among other things, the time and effort required to complete all distributions under the Plan. The GUC Trust has recorded reserves for expected costs of
liquidation that represent estimated costs to be incurred over the remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation. The amount of liquidation costs that will ultimately be incurred depends both on
the period of time and on the extent of activities required for the GUC Trust to complete its functions and responsibilities under the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement. Significant uncertainty remains both as to that time period and as to the extent
of those activities. As of September 30, 2016, such remaining liquidation period extends through May 2018 and has been estimated predominantly on a modified probability-weighted basis, which the GUC Trust believes is the most appropriate
measurement basis under the circumstances. Where an outcome is estimated to be likely, the likely outcome has been used as the best estimate and no weight has been given to the unlikely outcome. The remaining liquidation period is dependent
predominantly on the estimate of the remaining period of time for resolution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action, as well as certain additional estimated time as necessary to wind down the GUC Trust. It is possible that future developments in the Term
Loan Avoidance Action could extend the current estimate of such remaining period of time for resolution and, therefore, extend the estimated remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust beyond May 2018.  
 As described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), the GUC Trust is participating, as an interested party, in litigation
involving certain General Motors vehicle recalls. It is possible that such litigation could extend the remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust beyond May 2018. It is reasonably possible that the GUC Trust s estimates regarding the costs
and remaining liquidation period could change in the near term.    As the GUC Trust incurs liquidation costs, the reserves are released to
offset the costs incurred and a liability to the service provider is recognized as an accounts payable or accrued expense until paid. In addition, because the GUC Trust only records reserves for expected costs for which there is a reasonable basis
for estimation under applicable U.S. GAAP, additional costs may be identified from time to time for which additional reserves must be recorded. As such costs are identified, the GUC Trust records an increase to its reserves and charges such increase
as an addition to such reserves in the Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation.    The process of recording reserves for expected
costs of liquidation as a matter of financial reporting is separate and distinct from the process by which Distributable Cash is set aside from distribution for the purposes of funding projected costs of liquidation. Such
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

projected costs are generally estimated on a more conservative (i.e., more inclusive) basis and include contingencies that are not permitted to be accrued in reserves for expected costs of
liquidation under applicable U.S. GAAP. For a more complete description of the process of setting aside Distributable Cash to fund projected costs and potential liabilities of the GUC Trust, see  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC
Trust Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs  above and  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Cash Set Aside from Distribution  below.  
  Income Taxes     The GUC
Trust is considered to be a Disputed Ownership Fund pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.468B-9. Because all of the assets that have been transferred to the GUC Trust are passive investments, the GUC Trust will be taxed as a Qualified
Settlement Fund (or QSF) pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.468B-9(c)(1)(ii). The QSF tax status of the GUC Trust has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service in a private letter ruling issued on March 2, 2011. In general, a
QSF computes taxable income in the same manner as a corporation but pays Federal income tax using trust income tax rates on its modified gross income. Modified gross income includes gross income pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 61,
less administrative expenses, certain losses from the sale, exchange or worthlessness of property, and net operating losses. In general, a Disputed Ownership Fund taxed as a QSF does not recognize gross income on assets transferred to it; therefore,
the GUC Trust has not recognized gross income on the transfer of assets from MLC.    The GUC Trust generates gross income in the form of
interest and dividend income (including dividends received on its previous holdings of New GM Common Stock) and recognizes capital gains and/or losses upon its disposition of New GM Securities and by any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a
settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), which are reduced by administrative expenses and accumulated net operating and
capital losses, to compute modified gross income. As the GUC Trust is taxable for federal income tax purposes, a current income tax liability or asset, if any, is recognized for estimated taxes payable or receivable for the year. Deferred tax
liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax accounting. Deferred tax assets are reviewed for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as
necessary.    The GUC Trust is not subject to state income taxes under current law. Accordingly, no current or deferred state income tax
liabilities and assets are recorded.    The process of recognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities and any current income taxes payable
as a matter of financial reporting is separate and distinct from the process by which any Distributable Cash is set aside from distribution for the purposes of funding potential income tax liabilities. Any such potential income tax liabilities are
generally estimated on a more conservative (i.e., more inclusive) basis and may include amounts of potential income tax liabilities beyond the amounts that are permitted to be recorded under applicable accounting standards. For a more complete
description of the process of setting aside Distributable Cash to fund projected costs and potential income tax liabilities of the GUC Trust, see  Net Assets in Liquidation  New GM Securities Set Aside from Distribution  below.  
 The GUC Trust recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits of the position, review of available evidence and consultation with GUC Trust professionals. The GUC Trust s tax liability with respect to its federal income tax
returns for the year ended March 31, 2016, and all prior years, are no longer subject to examination as a result of the application of Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. However, the amounts shown in the schedule below, which include
remaining capital loss carryovers as of March 31, 2016, along with net operating loss carryovers generated through March 31, 2016, could be subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service in subsequent years if those losses are
utilized. It is not expected that such losses will be utilized in the future, except potentially with respect to any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities class action against
New GM referred to above, which is not estimable at this time. As of September 30, 2016, there are no known items which would result in a significant accrual for uncertain tax positions.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  As of March 31, 2016, the GUC Trust had capital loss carryovers and net operating loss
carryovers (or together, the Loss Carryovers) for which the GUC Trust had not taken a deduction in the amounts set forth below, scheduled by the year the losses were incurred. These amounts reflect the Loss Carryovers shown on the federal income tax
returns filed by the GUC Trust, which have not been examined by the Internal Revenue Service, as follows:      
   As of the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the GUC Trust had disposed of all of its capital assets.
Accordingly, the GUC Trust does not expect to recognize any additional capital gains or losses going forward, except potentially with respect to any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a
securities class action against New GM referred to above, which is not estimable at this time. In general, capital losses may be carried forward by corporations for five years after such losses were incurred (or the Five Year Rule) and may be
carried forward indefinitely by non-corporate persons. Net operating losses generally may be carried forward for 20 years after such losses are incurred.  
  Loss Succession Rule   
 Under Treasury Regulations Section 1.468B-9(c)(6) (or the Loss Succession Rule), upon termination of the GUC Trust, each GUC Trust
Claimant (as defined below pursuant to tax regulations) is entitled to succeed to and take into account a portion of any unused (vs. unexpired) Loss Carryovers of the GUC Trust. The Loss Succession Rule provides that, in order to determine the
portion of such Loss Carryovers to which each Claimant will succeed, such Loss Carryovers must be allocated among GUC Trust Claimants in proportion to the value of the GUC Trust assets distributable to each such Claimant. For purposes of the rules
that govern Disputed Ownership Funds, a claimant (or a Claimant) is defined as a person who claims ownership of, in whole or in part, property immediately before and immediately after such property is transferred to a Disputed Ownership Fund.
Accordingly, under the Loss Succession Rule, a person is generally eligible to succeed to the GUC Trust s Loss Carryovers if the person (i) receives a distribution of GUC Trust assets upon the GUC Trust s termination and
(ii) qualifies as a Claimant with respect to the GUC Trust.    The mechanics of the Loss Succession Rule, as applied to the GUC Trust
and the holders of GUC Trust Units, are unclear in several respects. The following discussion describes one possible interpretation of the rules. However, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service will take a position that differs from
that described below. As previously disclosed, the GUC Trust had initiated preliminary discussions with the Internal Revenue Service regarding the Loss Succession Rule, but, at this time, those discussions are not being pursued. Holders of GUC Trust
Units should consult their own tax advisors about the application of the Loss Succession Rule upon the termination of the GUC Trust in light of their particular circumstances.  
  Termination of the GUC Trust   
 It is generally expected that all holders of GUC Trust Units on the final distribution date will receive a distribution of Excess GUC Trust
Distributable Assets. The rules that govern Disputed Ownership Funds do not address when a Disputed Ownership Fund is considered to terminate for purposes of the Loss Succession Rule. One possible interpretation of the Loss Succession Rule is that
the GUC Trust will be considered to terminate when the GUC Trust distributes all of its remaining assets to the holders of GUC Trust Units (i.e., on the final distribution date). Under this interpretation, all holders of GUC Trust Units would be
considered to receive a distribution of GUC Trust assets upon the termination of the GUC Trust. At this time, the GUC Trust is not able to predict with any certainty when a final distribution may occur or when the GUC Trust will be terminated.
    Allocation of Loss Carryovers   
 The rules that govern Disputed Ownership Funds do not address how the Loss Succession Rule should apply when Claimants are permitted to
transfer their interests in a Disputed Ownership Fund. Because the GUC Trust Units are transferrable, it is not possible for the GUC Trust to determine which holders of GUC Trust Units may constitute Claimants for purposes of the Loss Succession
Rule at any given time. Accordingly, upon its termination, the GUC Trust will not be in a position to provide an allocation of the GUC Trust s Loss Carryovers among GUC Trust Claimants and/or holders of GUC Trust Units. As of
September 30, 2016, there were 31,853,964 GUC Trust Units outstanding and $31.9 billion of Allowed General Unsecured Claims.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, because the GUC Trust computes its taxable income in the same manner as a
corporation, it is unclear whether, and if so, to what extent, the Five Year Rule might affect the amount of unused capital loss carryovers to which GUC Trust Claimants may succeed under the Loss Succession Rule.  
  Use of Estimates     The
preparation of financial statements on a liquidation basis in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities. These estimates are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could materially impact the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and related footnotes. Significant estimates include the anticipated amounts and timing of future cash flows for estimated
investment income expected to be received, expected liquidation costs, Residual Wind-Down Claims and Costs, and fair value of marketable securities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, net assets in liquidation decreased by approximately $111.4 million, from approximately
$611.4 million to approximately $500.0 million, principally as a result of liquidating distributions of $107.1 million, as well as additions of $5.3 million to the reserves for expected costs of liquidation, offset in part by additional investment
income of $1.0 million. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, net assets in liquidation decreased by approximately $111.8 million, from approximately $611.8 million to approximately $500.0 million, principally as a result of
liquidating distributions of $108.0 million, as well as additions of $5.0 million to the reserves for expected costs of liquidation, offset in part by additional investment income of $1.2 million. As described in more detail in  Liquidation and
Administrative Costs  below, the increase in the reserves for expected costs of liquidation is primarily associated with an increase in the estimated length of the remaining liquidation period.  
 There was no income tax provision or benefit during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, as a result of cumulative net
operating and capital losses and the establishment of a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets at the beginning and end of such periods. As a result of the liquidation of all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities,
it has been determined that the deferred tax assets are not realizable at this time. See  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Income Tax Liabilities for Certain Capital Gains, Investment Income and Dividends on New GM Common
Stock  above and Note 7 ( Income Taxes ) to the financial statements.     Liquidation and Administrative Costs   
 As discussed above under  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates,  under the liquidation basis of accounting, the GUC Trust was
required upon its establishment to record reserves in respect of its expected costs associated with implementing the Plan and distributing the GUC Trust s distributable assets. These costs consist principally of professional fees, governance
costs and other liquidation and administrative costs.    Under U.S. GAAP, these reserves may be established only to the extent there is a
reasonable basis for their estimation. From time to time, as additional costs are identified and for which there is reasonable basis for estimation, the GUC Trust records an increase to its reserves for expected costs of liquidation and charges such
increase as an addition to reserves for expected costs of liquidation in the Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation. As costs are actually incurred by the GUC Trust, such costs reduce the previously recorded reserves for expected costs of
liquidation by the amount of such incurred costs, with no further effect on the Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation.    The
GUC Trust s reserves for liquidation and administrative costs (recorded in conformity with U.S. GAAP) are allocable into the following categories:      

reserve for expected Wind-Down Costs, corresponding to expenditures to be made out of the Administrative Fund and, following the depletion of the Administrative Fund, Other Administrative Cash (see  Functions and
Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs         

reserve for expected Reporting Costs, corresponding to expenditures to be made out of Other Administrative Cash (see  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Funding for the GUC Trust s
Liquidation and Administrative Costs         

reserve for Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agent Costs, corresponding to expenditures to be made out of the cash received by the GUC Trust from MLC on the Dissolution Date (see  Functions and
Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Other Assets Received from MLC on the Dissolution Date     
      28  

Table of Contents  

reserve for Avoidance Action Defense Costs, corresponding to expenditures to be made out of Residual Wind-Down Assets and, following the depletion of such assets, the Administrative Fund with respect to any excess
amounts remaining from the funds designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of the GUC Trust, or Other Administrative Cash (see  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Residual
Wind-Down Claims  and  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Term Loan Avoidance Action  and        

reserve for Residual Wind-Down Costs, corresponding (in addition to expenditures to satisfy and resolve Residual Wind-Down Claims) to expenditures to be made out of Residual Wind-Down Assets and, following the depletion
of the Residual Wind-Down Assets, Other Administrative Cash (see  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Residual Wind-Down Claims ).    
 As described in greater detail under  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust  above and  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  below, unused portions of certain of the assets associated with the foregoing reserves are required to be returned to the DIP Lenders upon the winding up and dissolution of the GUC Trust. Therefore, such assets are not available to
fund costs of liquidation and administration or any income tax liabilities of the GUC Trust, and are also not available for distribution to the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims or GUC Trust Units. See  Functions and Responsibilities
of the GUC Trust Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs,   Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Residual Wind-Down Claims  and  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC
Trust Other Assets Received from MLC on the Dissolution Date.     As of September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust had approximately
$24.6 million in reserves for liquidation and administrative costs that are estimated to be incurred through the winding up and conclusion of the GUC Trust, compared to approximately $21.9 million in reserves as of June 30, 2016. The following
table summarizes in greater detail the changes in such reserves during the three months ended September 30, 2016:      
   Reserves were increased approximately $5.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, in
order to reflect an increase in expected Wind-Down Costs of $1.7 million and an increase in expected Reporting Costs of $3.6 million. The increases in expected Wind-Down Costs and expected Reporting Costs during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, are primarily associated with an increase in the estimated length of the remaining liquidation period. In comparison, reserves were increased approximately $8.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015,
in order to reflect a $5.8 million increase in expected Wind-Down Costs and a $2.2 million increase in expected Reporting Costs. The increases in expected Wind-Down Costs and expected Reporting Costs during the three months ended September 30,
2015, were also primarily associated with an increase in the estimated length of the remaining liquidation period.    Reserves were
increased approximately $5.0 million during the six months ended September 30, 2016, in order to reflect an increase in expected Wind-Down Costs of $1.3 million and an increase in expected Reporting Costs of $3.7 million. The increases in
expected Wind-Down Costs and expected Reporting Costs during the six months ended September 30, 2016, are primarily associated with an increase in the estimated length of the remaining liquidation period during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. In comparison, reserves were increased approximately $10.3 million during the six months ended September 30, 2015, in order to reflect a $7.2 million increase in expected Wind-Down Costs and a $3.1 million increase in
expected Reporting Costs. The increases in expected Wind-Down Costs and expected Reporting Costs during the six months ended September 30, 2015, were primarily associated with an increase in the estimated length of the remaining liquidation
period during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. In addition, expected Wind-Down Costs increased during the six months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of additional expenses of GUC Trust Professionals with respect to liquidation of
the New GM Securities and amendment of the GUC Trust Agreement and commissions on the sale of New GM Common Stock. Expected Reporting Costs also increased during the six months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of additional expenses of GUC
Trust Professionals with respect to liquidation of the New GM Securities and increased insurance costs.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  Total reserves were reduced by the amount of liquidation and administrative costs incurred during
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016. Trust professional costs incurred during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.3 million and $2.5 million, respectively, as compared to approximately $2.8
million and $4.9 million, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $1.5 million from three-month period to period and the decrease of $2.4 million from six-month period to period are due primarily to
decreases in Wind-Down Costs charged to the reserve. Trust Governance Costs incurred during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.2 million and $2.5 million, respectively, as compared to approximately $1.5
million and $2.8 million, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015. The decreases of $0.3 million from three-month period to period and from six-month period to period are due primarily to decreases in Wind-Down Costs
charged to the reserve. Other administrative costs during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $40,000 and $139,000, respectively, as compared to approximately $0.9 million and $1.0 million, respectively, for the
three and six months ended September 30, 2015. The decreases of $0.9 million from three-month period to period and from six-month period to period were primarily due to commissions on the sale of New GM Common Stock during the three months
ended September 30, 2015. For additional information regarding the components of each category of costs, see  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Funding for the GUC Trust s Liquidation and Administrative Costs, 
 Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Residual Wind-Down Claims  and  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Other Assets Received from MLC Trust on the Dissolution Date.   
 The foregoing reserves represent future costs of the GUC Trust for which there is a reasonable basis for estimation as of September 30,
2016 and, therefore, are recorded under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. GAAP. It is reasonably possible, however, that additional costs will be incurred, for which there was not a reasonable basis for estimation as of
September 30, 2016. In particular, as of September 30, 2016, the recorded reserves for expected costs of liquidation reflect estimated costs for a remaining liquidation period extending through May 2018, which date is predominantly the
result of the estimate of the period of time required for resolution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action, as well as certain additional estimated time as necessary to wind down the GUC Trust, and assumes an extension of the current scheduled
dissolution date of the GUC Trust. This end date of the remaining liquidation period has been estimated predominantly on a modified probability-weighted basis as permitted under U.S. GAAP and which the GUC Trust believes is the most appropriate
measurement basis under the circumstances. Where an outcome is estimated to be likely, the likely outcome has been used as the best estimate and no weight has been given to the unlikely outcome. In addition, certain liquidation costs that are
expected to be prepaid by the GUC Trust upon its dissolution have also been estimated and accrued. It is possible that future developments in the Term Loan Avoidance Action could extend the current estimate of the remaining period of time required
for resolution and, therefore, extend the estimated remaining liquidation period of the GUC Trust beyond May 2018.    As described in
Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), the GUC Trust is participating, as an interested party, in litigation involving certain General Motors vehicle recalls. It is possible that such litigation could extend the remaining
liquidation period of the GUC Trust beyond May 2018.    The amount of liquidation costs that will ultimately be incurred depends both on the
length of the remaining liquidation period and on the extent of activities required for the GUC Trust to complete its functions and responsibilities under the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement. Significant uncertainty remains both as to that time
period and as to the extent of those activities. It is reasonably possible that the GUC Trust s estimates regarding the remaining liquidation period and the expected costs of liquidation will change in the near term.  
 If the funds available for each of the foregoing categories of costs are not sufficient to satisfy any of the costs in that category, the GUC
Trust will be required to appropriate a portion of Distributable Cash in order to meet its additional obligations for those costs. Any such appropriation will result in a lesser amount of Distributable Cash available for distribution to holders of
GUC Trust Units.    The process of recognizing reserves for expected costs of liquidation as a matter of financial reporting is separate and
distinct from the process by which Distributable Cash is set aside from distribution for the purposes of funding projected costs of liquidation, which are generally estimated on a more conservative (i.e., more inclusive) basis and include
contingencies that are not permitted to be recognized under applicable accounting standards. As described in further detail below, certain amounts of Distributable Cash have already been set aside from distribution for the purposes of meeting such
potential additional obligations. However, the amounts set aside from distribution are neither reflected in nor a part of the financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q because the process of setting aside such assets is not related
to the process of recording, as a matter of financial reporting in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation, reserves for expected costs of liquidation or any current and deferred income tax liabilities. See  Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates Income Taxes  and  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation  above and  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Cash Set Aside from Distribution  below.
   For additional information regarding the reserves described above, see Note 2 ( Plan of Liquidation ) and Note 6
( Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation and Residual Wind-Down Claims ) to the financial statements.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Net Assets in Liquidation   
  Disputed Claims     The
following table presents a summary of the activity in Allowed and Disputed General Unsecured Claims and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims for the three months ended September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 Maximum Amount of Unresolved Claims represents the sum of Disputed General Unsecured Claims and Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.    

(2) 
 Total Claim Amount represents the sum of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and Maximum Amount of Unresolved Claims.    
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Avoidance Action Trust reached settlements with certain defendants to the Term Loan
Avoidance Action resulting in recoveries to the Avoidance Action Trust of approximately $131,000. As a result, corresponding Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims of approximately $131,000 arose and were allowed under the GUC Trust Agreement.  
  Distributable Assets     The table below
summarizes the activity in New GM Securities prior to their liquidation and Distributable Cash that comprises the GUC Trust s distributable assets, including the numbers of New GM Securities and amount of Distributable Cash previously
distributed, as well as the amount of Distributable Cash available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):      

(1) 
 The numbers of New GM Securities and the amount of Distributable Cash shown as distributed include sales for (a) cash distributions to governmental entities to the extent such governmental entities have requested
such sales and demonstrated to the satisfaction of the GUC Trust Administrator that such governmental entities are precluded by applicable law from receiving distributions of New GM Securities and (b) fractional amounts of New GM Securities, in
lieu of which the GUC Trust is required pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement to distribute cash, subject to certain minimum thresholds.    

(2) 
 Distributions Payable includes both (i) Distributions Payable to holders of GUC Trust Units and (ii) Distributions Payable in respect of new Allowed General Unsecured Claims (including both (a) Allowed
General Unsecured Claims that were newly allowed during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and (b) Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were allowed in prior fiscal periods, but for which the holders of such claims had not yet supplied
information required by the GUC Trust in order to effect the distribution to which they are entitled.    
      31  

Table of Contents  

(3) 
 Distributable Assets reflects the amounts of Distributable Cash and Dividend Cash shown as  GUC Trust Distributable Assets  on the report included as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the GUC Trust with
the SEC on October 26, 2016. Such Distributable Cash and associated Dividend Cash have been set aside for potential distribution in respect of current Disputed General Unsecured Claims and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims as of
September 30, 2016. To the extent that such claims are resolved in favor of the GUC Trust, Distributable Cash and associated Dividend Cash may become available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units in future periods. The amount of
Distributable Cash and associated Dividend Cash set out above as  Distributable Assets  does not directly relate to Net Assets in Liquidation or any other number appearing in the GUC Trust s financial statements prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP.      As described above under the heading   Disputed Claims,  as of September 30, 2016,
there were approximately $31.9 billion in Allowed General Unsecured Claims. In respect of such claims, the GUC Trust had previously distributed in the aggregate 137,298,736 shares of New GM Common Stock, 124,817,263 New GM Series A Warrants and
124,817,263 New GM Series B Warrants and $133.5 million of Distributable Cash. In addition, the GUC Trust was obligated to distribute as of September 30, 2016, $114.0 million of Distributable Cash. Such amount includes $112.2 million of
Distributable Cash that was distributable to holders of GUC Trust Units in respect of Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets as of September 30, 2016.  
  Distributable Cash Set Aside from Distribution   
  Overview of Distributable Cash Set Aside from Distribution   
 In addition to distributions of Distributable Cash, which are reflected as reductions to the GUC Trust net assets in its financial statements,
the GUC Trust also, from time to time, sets aside Distributable Cash for potential future appropriation to fund projected liquidation and administrative costs, as well as any potential income tax liabilities, including Dividend Taxes, Investment
Income Taxes and Taxes on Distribution. Distributable Cash that is set aside from distribution by the GUC Trust is not deducted from the net assets in liquidation of the GUC Trust in its financial statements unless and until such set aside
Distributable Cash is appropriated and expended. Distributable Cash set aside from distribution is segregated by the GUC Trust for such specific purposes and is not available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units or other claimants unless
and to the extent that the GUC Trust later determines that the set aside Distributable Cash is no longer needed to fund those specific purposes.  
 This process is not related to, and is separate from, the process of recording any current and deferred income tax liabilities and reserves
for expected costs of liquidation in the Statement of Net Assets in Liquidation, as a matter of financial reporting. As a matter of financial reporting, income tax liabilities and reserves for expected costs of liquidation must be determined in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the GUC Trust. By contrast, the estimates of projected costs and potential liabilities for which the GUC Trust may set aside Distributable Cash are generally made on a more
conservative (i.e., more inclusive) basis and include contingencies and may include amounts of potential income tax liabilities that are not permitted to be recognized under applicable accounting standards. See  Critical Accounting
Policies Income Taxes  and  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Reserves for Expected Costs of Liquidation  above.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the distributable assets of the GUC Trust available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units consisted of
Distributable Cash of approximately $577.5 million (including Dividend Cash), after deducting the amounts of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) (i) set aside from distribution to fund additional projected liquidation and
administrative costs of the GUC Trust (as described below under the headings  Set Aside Calculations Relating to Projected Liquidation and Administrative Costs, Including Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes ) and (ii) set aside
for distributions payable in respect of New Allowed General Unsecured Claims and Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were allowed in prior fiscal periods, but for which the holders of such claims had not yet supplied information required by the
GUC Trust in order to effect the distributions to which they are entitled. Such Distributable Cash has been set aside for potential distribution in respect of current Disputed General Unsecured Claims and potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.
To the extent such claims are resolved in favor of the GUC Trust, Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) may become available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units in future periods.  
 Prior to the liquidation of all the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities in July and August 2015, New GM Securities were set aside
to fund projected liquidation and administrative costs and potential income tax liabilities as described below.     Set Aside Calculations
Relating to Projected Liquidation and Administrative Costs, Including Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes     The GUC Trust
Administrator reevaluates, on a quarterly basis, the amount of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) needed to be set aside from distribution for purposes of funding projected liquidation and administrative costs, including any Dividend Taxes
and Investment Income Taxes. This determination is made on a basis different than that used to calculate reserves for financial statement purposes. Under the current methodology, the amount to be set aside is equal to the estimates of unfunded
projected  
      32  

Table of Contents  

liquidation and administrative costs (including any Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes). Prior to the liquidation of all of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities, estimates
of unfunded projected liquidation and administrative costs (including any Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes) were converted into the number of New GM Securities to be set aside from distribution by dividing such estimates by the trailing
twelve-month average closing prices for the New GM Securities. A corresponding amount of Dividend Cash associated with the set-aside New GM Securities was also set aside from distribution.  
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as a result of the standard quarterly reevaluations described above, the estimate of unfunded
projected liquidation and administrative costs (including Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes) was decreased by $4.7 million, which resulted in a corresponding decrease of $4.7 million in the needed set aside of Distributable Cash as compared
with the Distributable Cash previously set aside from distribution. Such decrease in unfunded projected Wind-Down and Reporting Costs was primarily related to (a) the release of the set aside for Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes of
$2.4 million as of June 30, 2016, which is no longer estimated to be required as described below, and (b) a reduction in projected liquidation and administrative costs expected to be incurred over the longest estimate of the remaining
liquidation period. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust had set aside from distribution Distributable Cash of $41.4 million for the purposes of funding future projected liquidation and administrative costs of the GUC Trust.
Such amount was sufficient to fully fund projected liquidation and administrative costs of the GUC Trust, as estimated by the GUC Trust Administrator at September 30, 2016.  
  Set Aside Calculations Relating to Potential Taxes on Distribution   
 In addition to reevaluating the amount of Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) to be set aside from distribution to fund projected
liquidation and administrative costs, including any Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes, the GUC Trust Administrator also reevaluates, on a quarterly basis, the amount of Distributable Cash needed to be set aside from distribution to fund
potential income tax liabilities on net realized gains from the disposition of New GM Securities, which are referred to as Taxes on Distribution. The current methodology for calculating such set aside estimates potential Taxes on Distribution by
applying the applicable U.S. federal income tax rate to net realized capital gains that are still subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service, less current period tax deductible expenses and future tax deductible expenses. Such realized
capital gains are computed using a tax basis for the New GM Securities based on the date of transfer of record ownership of the New GM Securities to the GUC Trust from MLC on December 15, 2011, and the tax basis of the New GM Common Stock
received for the exercise of the New GM Warrants pursuant to the Liquidation Order. However, as a result of the application of Section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, the GUC Trust s federal income tax returns for the year ended
March 31, 2016, and all prior years, are no longer subject to examination and no income taxes may be assessed for the year ended March 31, 2016, and all prior years. In addition, while the GUC Trust s remaining capital losses (based
on the tax basis of previously held New GM Securities for financial reporting purposes) and net operating losses are still subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service in subsequent years if those losses are utilized, such utilization is
not expected as a result of the sale of all New GM Securities in the year ended March 31, 2016, except potentially with respect to any recovery by the GUC Trust as a member of a settlement class related to a proposed settlement of a securities
class action against New GM as described in Part II, Item 1 ( Legal Proceedings ), which is not estimable at this time. Accordingly, no income taxes are expected to be paid in the future, except potentially with respect to any income
taxes due on any recovery on the proposed settlement of the securities class action against New GM, which is not estimable at this time. Any such recovery would only potentially generate an income tax liability in the unlikely event that the GUC
Trust is required to recalculate its previously recognized capital gains and losses from the sale and distribution of New GM Securities in prior years using a tax basis determined on December 15, 2011 (when record ownership of the previously
held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC) rather than on March 31, 2011 (when beneficial ownership for a substantial majority of the previously held New GM Securities transferred to the GUC Trust from MLC). Further, if any
income taxes on any such recovery were to become payable, it is anticipated that such income taxes would be funded from the proceeds of such recovery. As a result, the GUC Trust Administrator determined that no Distributable Cash should be set aside
for potential Taxes on Distribution (or Dividend Taxes and Investment Income Taxes) at this time.    The GUC Trust s calculation of the
amount of any Distributable Cash needed to be set aside from distribution to fund such potential Taxes on Distribution was made using a different methodology than that used to calculate any current and deferred taxes for financial statement
purposes. As described above, in estimating potential Taxes on Distribution, the current set aside methodology calculates realized capital gains using the tax basis of the New GM Securities on December 15, 2011. By contrast, in calculating any
current and deferred taxes for purposes of financial reporting under applicable U.S. GAAP, the GUC Trust calculates realized capital gains using the tax basis of the New GM Securities for financial reporting purposes, which is based on the date of
transfer of beneficial ownership of the New GM Securities to the GUC Trust from MLC (which occurred on March 31, 2011 for a substantial majority of the previously held New GM Securities).  
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as a result of the quarterly reevaluation described above, estimates of Taxes on Distribution
were decreased by $107.6 million, which resulted in a corresponding decrease in the amount of Distributable Cash set aside from distribution to fund projected Taxes on Distribution of the GUC Trust of $107.6 million as compared with the
Distributable Cash previously set aside from distribution. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, no Distributable Cash was set aside from distribution for the purposes of funding potential Taxes on Distribution of the GUC Trust and there are
no amounts required to be set aside at this time to fully fund potential Taxes on Distribution of the GUC Trust, as estimated by the GUC Trust Administrator at September 30, 2016.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  It is the view of the GUC Trust Administrator, after consultation with the GUC Trust Monitor and
other professionals retained by the GUC Trust, that the calculation methodologies described above, on the basis of which Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) is set aside from distribution, generally estimate the projected liquidation and
administrative costs and potential tax liabilities of the GUC Trust on a conservative basis. Accordingly, it is the view of the GUC Trust Administrator and the GUC Trust Monitor that the Distributable Cash currently set aside from distribution to
fund such costs and liabilities would be sufficient to satisfy such obligations of the GUC Trust as of the date of this Form 10-Q. However, there can be no assurance that the amount of Distributable Cash set aside will be sufficient to fund such
costs and liabilities as they are actually incurred. In addition, there can be no assurance that, as a result of future evaluations, additional Distributable Cash will not need to be set aside or appropriated to fund additional costs and
liabilities, beyond those that are currently included in the GUC Trust s estimates, in particular as a result of changes in the GUC Trust s estimates of projected costs and potential liabilities. See  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  below.     GUC Trust Units   
 The following table presents the changes during the three months ended September 30, 2016, in the numbers of GUC Trust Units outstanding
or which the GUC Trust was obligated to issue:      

(1) 
 The number of GUC Trust Units issuable at any time represents GUC Trust Units issuable in respect of Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were newly allowed during the fiscal quarter.    

(2) 
 The number of GUC Trust Units outstanding at any time represents GUC Trust Units issued in respect of Allowed General Unsecured Claims that were allowed in prior periods, including GUC Trust Units held by the GUC Trust
for the benefit of (a) holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims who had not yet supplied information required by the GUC Trust in order to effect the initial distribution to which they are entitled and (b) governmental entities that are
precluded by applicable law from receiving distributions of GUC Trust Units.       Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The GUC Trust s sources of liquidity are principally the funds it holds for the payment of liquidation and administrative costs, and to a
significantly lesser degree, the earnings on such funds invested by it. In addition, as a result of the liquidation of all the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the GUC Trust holds
Distributable Cash for distribution to GUC Trust beneficiaries. The GUC Trust holds such funds primarily in U.S. Treasury bills, as permitted by the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement.  
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust s holdings of cash and cash equivalents increased approximately $1.2
million from approximately $4.4 million to approximately $5.6 million. The increase was primarily due to cash from the sale of marketable securities in excess of reinvestments of $11.3 million and interest income received on such marketable
securities of $1.0 million, largely offset by cash paid for liquidation and administrative costs of $6.3 million, cash paid for Residual Wind-Down Claims of $4.7 million, and cash distributions of $0.1 million.  
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the funds invested by the GUC Trust in marketable securities decreased approximately
$11.3 million, from approximately $661.1 million to approximately $649.8 million. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease in the funds reinvested in marketable securities during the period. The GUC Trust earned approximately $0.8 million
in interest income on such investments during the period.    As of September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust held approximately $655.4 million
in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Of such amount, approximately $620.7 million relates to Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash), a portion of which the GUC Trust Administrator is permitted to set aside from distribution
and to appropriate with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court or Trust Monitor, as applicable, in order to fund additional costs and any income tax liabilities (including Dividend Taxes, Investment Income Taxes and Taxes on Distribution) as they
become due. Included in Distributable Cash at September 30, 2016, is approximately $17.2 million of Dividend Cash. As described above, Dividend Cash will be distributed to holders of subsequently Resolved Allowed
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

Claims and GUC Trust Units in respect of Distributable Cash that they receive, except to the extent such dividends are in respect of Distributable Cash that is appropriated by the GUC Trust in
accordance with the GUC Trust Agreement to fund the GUC Trust s liquidation and administrative costs, any income tax liabilities or shortfalls in Residual Wind-Down Assets.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash) held by the GUC Trust was set aside as follows: (a) $114.0
million for liquidating distributions payable as of that date, and (b) $41.4 million to fund projected liquidation and administrative costs. See  Net Assets in Liquidation Distributable Assets  above.  
 In addition to Distributable Cash (including Dividend Cash), the GUC Trust held $34.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and marketable
securities at September 30, 2016 representing funds held for payment of costs of liquidation and administration. Of that amount, approximately $25.4 million (comprising approximately $17.3 million of the remaining Residual Wind-Down
Assets, approximately $7.8 million of the remaining Administrative Fund and approximately $0.3 million in remaining funds designated for the Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agent Costs) is required by the GUC Trust Agreement to be returned,
upon the winding-up of the GUC Trust, to the DIP Lenders to the extent such funds are not utilized to satisfy designated Wind-Down Costs, Residual Wind-Down Claims, Residual Wind-Down Costs, Avoidance Action Defense Costs and Indenture
Trustee/Fiscal Paying Agent Costs. Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $7.8 million remaining in the Administrative Fund have been designated for the satisfaction of certain specifically identified costs and liabilities of
the GUC Trust, and such amounts may not be used for the payment of GUC Trust professionals  fees and expenses or other Wind-Down Costs. Such amounts will not at any time be available for distribution to the holders of the GUC Trust
Units. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the GUC Trust Administrator determined to return $6.0 million of the remaining Administrative Fund to the DIP Lenders during November 2016. Such pending return is associated with a potential tax
liability that the GUC Trust Administrator, in consultation with its Trust Professionals, had determined would not be incurred, and therefore would not be expended by the GUC Trust. The balance of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities
of approximately $9.2 million is available for the payment of certain reporting and administrative costs of the GUC Trust, and would be available in the future for distribution to the holders of the GUC Trust Units, if not otherwise used to satisfy
those GUC Trust obligations. See  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust  above.    There is no assurance that additional
amounts of Distributable Cash will not be required to be set aside from distribution and appropriated to fund additional costs and income tax liabilities, beyond what the GUC Trust Administrator has already set aside. Any appropriation of
Distributable Cash that occurs to fund such obligations will result in a lesser amount of Distributable Cash available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units. In addition, as described above under the headings  Functions and
Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Residual Wind-Down Claims  and  Functions and Responsibilities of the GUC Trust Other Assets Received from MLC on the Dissolution Date,  a portion of the GUC Trust s assets are
currently segregated pursuant to the GUC Trust Agreement for the satisfaction of Residual Wind-Down Claims and certain other specified costs. If such assets are insufficient to satisfy the Residual Wind-Down Claims or fund such other specified costs
for any reason, the GUC Trust Administrator will similarly be required to set aside from distribution and appropriate additional amounts of Distributable Cash in order to fund such shortfall.  
  Forward-Looking Statements     This Form
10-Q contains forward-looking statements about the assets, financial condition and prospects of the GUC Trust. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties,
including, without limitation, the resolution of the Disputed General Unsecured Claims, the outcome of and the ultimate recovery on the Term Loan Avoidance Action, any related incurrence of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, the ultimate outcome of
the Motions to Enforce litigation, the GUC Trust s incurrence of professional fees, tax liabilities and other expenses in connection with administration of the GUC Trust, economic conditions, changes in tax and other governmental rules and
regulations applicable to the GUC Trust, and other risks. Some of these risks and uncertainties are beyond the ability of the GUC Trust to control, and in many cases, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated by the forward-looking statements cannot be predicted. When used in this Form 10-Q, the words  believes,   estimates,   plans,   expects,   intends,  and  anticipates  and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.     Glossary   
 The capitalized terms used in this Form 10-Q but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth below. For additional
information on any of the matters relating to such terms, see the disclosure in the notes to the financial statements filed with this Form 10-Q and in the Form 8-K filed by the GUC Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12,
2012.     Administrative Agent  means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent for various lenders party
to the Term Loan.     Administrative Fund  means the cash contributed to the GUC Trust to be held and maintained by the GUC Trust
Administrator for the purpose of paying the Wind-Down Costs.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   ADR Proceedings  means alternative dispute resolution proceedings, including mediation
and arbitration.     Allowed General Unsecured Claims  means the general unsecured claims against the Debtors that are allowed at
any given time.     Approval Order  means the opinion and order entered on August 24, 2016 by the Bankruptcy Court approving
the settlement agreement reached by the Committee, the DIP Lenders and the Avoidance Action Trust concerning, among other things, the allocation of potential distributable recoveries from the Term Loan Avoidance Action. 
  Avoidance Action Defense Costs  means certain reasonable costs, fees and expenses which the GUC Trust is obligated to satisfy
relating to defending the Term Loan Avoidance Action, subject to the right of the GUC Trust to seek disgorgement in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  
  Avoidance Action Trust  means the trust established under the Plan for the purpose of holding and prosecuting the Term Loan
Avoidance Action.     Avoidance Action Trust Administrator  means Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but
solely in its capacity as the trustee and trust administrator of the Avoidance Action Trust.     Bankruptcy Code  means title 11
of the United States Code.     Bankruptcy Court  means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York.
    Claimant  means, for purposes of the rules that govern Disputed Ownership Funds, a person who claims ownership of, in whole or
in part, property immediately before and immediately after such property is transferred to a Disputed Ownership Fund.     Closing
Date  means July 10, 2009, the date on which the sale of substantially all of the assets of Old GM pursuant to the MSPA was completed.  
  Committee  means the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of the Debtors appointed by the Office of the United States Trustee
in the chapter 11 cases of the Debtors.     Committee Summary Judgment Motion  means the Motion of Official Committee of Unsecured
Creditors for Partial Summary Judgment (Docket No. 24) filed by the Committee on July 1, 2010, seeking a ruling in favor of the Committee with respect to the perfection of the UCC Collateral.  
  Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment  means the Committee Summary Judgment Motion and the JPMorgan Summary Judgment Motion.  
  Debtors  means MLC and its affiliated debtors and debtors-in-possession.  
  DIP Credit Agreement  means the Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2009, by and among MLC, as
borrower, the guarantors named therein, the U.S. Treasury, as lender, and the Governments of Canada and Ontario, through Export Development Canada, as lenders.  
  DIP Lenders  means the United States Department of Treasury and the Governments of Canada and Ontario, through Export Development
Canada.     Disputed General Unsecured Claims  means the general unsecured claims against the Debtors that are disputed at a given
time and does not include any potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.     Dissolution Date  means December 15, 2011, the
date that MLC filed a Certificate of Dissolution with the Secretary of State of Delaware and was dissolved.     Distributable
Cash  means the amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held for distribution to GUC Trust beneficiaries and includes Dividend Cash.  
  Dividend Cash  means the amount of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by the GUC Trust that relates to
dividends received by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock then held, or previously held, by the GUC Trust.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   Dividend Taxes  means federal income taxes incurred in respect of dividends received
by the GUC Trust on New GM Common Stock previously held by the GUC Trust.     Five Year Rule  means the five year period after
capital losses are incurred for which such losses may be carried forward by corporations under U.S. tax rules.     Effective Date 
means March 31, 2011, the date that the Plan became effective.     Equitable Mootness Finding  means the holding of the
Bankruptcy Court in the Threshold Issues Decision and the Threshold Issues Judgment that the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions may seek authorization to file late claims in the
bankruptcy cases of Old GM, but that any such claims as against the GUC Trust are  equitably moot  (that is, fashioning relief for the plaintiffs against the GUC Trust would be  impractical, imprudent and therefore inequitable ),
and thus the assets of the GUC Trust cannot be used to satisfy such claims.     Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets  means
(i) New GM Securities (or Distributable Cash) and Dividend Cash associated with such New GM Securities (only if and to the extent such New GM Securities (or Distributable Cash) and Dividend Cash (a) are not required for the satisfaction of
new Allowed General Unsecured Claims and (b) have not been set aside from distribution to fund projected liquidation and administrative costs, Dividend Taxes or Taxes on Distribution of the GUC Trust) and (ii) Other Administrative Cash
available, if any, for distribution to the holders of GUC Trust Units.     GUC Trust  means the Motors Liquidation Company GUC
Trust.     GUC Trust Administrator  means Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as
trust administrator and trustee of the GUC Trust.     GUC Trust Agreement  means the Second Amended and Restated Motors
Liquidation Company GUC Trust Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2015.     GUC Trust Monitor  means FTI Consulting, Inc., solely
in its capacity as trust monitor of the GUC Trust.     GUC Trust Units  means the units of beneficial interests in the GUC Trust
distributed to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims in proportion to the amount of their claims subject to certain rounding rules set forth in the Plan and the GUC Trust Agreement. Each GUC Trust Unit represents the contingent right to
receive a pro rata share of the Excess GUC Trust Distributable Assets.     Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions  means the
various actions (including putative class actions) filed by various plaintiffs against New GM seeking compensatory and other damages for economic losses allegedly resulting from the Ignition Switch Recall, or the underlying condition of the subject
vehicles.     Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions  means the various actions (including putative class actions) filed by
various plaintiffs against New GM seeking compensatory and other damages for personal injury and other claims allegedly arising from accidents that occurred as a result of the underlying condition of the vehicles subject to the Ignition Switch
Recall.     Ignition Switch Recall  means the ignition switch-related recalls initiated by New GM.  
  Indenture Trustee / Fiscal and Paying Agent Costs  means certain costs, fees and expenses payable under the Plan to the indenture
trustees and fiscal and paying agents for the previously outstanding debt of MLC.     Initial Reporting Cash  means the proceeds
of approximately $5.7 million from the sale by the GUC Trust of New GM Securities shortly after the Effective Date, expressly authorized by the GUC Trust Agreement for the purposes of funding Reporting Costs.  
  Investment Income Taxes  means federal income taxes incurred in respect of investment income earned by the GUC Trust on
Distributable Cash held, or previously held, by the GUC Trust.     Loss Succession Rule  means, under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.468B-9(C)(6), each Claimant is entitled to succeed to and take into account a portion of any unused Loss Carryovers upon termination of the GUC Trust.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   JPMorgan Summary Judgment Motion  means the Motion of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for
Summary Judgment (Docket No. 28) filed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on July 1, 2010, seeking a ruling in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. with respect to the perfection of the UCC Collateral.  
  Judgment  means the Bankruptcy Court s  Judgment  (Docket No. 73) dated March 1, 2013 in respect of the
Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment.     Liquidation Order  means the Bankruptcy Court s order dated July 2, 2015
pursuant to which the Bankruptcy Court approved the conversion of the GUC Trust s holdings of New GM Securities into cash.  
  Loss Carryovers  means capital loss carryovers and net operating loss carryovers of the GUC Trust.  
  MDL Court  means, with respect to case number 14-MD-2543 (JMF), the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York.     MDL Proceeding  means the actions that have been transferred to and consolidated under the case number 14-MD-2543 (JMF)
and are pending before the MDL Court, including certain Subject Recall-Related Actions.     MLC  means Motors Liquidation Company,
which dissolved on December 15, 2011.     Motions to Enforce  means the series of motions filed by New GM with the Bankruptcy
Court seeking to enjoin the Subject Recall-Related Actions and to enforce the Sale Order.     MSPA  means the Master Sale and
Purchase Agreement dated as of July 10, 2009, by and among Old GM, certain of its debtor subsidiaries and NGMCO, Inc., as amended.  
  New GM  means General Motors Company, together with its consolidated subsidiaries.  
  New GM Common Stock  means the common stock of General Motors Company, including with respect to New GM Common Stock that has been
set aside from distribution or sold and any Dividend Cash related to such New GM Common Stock.     New GM Securities  means the
New GM Common Stock (including with respect to New GM Common Stock that has been set aside from distribution or sold, any Dividend Cash related to such New GM Common Stock) and the New GM Warrants.  
  New GM Series A Warrants  means the warrants to acquire shares of New GM Common Stock at an exercise price of $10.00 per share,
expiring July 10, 2016.     New GM Series B Warrants  means the warrants to acquire shares of New GM Common Stock at an
exercise price of $18.33 per share, expiring July 10, 2019.     New GM Warrants  means the New GM Series A Warrants and the
New GM Series B Warrants.     Order  means the Bankruptcy Court s Order on  Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment  (Docket
No. 72) dated March 1, 2013 in respect of the Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment.     Other Administrative Cash  means
the cash proceeds from the sale of any New GM Securities (or appropriation of Distributable Cash) that have been set aside from distribution to fund the current or projected liquidation and other administrative costs or income tax liabilities of the
GUC Trust, plus any Dividend Cash related to any New GM Common Stock (or Distributable Cash) so sold (or appropriated).     Other
Economic Loss Actions  means the various actions (including putative class actions) filed by various plaintiffs against New GM seeking compensatory and other damages for economic losses allegedly resulting from recalls of vehicles initiated by
New GM (other than the Ignition Switch Recall), or the underlying condition of those vehicles.     Other Personal Injury Actions 
means the various actions (including putative class actions) filed by various plaintiffs against New GM seeking compensatory and other damages for personal injury and other claims allegedly arising from accidents that occurred as a result of the
underlying condition of the vehicles subject to the recalls initiated by New GM other than the Ignition Switch Recall.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

   Personal Injury Actions  means the various actions (including putative class actions)
filed by various plaintiffs against New GM seeking compensatory and other damages for personal injury and other claims allegedly arising from accidents that occurred as a result of the underlying condition of the vehicles subject to the recalls
initiated by New GM.     Plan  means the Debtors  Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan, filed with the Bankruptcy Court on
March 18, 2011.     Pre-Closing Accident Plaintiffs  means plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions involved
in pre-closing accidents.     QSF  means Qualified Settlement Fund under applicable regulations of the United States Department of
Treasury.     Recall-Related Actions  means, collectively, the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions, the Other Economic Loss
Actions and the Personal Injury Actions.     Remaining Disputed Claim  means the one remaining Disputed General Unsecured Claim as
of September 30, 2016 of approximately $20.0 million to which the GUC Trust had objected.     Reporting Costs  means fees,
costs and expenses of the GUC Trust directly or indirectly relating to (i) reports to be prepared and filed by the GUC Trust pursuant to applicable rules, regulations and interpretations of the SEC, (ii) the transfer, registration for
transfer and certification of GUC Trust Units, (iii) the application by the Committee to the Internal Revenue Service for a private letter ruling regarding the tax treatment of the GUC Trust and the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims
in respect of the distribution of New GM Securities and (iv) certain legal proceedings relating to the Term Loan Avoidance Action.  
  Residual Wind-Down Assets  means the funds remaining of the approximately $42.8 million in cash and prepaid expenses transferred by
MLC to the GUC Trust on the Dissolution Date to satisfy the Residual Wind-Down Claims and Residual Wind-Down Costs (which amount consisted of approximately $40.0 million in cash, including approximately $1.4 million for Avoidance Action Defense
Costs, and the transferred benefit of approximately $2.8 million in prepaid expenses).     Residual Wind-Down Claims  means all
disputed administrative expenses, priority tax claims, priority non-tax claims, and secured claims against the Debtors that were remaining as of the Dissolution Date.  
  Residual Wind-Down Costs  means certain costs, fees and expenses relating to satisfying and resolving the Residual Wind-Down
Claims.     Resolved Disputed Claims  means previously Disputed General Unsecured Claims that are subsequently allowed.  
  Sale Order  means the Sale Order and Injunction entered by the Bankruptcy Court on July 5, 2009, approving the sale of
substantially all of the assets of Old GM to New GM pursuant to Section 363(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.     SEC  means the
Securities and Exchange Commission.     Second Circuit  means the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  
   Stare Decisis  Order  means the decision and order of the Bankruptcy Court dated September 3, 2015, which had the effect
of making the Equitable Mootness Finding set forth in the Threshold Issues Decision and the Threshold Issues Judgment binding on plaintiffs in the Other Economic Loss Actions and Other Personal Injury Actions.  
  Stay Decision  means the Bankruptcy Court s  Decision and Order on Request for Stay  (Docket No. 13503) dated
October 14, 2015, conditionally granting the Stay Motion.     Subject Recall-Related Actions  means the Recall-Related
Actions that concern vehicles designed, manufactured or sold prior to the Closing Date, except for Personal Injury Actions related to accidents that occurred after the Closing Date.  
  Taxes on Distribution  means federal income taxes incurred in respect of any capital gains realized upon the sale or distribution
of New GM Securities to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims or GUC Trust Units.     Term Loan  means the syndicated loan
facility evidenced by that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2006, among General Motors Corporation, Saturn Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise revised from time to time).  
      39  

Table of Contents  

   Term Loan Avoidance Action  means the legal action styled as Official Committee of
Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Co. v. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., et al., Adv. Pro. No. 09-00504 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. July 31, 2009).  
  Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims  means the Allowed General Unsecured Claims that arise in the amount of any recovery of proceeds
if the Avoidance Action Trust Administrator is successful in its prosecution of the Term Loan Avoidance Action. For the avoidance of doubt, as used in this Form 10-Q, the amounts of  Disputed General Unsecured Claims  do not include any
potential Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims.     Threshold Issues Appeal Decision  means the Second Circuit s decision in
case number 15-2844, docket number 384, and related cross-appeals, dated July 13, 2016.     Threshold Issues Decision  means
the Bankruptcy Court s  Decision on Motion to Enforce Sale Order  (Docket No. 13109) dated April 15, 2015.  
  Threshold Issues Judgment  means the Bankruptcy Court s  Judgment  (Docket No. 13177) dated June 1, 2015 with
respect to the Threshold Issues Decision.     Trust Beneficiaries  means the beneficiaries of the GUC Trust, who are future
holders and, to the extent their liquidating distributions have not yet been paid to them, current holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and future and current holders of GUC Trust Units.  
  UCC-3  means the UCC-3 termination statement filed prior to the date of the Debtors  bankruptcy filings which related to
certain collateral owned by the Debtors on which the Administrative Agent asserted a lien in respect of the Term Loan.     UCC
Collateral  means the collateral owned by the Debtors on the date of their bankruptcy filings, which collateral was the subject of the UCC-3.  
  Wind-Down Costs  means certain fees and expenses incurred by the GUC Trust, including fees of the GUC Trust Administrator and the
GUC Trust Monitor and the fees and expenses for other professionals retained by the GUC Trust, other than Reporting Costs.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       Disclosure under this item
is not required, pursuant to the no-action letter of the Securities and Exchange Commission to the GUC Trust dated May 23, 2012.      

Item 4.  
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures.       During the fiscal period covered by this report,
the management of the GUC Trust, with the participation of the Vice President of the GUC Trust Administrator, completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the GUC Trust s disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on this evaluation, the GUC Trust s management, including that Vice President of the GUC Trust Administrator, has concluded that, as of the end of the
fiscal period covered by this report, the GUC Trust s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. There were no material changes in the GUC Trust s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal period covered by this
report.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings.        Term Loan Avoidance Action.   
 On July 31, 2009, the Committee, on behalf of the Debtors, commenced the Term Loan Avoidance Action. Among other things, the Term Loan
Avoidance Action seeks the return of approximately $1.5 billion that had been transferred to a consortium of prepetition lenders pursuant to the terms of the order approving the DIP Credit Agreement on the theory that the pre-petition filing of a
particular UCC-3 termination statement, or the UCC-3, had the effect of rendering such lenders  previously perfected security interest in certain assets of the Debtors, or the UCC Collateral, unperfected on the date of the Debtors 
bankruptcy filings.    On July 1, 2010, the Committee filed a motion for partial summary judgment, or the Committee Summary Judgment
Motion, seeking a ruling in favor of the Committee with respect to the perfection of the lenders  security interest in the UCC Collateral. Also on July 1, 2010, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. filed its own summary judgment motion, or the
JPMorgan Summary Judgment Motion (and, together with the Committee Summary Judgment Motion, the Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment), seeking a ruling in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., with respect to the perfection of the lenders  security
interest in the UCC Collateral. On the Dissolution Date, while the Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment were still pending, the right to prosecute the Term Loan Avoidance Action was transferred to the Avoidance Action Trust. To the extent that the
Avoidance Action Trust Administrator is successful in obtaining and collecting a judgment against the defendant(s) therein, Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims will arise in the amount actually collected from the defendant(s), and in the name of such
defendant(s).    On March 1, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court rendered a decision on the Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment, holding that
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or the Administrative Agent, had not authorized the filing of the UCC-3, and thus the lenders  security interest in the UCC Collateral remained properly perfected on the date of the Debtors  bankruptcy filings.
The Bankruptcy Court subsequently entered an order and a judgment on the Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment, which distilled the decision on Cross-Motions for Summary Judgment into an order denying the Committee Summary Judgment Motion and granting
the JPMorgan Summary Judgment Motion. On March 7, 2013, the Avoidance Action Trust appealed the order and judgment, which appeal was heard directly by the Second Circuit.  
 On January 21, 2015, the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court s grant of summary judgment for the Administrative Agent,
holding that the Administrative Agent had authorized the filing of the UCC-3 and thereby extinguished the lenders  perfected security interest in the UCC Collateral. The Administrative Agent subsequently filed a petition for rehearing en banc,
which petition was denied by the Second Circuit. On April 20, 2015, the Second Circuit issued a mandate instructing the Bankruptcy Court to enter partial summary judgment for the Committee, which judgment was entered by the Bankruptcy Court on
June 12, 2015. Pursuant to a scheduling order entered by the Bankruptcy Court on May 19, 2015, the Avoidance Action Trust filed an amended complaint against the defendants to the Term Loan Avoidance Action on May 20, 2015.  
 Beginning on November 16, 2015, numerous defendants filed motions seeking to dismiss the amended complaint or to obtain a judgment on the
pleadings. The Bankruptcy Court heard oral argument with respect to the motions to dismiss and motions for judgment on the pleadings on April 18, 2016. The Bankruptcy Court denied all of the motions to dismiss in an opinion and order dated
June 30, 2016. A group of defendants filed a motion for leave to appeal from the Bankruptcy Court s opinion and order. That motion for leave to appeal is currently pending before the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York.    On November 9, 2016, the Avoidance Action Trust filed a stipulation and proposed order that was signed by counsel to
the Avoidance Action Trust, counsel to the Administrative Agent and counsel to certain defendants to the Term Loan Avoidance Action, which stipulation, if approved by the Bankruptcy Court, would have the effect of dismissing approximately $28.2
million in preference claims that were asserted by the Avoidance Action Trust in its amended complaint. As of the date hereof, the Bankruptcy Court has not yet entered the stipulation and proposed order.  
 The Term Loan Avoidance Action is currently governed by scheduling orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court. At a status conference before the
Bankruptcy Court on September 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court scheduled a trial on a number of the key issues in the Term Loan Avoidance Action to commence on April 24, 2017.  
 As described above in Note 2 ( Plan of Liquidation ) to the financial statements, the successful prosecution of, and recovery under,
the Term Loan Avoidance Action would result in the incurrence of additional Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims against the GUC Trust, the holders of which claims would be entitled to receive a distribution of Distributable Cash (including the related
Dividend Cash) from the GUC Trust. It is not known, however, whether holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims would benefit from any cash recovered under the Term Loan Avoidance Action. Moreover, beneficial interests in the Avoidance Action Trust
(if any) remain with holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, rather than beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units. As such, a holder of a GUC Trust Unit that does not hold a corresponding Allowed General Unsecured Claim could potentially have its
recovery diluted through the incurrence of Term Loan Avoidance Action Claims by the GUC Trust, without receiving the benefit of any cash recovered pursuant to the Term Loan Avoidance Action.  
 The Avoidance Action Trust was established under the Plan and is independent of the GUC Trust. The proper beneficiaries of the proceeds of the
Term Loan Avoidance Action has been a matter of dispute, with both the DIP Lenders and the Committee, on behalf of the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, claiming sole rights to such proceeds. On June 6, 2011, the Committee commenced
an adversary proceeding seeking a declaratory judgment that (i) the DIP Lenders are not entitled to any proceeds of the  
      41  

Table of Contents  

Term Loan Avoidance Action and have no interests in the Avoidance Action Trust, and (ii) the holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims have the exclusive right to receive any and all
proceeds of the Term Loan Avoidance Action, and are the exclusive beneficiaries of the Avoidance Action Trust. On December 2, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order in favor of the Committee, denying the DIP Lenders  motions to
dismiss and for summary judgment. On December 16, 2011, the DIP Lenders appealed this and other related rulings and decisions of the Bankruptcy Court. On July 3, 2012, the District Court for the Southern District of New York vacated the
Bankruptcy Court s judgment and remanded the case to the Bankruptcy Court, with instructions for the Bankruptcy Court judge to dismiss the Committee s complaint without prejudice for want of subject matter jurisdiction. On
July 16, 2016, the Committee and the Avoidance Action Trust filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking, among other relief, approval of a settlement between the DIP Lenders and the Committee resolving their dispute about the entitlement
to proceeds of the Term Loan Avoidance Action. On August 24, 2016, the Approval Order was entered by the Bankruptcy Court. Pursuant to the Approval Order, the Bankruptcy Court has now approved a settlement of this dispute according to
which, after the repayment by the Avoidance Action Trust of certain cash advances, any distributable proceeds are to be allocated and paid as follows: 70% to holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims and 30% to the DIP Lenders. The Approval Order
remains subject to a pending appeal to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Regardless of the outcome of the appeal, beneficial interests in the Avoidance Action Trust (if any) will remain with the DIP Lenders and the
holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, rather than beneficiaries of GUC Trust Units.     General Motors Product Recalls   
 In its annual report on Form 10-K filed February 3, 2016, New GM disclosed that, since the beginning of 2014, New GM had recalled
approximately 2.6 million vehicles to repair ignition switches or to fix ignition lock cylinders, or the Ignition Switch Recall, and had recalled an additional 33.8 million vehicles to address certain electrical and other safety concerns,
including approximately 12.1 million vehicles to rework or replace ignition keys. New GM does not consider any of these 12.1 million vehicles to be a part of the Ignition Switch Recall.  
 Many of the vehicles affected by the foregoing recalls were manufactured or sold prior to July 10, 2009, or the Closing Date, the date on
which the sale of substantially all of the assets of Old GM pursuant to the MSPA was completed.    In its quarterly report on Form 10-Q
filed October 25, 2016, New GM also disclosed that, as of October 19, 2016, 100 putative class actions were pending against New GM in various federal and state trial courts in the United States seeking compensatory and other damages for
economic losses allegedly resulting from one or more of the recalls announced in 2014 and/or the underlying condition of vehicles covered by those recalls. Certain of these 100 cases, or the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions, concern the
Ignition Switch Recall, certain other cases, or the Other Economic Loss Actions, concern recalls other than the Ignition Switch Recall, and yet others concern both the Ignition Switch Recall and one or more other recalls (such actions are described
herein interchangeably as Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions or Other Economic Loss Actions). In addition, New GM disclosed that, as of October 19, 2016, 286 actions were pending against New GM in various federal and state courts in the
United States seeking compensatory and other damages for personal injury and other claims allegedly arising from accidents that occurred as a result of the underlying condition of the vehicles subject to the recalls initiated by New GM. Certain of
these 286 cases, or the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions, concern the Ignition Switch Recall, certain other cases, or the Other Personal Injury Actions, concern recalls other than the Ignition Switch Recall, and yet others concern both the
Ignition Switch Recall and one or more other recalls (such actions are described herein interchangeably as Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions or Other Personal Injury Actions).  
 Since June 2014, 306 Recall-Related Actions have been transferred to the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, or
the MDL Court, and have been consolidated into a single case, case number 14-MD-2543 (JMF), or the MDL Proceeding. Since September 17, 2015, New GM has reached various agreements with certain personal injury claimants regarding possible
settlement of their claims.    Concurrently with the proceedings before the MDL Court, New GM has taken steps in the Bankruptcy Court to
enjoin the subject Recall-Related Actions. In that respect, beginning on April 21, 2014, New GM filed a series of motions with the Bankruptcy Court seeking to enjoin the Subject Recall-Related Actions and to enforce the Sale Order and
Injunction entered on July 5, 2009, or the Sale Order (under which all product liability and property damage claims arising from accidents or incidents prior to the Closing Date were to remain with Old GM as general unsecured claims), or the
Motions to Enforce.    Beginning on May 16, 2014, the Bankruptcy Court entered a series of scheduling orders which identified a number
of  threshold issues  to be resolved by the Bankruptcy Court, including (i) whether plaintiffs  procedural due process rights were violated in connection with the 363 Transaction, (ii) if such due process rights were
violated, what is the appropriate remedy, (iii) whether any or all of the claims asserted in the Subject Recall-Related Actions are claims against Old GM and/or the GUC Trust, and (iv) whether any such claims against Old GM and/or the GUC
Trust should be dismissed as equitably moot. The GUC Trust appeared as a party in interest with respect to New GM s Motions to Enforce and filed briefs in opposition thereto, asserting that none of the claims of the plaintiffs in the Subject
Recall-Related Actions may be properly asserted against Old GM or the GUC Trust.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  On April 15, 2015, the Bankruptcy Court rendered a decision, or the Threshold Issues
Decision, on the threshold issues holding (among other things) that the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions may seek authorization to file late claims in the bankruptcy cases of Old
GM, but that any such claims as against the GUC Trust are  equitably moot  (that is, fashioning relief for the plaintiffs against the GUC Trust would be  impractical, imprudent and therefore inequitable ), and thus the assets of
the GUC Trust cannot be used to satisfy such claims, or the Equitable Mootness Finding.    On June 1, 2015, the Bankruptcy Court issued
a judgment, or the Threshold Issues Judgment, which clarifies the terms of the Threshold Issues Decision and distills the Bankruptcy Court s holdings into a binding order. The Threshold Issues Judgment provides, in pertinent part, that:  
 (i) The plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions suffered a due process violation with respect to the Sale Order, whereas the
plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions did not suffer a due process violation with respect to the Sale Order;    (ii) As a
result of the due process violation, the provisions of the Sale Order which purport to shield New GM from any liability associated with its independent post-Sale actions can be modified, and the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss
Actions may proceed against New GM with respect to its independent post-Sale actions;    (iii) Any claims asserted in the Ignition Switch
Economic Loss Actions and the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions that relate to actions of Old GM are enjoined from being pursued against New GM on successor liability grounds;  
 (iv) Given the Equitable Mootness Finding, the assets of the GUC Trust cannot be utilized to satisfy any claims that may be filed by plaintiffs
in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions after the date of entry of the Threshold Issues Judgment; and  
 (v) Pursuant to section 502(j) of the Bankruptcy Code, assets of the GUC Trust may be used to satisfy previously allowed or disallowed claims
that are reconsidered for cause. Hence, any person who holds a previously allowed or disallowed claim may seek to have that claim reconsidered by the Bankruptcy Court, and in the event that any such claimant prevails in an application for
reconsideration, the resulting additional allowed claims could dilute the recoveries of holders of GUC Trust Units.    The Equitable
Mootness Finding became binding on plaintiffs in the Other Economic Loss Actions and Other Personal Injury Actions pursuant to a decision and order of the Bankruptcy Court dated September 3, 2015. In addition, following entry of the Threshold
Issues Judgment, certain plaintiffs filed amended complaints in the MDL Proceeding on June 12, 2015, July 19, 2015 and December 17, 2015.  
 Certain plaintiffs in the Recall-Related Actions appealed the Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold Issues Judgment, and New GM and the GUC
Trust each filed cross-appeals with respect to the Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold Issues Judgment. On September 22, 2015, the Second Circuit entered an order granting a direct appeal of the Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold
Issues Judgment to the Second Circuit. Pursuant to later scheduling orders entered by the Second Circuit, briefing commenced on November 16, 2015 and concluded on February 22, 2016. The Second Circuit heard oral argument on the appeals and
cross appeals on March 15, 2016.    On July 13, 2016, the Second Circuit reached a decision in the appeal, or the Threshold Issues
Appeal Decision. In the Threshold Issues Appeal Decision, the Second Circuit held, in pertinent part, that plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions involved in pre-closing accidents, or the Pre-Closing Accident Plaintiffs, and
plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions who acquired their vehicles pre-closing were entitled to, but did not receive, direct-mail notice of the Sale because Old GM  knew or reasonably should have known about the ignition switch
defect prior to bankruptcy.  The Second Circuit also noted that it could not say with fair assurance that the outcome of the Sale would have been the same had Old GM given plaintiffs adequate notice of the ignition switch defect and the Sale,
and these plaintiffs voiced their objections to those provisions of the Sale Order barring their claims against New GM. Accordingly, the Second Circuit ruled that enforcing the Sale Order against the Pre-Closing Accident Plaintiffs and the Ignition
Switch Plaintiffs would violate their procedural due process rights in these circumstances, and therefore, they cannot be bound by the terms of the Sale Order. As a result, the court held that those plaintiffs are not enjoined from pursuing
claims against New GM.    The Second Circuit further held that the Bankruptcy Court lacked subject-matter jurisdiction to issue its
Equitable Mootness Finding because no plaintiff has asserted a claim against the GUC Trust. Therefore, the Second Circuit held, the Bankruptcy Court s Equitable Mootness Finding was purely advisory. The Second Circuit did not,
however, express any opinion as to the merits of whether claims against the GUC Trust would be equitably moot if brought against the GUC Trust.  
 In addition, the Second Circuit held that the Sale Order cannot enjoin independent claims relating to New GM s post-Sale conduct. It
also held that claims by plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions who bought used GM vehicles post-Sale are not bound by the Sale Order and, therefore, are not enjoined from pursuing claims against New GM for their losses, because
those claimants lacked a pre-Sale connection to Old GM at the time Old GM filed its bankruptcy petition.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  The Second Circuit remanded to the Bankruptcy Court for it to conduct further proceedings as to
claims by plaintiffs in Other Personal Injury Actions and Other Economic Loss Actions.    On September 14, 2016, the Second Circuit
denied New GM s petition for rehearing by the panel that issued the Threshold Issues Appeal Decision and by all of the active judges of the Second Circuit. New GM has said that it will pursue a petition for a writ of certiorari in the
Supreme Court of the United States. That petition is currently due in mid-December 2016.    On September 30, 2016, the Second Circuit
denied New GM s request to stay the appellate court s mandate. As a result, jurisdiction over the case was returned to the Bankruptcy Court. The parties have been discussing the issues that remain to be resolved in the Bankruptcy Court and
are scheduled to appear before the Bankruptcy Court for a status conference on November 16, 2016.    Other Matters   
 In addition, the GUC Trust has been named a defendant in two actions by individual plaintiffs with separate personal claims against Old GM. One
of these claimants is seeking, in light of the recalls by New GM, to overturn the terms of a previous settlement with Old GM for personal injuries/wrongful deaths that occurred prior to the Closing Date. Although the GUC Trust and New GM defeated an
effort by that claimant to obtain relief in the Bankruptcy Court from her settlement, the claimant appealed that ruling to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On June 21, 2016, the District Court
affirmed the Bankruptcy Court s order denying the claimant s effort to obtain relief. The claimant has appealed the District Court s ruling to the Second Circuit and filed her opening brief on October 18, 2016. The GUC
Trust s and New GM s responses will be filed on or before January 17, 2017.    The other claimant is seeking relief from the
Bankruptcy Court to pursue tort claims against New GM, or in the alternative, to file a post-bar-date proof of claim against Old GM s bankruptcy estate. That claimant s motion is still pending in the Bankruptcy Court.  
 Neither plaintiff has asserted a claim for specified monetary damages, but the GUC Trust intends to vigorously defend its position against
such claimants.     New GM Securities Class Action   
 On March 21, 2014, a putative class action was initiated against New GM on behalf of all persons and entities that purchased or otherwise
acquired New GM Common Stock during the period from November 17, 2010 through July 24, 2014, inclusive, and suffered damages. In November 2015, New GM reached a proposed settlement (subject to approval by the court in which the action is
pending) of the class action. The proposed settlement amount is an aggregate of $300 million, plus earned interest, and, after deducting certain expenses, including attorneys  fees and costs and taxes on the earned interest, the settlement
amount will be distributed in cash (pro rata by the relative size of their claims) to all members of the settlement class who submit a valid and timely claim form. The GUC Trust timely filed a proof of claim with the settlement administrator.
However, the amount of the GUC Trust s potential recovery is not estimable at this time.    Other than the foregoing, during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, no material changes occurred with respect to any legal proceedings relating to the GUC Trust, as compared to the disclosures included in the GUC Trust s prior filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.         No assurance may be given that claims relating to accidents or
other incidents, including recalls involving General Motors vehicles manufactured or sold prior to July 10, 2009, and/or settlements previously reached with plaintiffs asserting such claims, will not adversely affect the GUC Trust, its assets
or the Plan.      In its annual report on Form 10-K filed February 3, 2016, New GM disclosed that, since the beginning of 2014,
New GM had recalled approximately 2.6 million vehicles to repair ignition switches or to fix ignition lock cylinders, or the Ignition Switch Recall, and had recalled an additional 33.8 million vehicles to address certain electrical and
other safety concerns, including approximately 12.1 million vehicles to rework or replace ignition keys. New GM does not consider any of these 12.1 million vehicles to be a part of the Ignition Switch Recall.  
 Many of the vehicles affected by the foregoing recalls were manufactured or sold prior to July 10, 2009, or the Closing Date, the date on
which the sale of substantially all of the assets of Old GM pursuant to the MSPA was completed.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

  In its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed October 25, 2016, New GM also disclosed that, as
of October 19, 2016, 100 putative class actions were pending against New GM in various federal and state trial courts in the United States seeking compensatory and other damages for economic losses allegedly resulting from one or more of the
recalls announced in 2014 and/or the underlying condition of vehicles covered by those recalls. Certain of these 100 cases, or the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions, concern the Ignition Switch Recall, certain other cases, or the Other Economic
Loss Actions, concern recalls other than the Ignition Switch Recall, and yet others concern both the Ignition Switch Recall and one or more other recalls (such actions are described herein interchangeably as Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions or
Other Economic Loss Actions). In addition, New GM disclosed that, as of October 19, 2016, 286 actions were pending against New GM in various federal and state courts in the United States seeking compensatory and other damages for personal
injury and other claims allegedly arising from accidents that occurred as a result of the underlying condition of the vehicles subject to the recalls initiated by New GM. Certain of these 286 cases, or the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions,
concern the Ignition Switch Recall, certain other cases, or the Other Personal Injury Actions, concern recalls other than the Ignition Switch Recall, and yet others concern both the Ignition Switch Recall and one or more other recalls (such actions
are described herein interchangeably as Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions or Other Personal Injury Actions).    Since June 2014, 306
Recall-Related Actions have been transferred to the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, or the MDL Court, and have been consolidated into a single case, case number 14-MD-2543 (JMF), or the MDL Proceeding. Since
September 17, 2015, New GM has reached various agreements with certain personal injury claimants regarding possible settlement of their claims.  
 Concurrently with the proceedings before the MDL Court, New GM has taken steps in the Bankruptcy Court to enjoin the subject Recall-Related
Actions. In that respect, beginning on April 21, 2014, New GM filed a series of motions with the Bankruptcy Court seeking to enjoin the Subject Recall-Related Actions and to enforce the Sale Order and Injunction entered on July 5, 2009, or
the Sale Order (under which all product liability and property damage claims arising from accidents or incidents prior to the Closing Date were to remain with Old GM as general unsecured claims), or the Motions to Enforce.  
 Beginning on May 16, 2014, the Bankruptcy Court entered a series of scheduling orders which identified a number of  threshold
issues  to be resolved by the Bankruptcy Court, including (i) whether plaintiffs  procedural due process rights were violated in connection with the 363 Transaction, (ii) if such due process rights were violated, what is the
appropriate remedy, (iii) whether any or all of the claims asserted in the Subject Recall-Related Actions are claims against Old GM and/or the GUC Trust, and (iv) whether any such claims against Old GM and/or the GUC Trust should be
dismissed as equitably moot. The GUC Trust appeared as a party in interest with respect to New GM s Motions to Enforce and filed briefs in opposition thereto, asserting that none of the claims of the plaintiffs in the Subject Recall-Related
Actions may be properly asserted against Old GM or the GUC Trust.    On April 15, 2015, the Bankruptcy Court rendered a decision, or
the Threshold Issues Decision, on the threshold issues holding (among other things) that the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions may seek authorization to file late claims in the
bankruptcy cases of Old GM, but that any such claims as against the GUC Trust are  equitably moot  (that is, fashioning relief for the plaintiffs against the GUC Trust would be  impractical, imprudent and therefore inequitable ),
and thus the assets of the GUC Trust cannot be used to satisfy such claims, or the Equitable Mootness Finding.    On June 1, 2015, the
Bankruptcy Court issued a judgment, or the Threshold Issues Judgment, which clarifies the terms of the Threshold Issues Decision and distills the Bankruptcy Court s holdings into a binding order. The Threshold Issues Judgment provides, in
pertinent part, that:    (i) The plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions suffered a due process violation with respect to the
Sale Order, whereas the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions did not suffer a due process violation with respect to the Sale Order;  
 (ii) As a result of the due process violation, the provisions of the Sale Order which purport to shield New GM from any liability associated
with its independent post-Sale actions can be modified, and the plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions may proceed against New GM with respect to its independent post-Sale actions;  
 (iii) Any claims asserted in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and the Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions that relate to actions
of Old GM are enjoined from being pursued against New GM on successor liability grounds;    (iv) Given the Equitable Mootness Finding, the
assets of the GUC Trust cannot be utilized to satisfy any claims that may be filed by plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions and Ignition Switch Personal Injury Actions after the date of entry of the Threshold Issues Judgment; and
   (v) Pursuant to section 502(j) of the Bankruptcy Code, assets of the GUC Trust may be used to satisfy previously allowed or disallowed
claims that are reconsidered for cause. Hence, any person who holds a previously allowed or disallowed claim may seek to have that claim reconsidered by the Bankruptcy Court, and in the event that any such claimant prevails in an application for
reconsideration, the resulting additional allowed claims could dilute the recoveries of holders of GUC Trust Units.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  The Equitable Mootness Finding became binding on plaintiffs in the Other Economic Loss Actions
and Other Personal Injury Actions pursuant to a decision and order of the Bankruptcy Court dated September 3, 2015. In addition, following entry of the Threshold Issues Judgment, certain plaintiffs filed amended complaints in the MDL Proceeding
on June 12, 2015, July 19, 2015 and December 17, 2015.    Certain plaintiffs in the Recall-Related Actions appealed the
Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold Issues Judgment, and New GM and the GUC Trust each filed cross-appeals with respect to the Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold Issues Judgment. On September 22, 2015, the Second Circuit entered an
order granting a direct appeal of the Threshold Issues Decision and Threshold Issues Judgment to the Second Circuit. Pursuant to later scheduling orders entered by the Second Circuit, briefing commenced on November 16, 2015 and concluded on
February 22, 2016. The Second Circuit heard oral argument on the appeals and cross appeals on March 15, 2016.    On July 13,
2016, the Second Circuit reached a decision in the appeal, or the Threshold Issues Appeal Decision. In the Threshold Issues Appeal Decision, the Second Circuit held, in pertinent part, that plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Personal Injury
Actions involved in pre-closing accidents, or the Pre-Closing Accident Plaintiffs, and plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions who acquired their vehicles pre-closing were entitled to, but did not receive, direct-mail notice of the
Sale because Old GM  knew or reasonably should have known about the ignition switch defect prior to bankruptcy.  The Second Circuit also noted that it could not say with fair assurance that the outcome of the Sale would have been the same
had Old GM given plaintiffs adequate notice of the ignition switch defect and the Sale, and these plaintiffs voiced their objections to those provisions of the Sale Order barring their claims against New GM. Accordingly, the Second Circuit ruled
that enforcing the Sale Order against the Pre-Closing Accident Plaintiffs and the Ignition Switch Plaintiffs would violate their procedural due process rights in these circumstances, and therefore, they cannot be bound by the terms of the Sale
Order. As a result, the court held that those plaintiffs are not enjoined from pursuing claims against New GM.    The Second Circuit
further held that the Bankruptcy Court lacked subject-matter jurisdiction to issue its Equitable Mootness Finding because no plaintiff has asserted a claim against the GUC Trust. Therefore, the Second Circuit held, the Bankruptcy Court s
Equitable Mootness Finding was purely advisory. The Second Circuit did not, however, express any opinion as to the merits of whether claims against the GUC Trust would be equitably moot if brought against the GUC Trust.  
 In addition, the Second Circuit held that the Sale Order cannot enjoin independent claims relating to New GM s post-Sale conduct. It
also held that claims by plaintiffs in the Ignition Switch Economic Loss Actions who bought used GM vehicles post-Sale are not bound by the Sale Order and, therefore, are not enjoined from pursuing claims against New GM for their losses, because
those claimants lacked a pre-Sale connection to Old GM at the time Old GM filed its bankruptcy petition.    The Second Circuit remanded to
the Bankruptcy Court for it to conduct further proceedings as to claims by plaintiffs in Other Personal Injury Actions and Other Economic Loss Actions.  
 On September 14, 2016, Second Circuit denied New GM s petition for rehearing by the panel that issued the Threshold Issues Appeal
Decision and by all of the active judges of the Second Circuit. New GM has said that it will pursue a petition for a writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court of the United States. That petition is currently due in mid-December 2016.  
 On September 30, 2016, the Second Circuit denied New GM s request to stay the appellate court s mandate. As a result,
jurisdiction over the case was returned to the Bankruptcy Court. The parties have been discussing the issues that remain to be resolved in the Bankruptcy Court and are scheduled to appear before the Bankruptcy Court for a status conference on
November 16, 2016.   Other than the foregoing, there have been no material changes regarding risk factors from what was previously
included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2016.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       Disclosure under this item
is not required, pursuant to the no-action letter of the Securities and Exchange Commission to the GUC Trust dated May 23, 2012.      

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       Disclosure under this item is not required, pursuant
to the no-action letter of the Securities and Exchange Commission to the GUC Trust dated May 23, 2012.      

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures.       Not applicable.  

Item 5.  
  Other Information.       None.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits.         

Exhibit 
 No.  
    
   Description   

31 
    
 Section 302 Certification.  

32 
    
 Section 906 Certification.  

101 
    
 The following financial statements and notes thereto from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting
Language): (i) Condensed Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis) as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, (ii) Condensed Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis) for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Liquidation Basis) for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  
 
      48  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.    Date: November 10, 2016  

MOTORS LIQUIDATION COMPANY GUC TRUST   

By: 
   
 Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as trust administrator and trustee of the Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust  

By: 
   
   /s/ David A. Vanaskey   
 
 Name: 
   
 David A. Vanaskey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President of Wilmington Trust Company  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit 
 No.  
    
   Description   

31 
    
 Section 302 Certification.  

32 
    
 Section 906 Certification.  

101 
    
 The following financial statements and notes thereto from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting
Language): (i) Condensed Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis) as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, (ii) Condensed Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation (Liquidation Basis) for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Liquidation Basis) for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  

<EX-31>
 2
 d262248dex31.htm
 EX-31

EX-31 

Exhibit 31   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS AMENDED     I, David A.
Vanaskey, in my capacity as Vice President of Wilmington Trust Company, in its capacity as trust administrator and trustee of Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust (the  Trust ), certify that:  

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Trust;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the net assets and changes in net assets under the liquidation basis of
accounting of the Trust as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Trust and have:    

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Trust, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Trust s most recent fiscal quarter (the Trust s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial reporting ; and        

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation, to the Trust s auditors:        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Trust s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 10, 2016      

By: 
   
   /s/ David A. Vanaskey   
 
 Name: 
   
 David A. Vanaskey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President of Wilmington Trust Company  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 d262248dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,   
  as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) of Motors Liquidation Company GUC Trust (the
 Trust ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, David A. Vanaskey, as Vice President of Wilmington Trust Company, in its capacity as trust administrator and trustee of the Trust, does hereby certify as of
the date indicated below, pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Trust.    
 Date: November 10, 2016      

By: 
   
   /s/ David A. Vanaskey   
 
 Name: 
   
 David A. Vanaskey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President of Wilmington Trust Company  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 mtlqq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mtlqq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 mtlqq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 mtlqq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 mtlqq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 mtlqq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

