<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161118_10-Q_edgar_data_774937_0000721748-16-001807_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1393134</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>48090</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>86651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>441768</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>431931</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>339253</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721748-16-001807.hdr.sgml : 20161118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161118110213
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721748-16-001807
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energie Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000774937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				464897052
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28562
		FILM NUMBER:		162006753

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4885 WARD ROAD, SUITE 300
		CITY:			WHEAT RIDGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720) 963-8055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4885 WARD ROAD, SUITE 300
		CITY:			WHEAT RIDGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALAS AVIATION CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LMK Global Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERILINK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721748-16-001807.txt : 20161118

10-Q
 1
 eled10q111616.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016   

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________. 

Commission file number: 000-28562  

EXELED HOLDINGS INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (720) 963-8055  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X   No __ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  X   No __ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer __  
      Accelerated
    filer __  
      Non-accelerated
    filer __  
      Smaller
    reporting company X   

(Do
      not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

  Yes __ No  X   

As of November
16, 2016, there were 249,447,433 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding.  

EXELED HOLDINGS
INC.   

   Table of Contents   

Part
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
      1   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of
    Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      9   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
    Market Risk  
      12   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      13   

Part
    II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      13   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      14   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
    Use of Proceeds  
      14   
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults upon Senior Securities  
      14   
 
      Item 4.   
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      14   
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      14   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      14   

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION   

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ) contains  forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements
are based upon our current assumptions, expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on
our business. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words:  may,   will, 
 could,   would,   should,   expect,   intend,   plan, 
 anticipate,   believe,   approximately,   estimate,   predict,   project, 
 potential,   continue,   ongoing,  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology,
although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. This information may involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.  

Factors that may cause or contribute
actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, for example:  

adverse economic conditions;  

    risks related to the construction
market;  

    risks related to the U.S.
import market;  

    the inability to attract
and retain qualified senior management and technical personnel;  

    other risks and uncertainties
related to the changing lighting market and our business strategy.  

All forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other
information contained herein, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Stockholders and potential investors
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations
reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, we cannot assure stockholders and potential
investors that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved.  

These forward-looking
statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different
time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other
matters addressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

PART I. Financial Information   

Item 1.  Financial Statements    

EXELED HOLDINGS
INC.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Table Of Contents       1        

EXELED HOLDINGS
INC.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

Table Of Contents       2        

EXELED HOLDINGS
INC.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Table Of Contents       3        

EXELED
HOLDINGS INC.   

   Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   

Note 1   Description of
Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

ExeLED Holdings Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on October 20, 1986 under the name  Verilink Corporation.  We have also been known as Energie
Holdings, Inc. and Alas Aviation Corp. We have two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Energie LLC (hereinafter referred to as  Energie ),
and OELC, LLC.  

All references herein to  us, 
 we,   our,   Holdings,  or the  Company  refer to ExeLED Holdings Inc. and its
subsidiaries.  

Description of Business    

We are focused on acquiring and growing
specialized LED lighting companies for the architecture and interior design markets for both commercial and residential applications.
Our lighting products include both conventional fixtures and advanced solid-state technology that can integrate with digital controls
and day-lighting to create energy efficiencies and a better visual environment. Our objective is to grow, innovate, and fully
capture the rapidly growing lighting market opportunities associated with solid state lighting.  

nergie was founded in 2001
and is engaged in the import and sale of specialized interior lighting solutions to the architecture and interior design markets
in North America. Our headquarters is located in Wheat Ridge, Colorado, and we also maintain a production and assembly facility
in Zeeland, Michigan.  

Basis of Presentation    

The accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, has been derived from audited financial statements. The accompanying unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial statements.
In the opinion of management, such unaudited information includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals)
necessary for a fair presentation of this interim information. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Operating results and cash flows for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that can be expected for the entire
year. The information included in this report should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Significant Accounting Policies    

In accordance with
the FASB s issuance of ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs  (ASU 2015-03) and ASU No. 2015-15,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):
Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to
SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update)  (ASU 2015-15), we have changed our
presentation of debt issuance costs. Consistent with the application of ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15, we now present debt issuance
costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt rather than as an asset on the condensed consolidated balance
sheet. The impact of this change on the condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
was a decrease of total assets and a decrease of debt and total liabilities of $236,017. The impact of this change on the condensed
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 was a decrease of total assets and a decrease of debt and
total liabilities of $101,358. The change had no impact on shareholders  equity (deficit) or net loss in either period.  

Table Of Contents       4        

Going Concern    

As shown in the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements, we had an equity deficit of $12,421,222 and a working capital deficit of $11,862,601 as of
September 30, 2016, and have reported net losses of $2,575,522 and $2,026,403 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.   

Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to further implement our business plan, attract additional capital
and, ultimately, upon our ability to develop future profitable operations. We intend to fund our business development, acquisition
endeavors and operations through equity and debt financing arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that these arrangements
will be sufficient to fund our ongoing capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. The outcome of these
matters cannot be predicted at this time. These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue
as a going concern. Additionally, current economic conditions in the United States and globally create significant challenges
attaining sufficient funding.  

Reclassifications    

Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.  

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements    

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (ASU 2016-10). Stakeholders indicated that there is a diversity in practice in
how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 addresses
eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
Adoption of ASU 2016-15 will not have a significant impact on our statement of cash flows.  

Note 2   Accounts receivable   

The following is a summary of accounts
receivable:  

Note 3   Inventory   

The following is a summary of inventory:  

Table Of Contents       5        

Note 4   Debt   

Debt is comprised of the
following:    

A   Line
of Credit    We utilized this entire bank line of credit for working capital purposes. The outstanding obligation is
due on demand, has a stated initial interest rate of 10.5% that is subject to adjustment, and is guaranteed by our majority shareholder/CEO.
Energie and our CEO (collectively, the  defendants ) were served with a summons and complaint, wherein the bank brought
an action to collect the amount due, including interest, costs and attorney s fees. The parties to this action have entered
into a settlement whereby the defendants agreed to pay to the bank the sum of $59,177 on or before April 30, 2016. This payment
was not made and the bank requested and received a judgment against both defendants jointly and severally for $61,502 plus interest
of 5.25% per annum plus 9.90% per annum on the default margin. Energie is currently making payments to resolve this obligation.  

B     Note
payable to distribution partner    Note payable to a significant European distribution partner, entered into in October
2014, bearing interest at 5% payable quarterly, with principal payable monthly through September 2019. The 2014 note payable aggregated
the 2007 promissory note, accrued interest and accounts payable.  

C     Investor
Debt    Notes payable to lenders having an ownership interest in Holdings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
These loans are not collateralized. The following summarizes the terms and balances of the investor debt:  

D    Related Party
Debt    The following summarizes notes payable to related parties:  

Table Of Contents       6        

D1    Notes
payable to Symbiote, Inc. ( Symbiote ), entered into from December 2014 to June 2016, with monthly principal and interest
payable through November 2017. Symbiote holds a large ownership percentage in Holdings, is the lessor of our manufacturing facility,
and provides our payroll services.  

D2    Notes
payable to an executive vice president, entered into from December 2014 through December 2015, with monthly principal and interest
payable through November 2017.  

D3    Note
payable to our chief executive officer ( CEO ), entered into in December 2014, with monthly principal and interest
payable through December 2016.  

D4    Notes
payable to the spouse of our CEO, entered into from September 2013 to April 2015, with principal and interest payments due upon
a specific event or upon demand.  

D5   
Notes payable to the consulting firm that employs our Chief Financial Officer, entered into in June 2015. These notes aggregated
the previous accounts payable and accrued interest due to the consulting firm. Beginning January 1, 2016, the notes are convertible
into shares of our common stock at a conversion rate of 75% of the volume weighted average market price of our stock over the
20 days preceding the notification of conversion. We determined that this conversion feature did not meet the requirements to
be treated as a derivative; however, we did determine it was a beneficial conversion feature. Accordingly, we recorded a debt
discount of $217,725, which was amortized through interest expense.  

D6    Notes
payable to the principal shareholders of Symbiote, entered into from April to September 2016, with principal and interest payments
due upon a specific event or upon demand.  

E     Other
Notes Payable    Represents the outstanding principal balance on four separate notes bearing interest at 6 - 18% annually.
In the event we receive proceeds as the beneficiary of a life insurance policy covering our majority shareholder/CEO, repayment
of principal and interest is due on these notes prior to using the proceeds for any other purpose.  

F   Cash draw
agreements    Under these agreements, the lender advances us the principal balance and then automatically withdraws a
stated amount each business day. Accordingly, there is no stated interest rate. The total remaining daily payments due under these
arrangements was $205,563 as of September 30, 2016. The maturity dates of the agreements range from October to December 2016.  

G     Convertible promissory
notes    Represents the outstanding principal balance on two separate convertible promissory with interest of 8% annually,
that were due in August 2016. During the third quarter of 2015, the current holder of the notes purchased all of our similar outstanding
convertible notes from another entity and consolidated those notes into two new notes. At the option of the holder, the notes
may be settled in cash or converted into shares of our common stock at any time beginning 180 days from the date of the notes
at a price equal to 61% of the average closing bid price of our common stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding
the date of conversion. As we failed to pay the notes when they became due, the balance due under the notes is now incurring interest
at the rate of 22% per annum. The notes contain additional terms and conditions normally included in instruments of this kind,
including a right of first refusal wherein we have granted the holders the right to match the terms of any future financing in
which we engage on the same terms and contemplated in such future financing. We estimate that the fair value of the conversion
feature is minimal, so no value has been assigned to the beneficial conversion feature. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, $82,800 of principal and $5,661 of accrued interest was converted into 135,532,715 shares of common stock. We also recorded
a loss on conversion of debt of $114,793 related to these transactions.  

Debt issuance costs of $236,017 are
being amortized over the life of the respective notes.  

Table Of Contents       7        

Note 5   Commitments
and Contingencies   

To the best of the Company s
knowledge and belief, no legal proceedings of merit are currently pending or threatened against the Company, other than those
described in Note 4.  

Note 6   Subsequent Events   

There are no events subsequent to
September 30, 2016 and up to the date of this filing that would require disclosure.  

Note 7   Net Loss per Share   

Basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted net loss
per share is computed similarly to basic net loss per share, except that it includes the potential dilution that could occur if
dilutive securities are exercised. In a net loss position, however, potential securities are excluded, because they are considered
anti-dilutive.  

There are no dilutive instruments
outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Table Of Contents       8        

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein. We caution readers regarding
certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by,
or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward looking statements are
statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments.
Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business,
economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect
to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We
disclaim any obligation to update forward looking statements except as may be required under applicable securities laws.   

Overview   

ExeLED Holdings Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on October 20, 1986 under the name  Verilink Corporation.  We have also been known as Energie
Holdings, Inc. and  Alas Aviation Corp.  On November 30, 2015, we filed a Certificate
of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware to change our name from  Energie Holdings, Inc. 
to  ExeLED Holdings Inc.  We have two wholly-owned subsidiaries,  nergie LLC (hereinafter referred to as   nergie ),
and OELC, LLC. All references herein to  us,   we,   our,   Holdings,  or the
 Company  refer to ExeLED Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their respective business following the consummation
of the Merger and Share Exchange Agreements, unless the context otherwise requires.  

We are a holding company engaged
in the business of the import and sale of specialized interior lighting solutions to the architecture and interior design markets
in North America. Our current business objective is to become a leading provider of advanced LED lighting solutions by acquiring
and growing complementary LED based lighting fixture companies. We are focused on acquiring specialized LED lighting companies
for the architecture and interior design markets for both commercial and residential applications, with the intention to grow,
innovate, and fully capture the rapidly growing lighting market opportunities associated with solid state lighting. The lighting
products will include both conventional fixtures and advanced solid-state technology that can integrate with digital controls
and day-lighting to create energy efficiencies and a better visual environment. These objectives are subject to our obtaining
additional financing, of which there can be no assurance.  

Our management team and advisory
board is comprised of experienced executives in the lighting industry with recent specific focus on the LED lighting industry.
The group has over 300 years of combined experience in this industry.  

Our principal place of business is
located at 4885 Ward Road, Suite 300, Wheat Ridge, Colorado, telephone (720) 963-8055. Our website is www.exeledholdings.com.
 nergie also maintains a production and assembly facility in Zeeland, Michigan.  nergie s website is www.energielighting.com.  

nergie acts as our operating
subsidiary. Our creative lighting products include both conventional fixtures and advanced solid-state technology that can integrate
with digital controls and day-lighting to create energy efficiencies and a better visual environment.  nergie was founded
in 2001and is engaged in the import and sale of specialized interior lighting solutions to the architecture and interior design
markets in North America. We have developed an end-to-end production and distribution platform for imported lighting products
featuring HID, fluorescent, and LED technologies. Long term contracts with five European manufacturers and one in Taiwan provide
us with exclusive North American distribution rights to over 270 total products in 37 categories. After processing any modifications
necessary to meet UL standards and building code requirements, the products are sold to customers through a network of over 60
independent lighting sales agents. In addition to a highly competitive commission structure, we provide our sales force with promotional
materials, product training, and technical support.  

Table Of Contents       9        

Our independent accountants have
expressed a  going concern  opinion. Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that
we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business.  The condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Results of Operations   

Sales Revenue, Cost of Revenue
and Gross Profit    

Sales revenue decreased in 2016 compared
to 2015 due to an overall lack of funding necessary for development and product launch costs. Cost of revenue decreased proportionally
to the decrease in revenues.  

Other    

Interest expense increased due to
additional gross debt of approximately $1,450,000 over the same period in 2015.  

Other income (expense) consists primarily
of expenses related to costs associated with debt and conversions of debt.  

Operating expenses   

The increase in operating expenses
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015 was driven by our payments for professional fees in an attempt
to secure external funding. The decrease in operating expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by controlling
our spending due to a limitation of funding.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

At September 30, 2016, we had $5,012
in cash. We have not generated positive cash flows from operations. Accordingly, our sources of liquidity may include potential
debt and equity offerings. We believe that our principal difficulty in our inability to successfully generate positive cash flows
has been the lack of available capital to operate and expand our business. We believe we need a minimum of approximately $2,000,000
in additional working capital to be utilized for (i) development and launching of new products for Energie; (ii) funding the business
development efforts to identify, qualify and acquire other LED lighting companies; and (iii) the balance for working capital,
and general and administrative expense. Other than as disclosed below, we have no other commitments from any investor or investment-banking
firm to provide us with the necessary funding and there can be no assurances we will obtain such funding in the future. Failure
to obtain this additional financing will have a material negative impact on our ability to generate profits in the future.  

To fund our acquisition plan and
fund working capital for our continuing operations, we continue to seek out and discuss financing with potential partners or lenders.
While no assurances can be provided, we expect that we will be able to obtain financing to implement our plans.  

In August 2015, LG Capital Funding
LLC, ( LG ) purchased from KBM Worldwide, Inc., ( KBM ) all outstanding convertible notes and accrued
interest payable to KBM under previous agreements with KBM. The outstanding amount due to KBM was restructured into two new convertible
notes under a Securities Purchase Agreement, Convertible Notes and other ancillary documents. Under these agreements, we issued
8% convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $188,684. These notes are convertible into shares of our common stock
at a price ranging from 58% - 65% of the lowest closing bid price of our common stock during the 15 trading days immediately preceding
the date of conversion. The notes contain additional terms and conditions normally included in instruments of this kind. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, LG converted $82,800 of principal and $5,661 of accrued interest into 135,532,715 shares
of common stock.  

On July 16, 2014 we entered into
an Investment Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with Dutchess Opportunity Fund, II, LP ( Dutchess ). Pursuant
to the Investment Agreement, Dutchess committed to purchase, subject to certain restrictions and conditions, up to $5 million
of our common stock upon issuance by us of a put to Dutchess at a price equal to ninety-four percent (94%) of the lowest daily
VWAP (volume weighted average price) of our common stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days beginning on the Put Notice
Date and ending on and including the date that is four (4) Trading Days after such Put Notice Date. The Put Amount shall be equal
to up to either 1) two hundred percent (200%) of the average daily volume (U.S. market only) of the common stock for the three
(3) Trading Days prior to the applicable Put Notice Date, multiplied by the average of the three (3) daily closing prices immediately
preceding the Put Date or 2) one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000). The obligation of Dutchess to purchase our shares is contingent
upon our filing of a registration statement registering the shares of our common stock with the US Securities and Exchange Commission
and such registration statement being declared effective, as well as our common stock continuing to be listed for trading, among
other things. We filed such a registration statement with the SEC on October 6, 2014 and it became effective on November 7, 2014.  

Working Capital    

Working capital is the amount by
which current assets exceed current liabilities. We had negative working capital of $11,862,601 and $8,468,294, respectively,
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The increase in negative working capital is due to the increase in gross debt
of approximately $1,140,000 since December 31, 2015, and a resulting increase in accrued liabilities of approximately $490,000
from interest expense. We also currently have insufficient cash flow to meet our debt obligations. This raises substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

Cash Flows    

Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing
activities were as follows:   

Net cash used in operating activities
increased in 2016 by $274,733 compared to 2015.  We relied heavily on increased debt, accounts payable, and accrued
liabilities to keep our operations running. We anticipate that overhead costs in current operations will increase in the future
if we are successful in raising the capital described herein as a result of our anticipated increased marketing and operating
activities.  

During 2016, we relied on additional
borrowings under both new and existing debt agreements. In 2016, net cash flows provided by financing activities were composed
of $1,253,921 of additional cash borrowings and $369,200 of debt pay down. In 2015, we borrowed $1,287,112 of additional debt
and paid down $704,601 of debt.  

Inflation    

Although our
operations are influenced by general economic conditions, we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results
of operations during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We had no off-balance sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Critical Accounting Estimates    

Our condensed consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the condensed consolidated financial
statements. The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and
circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. Certain accounting policies that
require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 in the Critical Accounting Policies section of Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk    

As a smaller reporting company,
as that term is defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

As required by Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we have carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.   This
evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer.  

Based on this evaluation, our CEO
and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016, because (a) we
have limited entity-level controls, because of the time constraints for our management team; (b) we have a lack of segregation
of duties due to limited personnel; and (c) we have not implemented adequate system-based and manual controls.  We have engaged
consultants to evaluate our processes and procedures, and to implement, document and test additional internal controls. We can
provide no assurance, however, that our disclosure controls will be effective in the near future.  

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There have been
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the last quarterly period covered by this report that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II. Other Information   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings    

In July 2015, Energie LLC and Harold
Hansen, our CEO (collectively,  the defendants ), were served with a summons and complaint wherein Vectra Bank Colorado,
National Association brought an action to collect monies due pursuant to a promissory note in the current principal balance of
$47,000, plus interest, costs, and attorneys  fees. The action was brought in the District Court for the City and County
of Denver, Colorado (the  Court ). On April 4, 2016, the parties to this action entered into a settlement agreement
whereby the defendants agreed to pay to Vectra Bank the sum of $59,177 on or before April 30, 2016. This payment was not made
and the bank requested and received a judgment against both defendants jointly and severally for $61,502 plus interest of 5.25%
per annum plus 9.90% per annum on the default margin. Energie is currently making payments to resolve this obligation.  

Other than
the above, we are not party to any material legal proceedings, nor have any such actions been threatened against us.  

Item 1A.  Risk Factors    

As a smaller reporting company, as
that term is defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item.  

Item 2.   Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, one of our lenders converted $49,632 of principal and interest on convertible promissory notes into 91,473,671 of our
common shares. This issuance was completed in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as amended, in an offering
without any public offering or distribution. These shares are restricted securities and include an appropriate restrictive legend.  

Item 3.  Defaults upon
Senior Securities    

None.  

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable.  

Item 5.  Other Information    

None.  

Item 6.  Exhibits    

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:  November 18, 2016  
         
      By:  
      /s/ Harold
    Hansen   

Harold Hansen   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

By:    
      /s/ Richard
    Cole Dennard   

Richard Cole Dennard   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 eled10q111616ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Harold Hansen, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ExeLED Holdings Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended September
30, 2016; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over
                                         financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
                                         under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
                                         reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
                                         with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
                                         registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                                         conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
                                         the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November
    18, 2016  

/s/
    Harold Hansen   

By:  
      Harold
    Hansen   

Chief
                                         Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 eled10q111616ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Cole Dennard, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
ExeLED Holdings Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over
                                         financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
                                         under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
                                         reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
                                         with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
                                         registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                                         conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
                                         the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting .    

Dated: November
    18, 2016  

/s/
    Richard Cole Dennard   

By  
      Richard
    Cole Dennard   

Chief
                                         Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 eled10q111616ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350,

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of ExeLED Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, the undersigned, in the capacities
and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November
    18, 2016  

/s/
    Harold Hansen   

By:  
      Harold
    Hansen   

Chief
                                         Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

Dated: November
    18, 2016  

/s/
    Richard Cole Dennard   

By:  
      Richard
    Cole Dennard   

Chief
                                         Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 eled-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eled-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 eled-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eled-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eled-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eled-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

