<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1519401_0001193125-16-749779_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5887341</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130498</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313104</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1083463</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2545286</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1438347</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-749779.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027163309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-749779
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Regional Management Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519401
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				570847115
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35477
		FILM NUMBER:		161955917

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		979 BATESVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			GREER
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29651
		BUSINESS PHONE:		864-448-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		979 BATESVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			GREER
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29651

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-749779.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 d231882d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period ended
                         
  Commission File Number: 001-35477        
       Regional
Management Corp.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  57-0847115   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

979 Batesville Road, Suite B  
  Greer, South Carolina   
   
  29651   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (864) 448-7000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 26, 2016, the registrant had outstanding
11,444,998 shares of Common Stock, $0.10 par value.          

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          
    Regional Management Corp. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (in thousands, except par value amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     Regional Management Corp. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Income   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Regional Management Corp. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Regional Management Corp. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Regional Management Corp. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      Note 1. Nature of
Business     Regional Management Corp. (the   Company  ) was incorporated and began operations in 1987. The Company is engaged in the
consumer finance business, offering small loans, large loans, automobile loans, retail loans, and related credit insurance. As of September 30, 2016, the Company operated offices in 338 locations in the states of Alabama (49 offices), Georgia (8
offices), New Mexico (18 offices), North Carolina (36 offices), Oklahoma (28 offices), South Carolina (72 offices), Tennessee (21 offices), Texas (98 offices), and Virginia (8 offices) under the names Regional Finance and RMC Retail. The Company
opened 7 net new offices during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Seasonality:  The Company s loan volume and contractual delinquency
follow seasonal trends. Demand for the Company s loans is typically highest during the second, third, and fourth quarters, which the Company believes is largely due to customers borrowing money for vacation, back-to-school, and holiday
spending. With the exception of automobile loans, loan demand has generally been the lowest during the first quarter, which the Company believes is largely due to the timing of income tax refunds. Delinquencies generally reach their lowest point in
the first quarter of the year and rise throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Consequently, the Company experiences seasonal fluctuations in its operating results and cash needs.  
  Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies   
  Basis of presentation:  The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (  SEC  ) and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (  GAAP  ) for interim financial information and, accordingly,
do not include all information and note disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The interim financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have not been audited by an independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), but in the opinion of management, the interim financial statements include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for
a fair presentation of the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in accordance with GAAP. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC.     Significant accounting policies:  The following is a description
of significant accounting policies used in preparing the financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with GAAP and conform to general practices within the consumer finance industry.  
   Business segments:   The Company has one reportable segment, which is the consumer finance segment. The other revenue generating activities
of the Company, including insurance operations, are performed in the existing branch network in conjunction with or as a complement to the lending operations.  
   Principles of consolidation:   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company operates through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary in each state. The Company also consolidates variable interest entities
(  VIE  ) when it is considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE because it has (i) power over the significant activities of the VIE and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns that could be
significant to the VIE.      Treasury stock:   The Company records the repurchase of shares of its common stock at cost on the settlement
date of the transaction. These shares are considered treasury stock, which is a reduction to stockholders  equity. Treasury stock is included in authorized and issued shares but excluded from outstanding shares.  
   Variable interest entity:   The Company has an asset-backed amortizing loan for general funding purposes. The transaction involved selling a pool
of the Company s automobile loans to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Regional Management Receivables, LLC (  RMR  ), as collateral for the loan. RMR has the limited purpose of acquiring finance receivables and holding and making
payments on the related debt. Assets transferred to RMR are legally isolated from the Company and the claims of the Company s other creditors. The Company continues to service the finance receivables transferred to RMR. The lender in the debt
issued by RMR generally only has recourse to the assets of RMR and does not have recourse to the general credit of the Company.    The Company s
asset-backed loan under this arrangement is structured to provide enhancements to the lender in the form of overcollateralization (principal balance of the collateral exceeds the balance of the debt) and reserve funds (restricted cash accounts held
by RMR). These enhancements, along with the isolated finance receivables pool, increase the creditworthiness of RMR above that of the Company as a whole. This increases the marketability of the Company s collateral for borrowing purposes,
which leads to more favorable borrowing terms, improved interest rate risk management, and additional flexibility to grow the business.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  RMR is considered a VIE under GAAP and is consolidated into the financial statements of RMR s primary
beneficiary. The Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary of RMR because it has (i) power over the significant activities of RMR through its role as servicer of the finance receivables under the credit agreement and (ii) the obligation to
absorb losses or the right to receive returns that could be significant through the Company s interest in the monthly residual cash flows of RMR after the debt is paid.  
 Consolidation of RMR results in the transaction being accounted for as a secured borrowing; therefore, the pooled receivables and the related debt remain on
the consolidated balance sheet of the Company. The debt is secured solely by the assets of RMR and not by any other assets of the Company. The assets of RMR are the only source of funds for repayment on the debt. Restricted cash accounts held by RMR
can only be used to support payments on the debt. The Company recognizes revenue and provision for credit losses on RMR s finance receivables and interest expense on the related secured debt.  
   Use of estimates:   The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities for the periods indicated in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to change relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses, fair value of share-based
compensation, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, contingent liabilities on litigation matters, and the allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired in business combinations.  
   Reclassifications:   Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Such reclassifications had no
impact on previously reported net income or stockholders  equity.      Credit losses:   Provisions for credit losses are charged to
income as losses are estimated to have occurred and in amounts sufficient to maintain an allowance for credit losses at an adequate level to provide for losses on the Company s finance receivables. In the past, the Company charged credit losses
against the allowance when management believed the finance receivable was no longer collectible (discretionary element) or when the account was 365 days contractually delinquent (time-based element). The factors used to determine whether a finance
receivable is uncollectible were the age of the account, supervisory review of collection efforts, and other factors such as customers relocating to an area where collection is not practical. In September 2014, the Company changed the time-based
element of the charge-off policy from 365 days contractually delinquent to 180 days contractually delinquent. In December 2014, the Company eliminated the discretionary element of the charge-off policy, subject to certain exceptions. The
Company s policy for non-titled accounts in a confirmed bankruptcy is to charge them off at 60 days contractually delinquent, subject to certain exceptions. Deceased borrower accounts are charged off in the month following the proper
notification of passing, with the exception of borrowers with credit life insurance. The updated policy improves consistency and creates better alignment with industry practice. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Loss
experience, effective loan life, contractual delinquency of finance receivables by loan type, the value of underlying collateral, and management s judgment are factors used in assessing the overall adequacy of the allowance and the resulting
provision for credit losses. While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions or portfolio performance. This
evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as more information becomes available.    The
Company initiates repossession proceedings when, in the opinion of management, the customer is unlikely to make further payments. The Company sells substantially all repossessed vehicle inventory through public sales conducted by independent
automobile auction organizations after the required post-repossession waiting period. Losses on the sale of repossessed collateral are charged to the allowance for credit losses.  
 The allowance for credit losses consists of general and specific components. The general component of the allowance estimates credit losses for groups of
finance receivables on a collective basis and relates to probable incurred losses of unimpaired finance receivables. Prior to September 30, 2016, the general component of the allowance was primarily based on historical loss rates. Effective
September 30, 2016, it is based on delinquency roll rates. The Company s finance receivable types are stratified by delinquency stages, and the future monthly delinquency profiles and charge-offs are projected forward using historical
delinquency roll rates. The Company records a general allowance for credit losses that includes forecasted future charge-offs over the estimated loss emergence period (the interval of time between the event which caused a borrower to default and the
Company s recording of the charge-off) for each finance receivable type.    The Company adjusts the computed roll rate forecast as described above for
qualitative factors based on an assessment of internal and external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the roll rate forecast. Those qualitative factors include trends in growth in the loan portfolio, delinquency,
unemployment, bankruptcy, operational risks, and other economic trends.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

    Recent accounting pronouncements:       In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (  FASB  ) issued an accounting update to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. The update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with a debt discount. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the update. The update is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. An entity should apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new
guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued an additional accounting update on certain debt issuance costs, which clarifies that debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit agreements may be classified as an asset or as a direct deduction to
the carrying amount of the debt. The debt issuance costs should continue to be deferred and amortized over the term of the line-of-credit. As a result of these accounting updates, debt issuance costs were reclassified from other assets to long-term
debt.    In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting update to increase transparency and comparability of accounting for lease transactions. The update
requires all leases to be recognized on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities and requires both quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements. All of the Company s leases are
currently classified as operating leases with no lease assets or lease liabilities recorded. The update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting update to simplify
the accounting for share-based compensation, including the accounting for forfeitures, the statutory tax withholding requirements, the accounting for income taxes, and the classification of share-based compensation transactions in the statement of
cash flows. The key provision of the update is the requirement for the excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies from the exercise or vesting of share-based awards to flow through the statement of income rather than through additional paid-in-capital
on the balance sheet. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this update on its consolidated
financial statements.    In May 2016, the FASB issued an accounting update providing narrow scope improvements and practical expedients related to the
previous update for Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in this update do not change the core revenue recognition principles. The update addresses certain issues identified in the guidance on assessing collectability, presentation
of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
impact of the new revenue recognition standard on its consolidated financial statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting update to change the
impairment model for estimating credit losses on financial assets. The current incurred loss impairment model requires the recognition of credit losses when it is probable that a loss has been incurred. The incurred loss model will be replaced by an
expected loss model, which requires entities to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and to record an allowance to offset the amortized cost basis of the financial asset. This update is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting update to provide specific guidance on certain cash flow classification issues to reduce diversity in practice.
These issues include debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments after business combination, beneficial interest in securitization transactions, and proceeds from insurance claims. This update is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the new standards on its consolidated financial statements.  
  Note 3. Finance Receivables, Credit Quality Information, and Allowance for Credit Losses   
 Finance receivables for the periods indicated consisted of the following:      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The contractual delinquency of the finance receivable portfolio by product and aging for the periods indicated
are as follows:      
     
   Changes in the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated are as follows:  
   
   Prior to September 30, 2016, the general component of the allowance for credit losses was primarily based on historical loss
rates. Effective September 30, 2016, it is primarily based on delinquency roll rates. Delinquency roll rate modeling is forward-looking and common practice in the consumer finance industry. As a result of this change, the Company decreased the
provision for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 by $0.5 million, which increased net income by $0.3 million, or $0.03 diluted earnings per share.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a reconciliation of the allowance for credit losses by product for the periods indicated:  
   
   Impaired finance receivables as a percentage of total finance receivables were 1.4% and 1.2% as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The following is a summary of impaired finance receivables as of the periods indicated:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Following is a summary of finance receivables evaluated for impairment for the periods indicated:  
   
   Average recorded investment in impaired finance receivables for the periods indicated are as follows:  
   
   It is not practical to compute the amount of interest earned on impaired loans.  
  Note 4. Leases     Future minimum rent commitments
under non-cancellable operating leases in effect as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:      
   Leases generally contain options to extend for periods from one to 10 years, and the cost of such extensions is not
included above. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded rent expense of $1.8 million and $1.6 million, respectively. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.2 million and $4.5
million, respectively. In addition to rent, the Company typically pays for all operating expenses, property taxes, and repairs and maintenance on properties that it leases.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Note 5. Intangibles   
 The following table provides the gross carrying amount and related accumulated amortization of definite-lived intangible assets:  
   
   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded intangible amortization expense of $0.5 million
and $0.2 million, respectively. Intangible amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $1.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively. The following table sets forth the future amortization of intangible assets:
     
    Note 6. Interest Rate Caps   
 The Company has purchased interest rate cap contracts with an aggregate notional principal amount of $200.0 million and 2.50% strike rates against the
one-month LIBOR. $150.0 million of these contracts expire in April 2018, with the remaining $50.0 million expiring in March 2019. When the one-month LIBOR exceeds 2.50%, the counterparty reimburses the Company for the excess over 2.50%. No payment
is required by the Company or the counterparty when the one-month LIBOR is below 2.50%. The following is a summary of changes in the rate caps:      
    Note 7. Long-Term Debt   
 Following is a summary of the Company s long-term debt as of the periods indicated:  
   
   Advances on the senior revolving credit facility are capped at 85% of eligible secured finance receivables plus 70% of
eligible unsecured finance receivables. These rates are subject to adjustment at certain credit quality levels (85% secured and 70% unsecured as of September 30, 2016). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $70.7 million of eligible
capacity under the facility. The facility also contains restrictive covenants and monthly and annual reporting requirements to the banks. At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  In December 2015, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, RMR, entered into a credit agreement providing for
a $75.7 million amortizing asset-backed loan to RMR. RMR purchased $86.1 million in automobile finance receivables, net of a $2.6 million allowance for credit losses, from the Company s affiliates using the proceeds of the loan and an equity
investment from the Company to fund such purchase. RMR holds $1.7 million in a restricted cash reserve account to satisfy provisions of the credit agreement. RMR pays interest of 3.00% per annum on the loan balance from the closing date until the
date the loan balance has been fully repaid. The amortizing loan terminates in December 2022. The credit agreement allows RMR to prepay the loan when the outstanding balance falls below 20% of the original loan amount.  
 The amortizing loan is supported by the expected cash flows from the underlying collateralized finance receivables. Collections on these accounts are remitted
to a restricted cash collection account, which totaled $3.1 million as of September 30, 2016. Cash inflows from the finance receivables are distributed to the lender and service providers in accordance with a monthly contractual priority of payments
(waterfall) and, as such, the inflows are directed first to servicing fees. RMR pays a 4% servicing fee to the Company, which is eliminated in consolidation. Next, all cash inflows are directed to the interest, principal, and any adjustments to the
reserve account of the amortizing loan and, thereafter, to the residual interest that the Company owns. Distributions from RMR to the Company are permitted under the credit agreement.  
 RMR is considered a VIE under GAAP and is consolidated into the financial statements of RMR s primary beneficiary. The Company is considered to be the
primary beneficiary of RMR because it has (i) power over the significant activities of RMR through its role as servicer of the finance receivables under the credit agreement and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns
that could be significant through the Company s interest in the monthly residual cash flows of RMR after the debt is paid.    The carrying amount of
VIE assets and liabilities are as follows:      
    Note 8. Stockholders  Equity   
   Stock repurchase:   In February 2016, the Company s Board of Directors (  Board  ) authorized the repurchase of up to $25.0
million of the Company s common stock. On June 10, 2016, the Company completed the stock repurchase program, having repurchased 1,546 thousand shares at a weighted-average price of $16.17 per share.  
  Note 9. Disclosure About Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that
value:     Cash and restricted cash:  Cash and restricted cash is recorded at cost, which approximates fair value due to its generally
short maturity and highly liquid nature.     Finance receivables:  Finance receivables are originated at prevailing market rates.
The Company s finance receivable portfolio turns approximately 1.4 times per year. The portfolio turnover is calculated by dividing cash payments, renewals, and net charge-offs by the average finance receivables. Management believes that the
carrying amount approximates the fair value of its finance receivable portfolio.     Interest rate caps:  The fair value of the interest
rate caps is the estimated amount the Company would receive to terminate the cap agreements at the reporting date, taking into account current interest rates, the creditworthiness of the counterparty for assets, and the creditworthiness of the
Company for liabilities.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Repossessed assets:  Repossessed assets are valued at the lower of the receivable
balance on the finance receivable prior to repossession or the estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates net realizable value at the projected cash value upon liquidation, less costs to sell the related collateral.  
  Long-term debt:  The Company s long-term debt is frequently renewed, amended, or recently originated. As a result, the Company
believes that the fair value of each of the variable rate revolving credit facility and the fixed-rate amortizing loan approximates their respective carrying amounts. The Company also considered its creditworthiness in its determination of fair
value.    The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments summarized by level are as follows:  
   
   Certain of the Company s assets carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:    Level 1   Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2   Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.  
 Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.  
 In determining the appropriate levels, the Company performs an analysis of the assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value. At each reporting
period, all assets and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs are classified as Level 3.  
  Note 10. Earnings Per Share     The following schedule
reconciles the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated:      
   Options to purchase 310 thousand and 488 thousand shares of common stock were outstanding during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Note 11. Share-Based Compensation   
 The Company previously adopted the 2007 Management Incentive Plan (the   2007 Plan  ) and the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (the   2011
Plan  ). On April 22, 2015, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the   2015 Plan  ). Subject to adjustments as provided in the 2015 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of the
Company s common stock that may be issued under the 2015 Plan may not exceed the sum of (i) 350 thousand shares plus (ii) any shares (A) remaining available for the grant of awards as of the effective date under the 2007 Plan or
the 2011 Plan, and/or (B) subject to an award granted under the 2007 Plan or the 2011 Plan, which award is forfeited, cancelled, terminated, expires, or lapses. As of the effectiveness of the 2015 Plan, there were 922 thousand shares available
for grant under the 2015 Plan, inclusive of shares previously available for grant under the 2007 Plan and the 2011 Plan that were rolled over to the 2015 Plan. No further grants will be made under the 2007 Plan or the 2011 Plan. However, awards that
are outstanding under the 2007 Plan and the 2011 Plan will continue in accordance with their respective terms. As of September 30, 2016, there were 202 thousand shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of $1.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively.
The Company recorded $3.0 million and $3.6 million in share-based compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized share-based compensation expense to be recognized over future
periods approximated $5.9 million. This amount will be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years. Share-based compensation expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the agreement.
All share-based compensation is classified as equity except where otherwise noted.    The Company allows for the settlement of share-based awards on a net
share basis. With net share settlement, the employee does not surrender any cash or shares upon the exercise of stock options or the vesting of stock awards or stock units. Rather, the Company withholds the number of shares with a value equivalent
to the option exercise price, for stock options, and the minimum statutory tax withholding for all share-based awards. Net share settlements have the effect of reducing the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of
exercise or vesting.      Long-term incentive program:   The Company issues nonqualified stock options, performance-contingent restricted stock
units (  RSU  ), and cash-settled performance units (  CSPU  ) under a long-term incentive program. Recurring annual grants are at the discretion of the Board and were made in October 2014 (for the 2014 calendar year),
in April 2015 (for the 2015 calendar year), and in March 2016 (for the 2016 calendar year). The grants include cliff and graded vesting completing at the end of the third calendar year, subject to continued employment or as otherwise provided in the
underlying award agreements. The actual value of the RSU and CSPU that may be earned can range from 0% to 150% of target based on the achievement of EBITDA and net income per share performance targets (2014 and 2015 grants) or the compound annual
growth rate of net income and net income per share compared to a public company peer group (2016 grant) over a three-year period.      Inducement and
retention program:   From time to time, the Company issues share-based awards in conjunction with employment offers to select new executives and retention grants to select existing employees. The Company issues these awards to attract and
retain talent and to provide market competitive compensation. The grants have various vesting terms, including fully-vested awards at the grant date, cliff vesting, and graded vesting over periods of eighteen months to five years (subject to
continued employment or as otherwise provided in the underlying award agreements).      Non-employee director compensation program:   The Company
awards its non-employee directors a cash retainer, committee meeting fees, shares of restricted common stock, and nonqualified stock options. The restricted stock awards are granted on the fifth business day following the Company s annual
meeting of stockholders and fully vest upon the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the completion of the directors  annual service to the Company. The nonqualified stock option awards are granted on the fifth business day
following the Company s annual meeting of stockholders and are immediately vested on the grant date.    The following are the terms and amounts of the
awards issued under the Company s share-based incentive programs:      Stock options:   The exercise price of all stock options is equal to
the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant. Stock options granted are subject to various vesting terms, including graded and cliff vesting over 18-month to five-year vesting periods. In addition, stock options vest and become
exercisable in full under certain circumstances, including following the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the option award agreements). Participants who are awarded options must exercise their options within a maximum of ten years of
the grant date.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The fair value of option grants are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with
the following weighted-average assumptions for option grants during the periods indicated below.     
   Expected volatility is based on the Company s historical stock price volatility. The expected term is calculated by using
the simplified method (average of the vesting and original contractual terms) due to insufficient historical data to estimate the expected term. The risk-free rate is based on the zero coupon U.S. Treasury bond rate over the expected term of the
awards.    The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   The following table provides additional stock option information for the periods indicated:  
   
     Restricted stock units:   Compensation expense for restricted stock units is based on the Company s closing
stock price on the date of grant and the probability that certain financial goals are achieved over the performance period. Compensation cost is estimated based on expected performance and is adjusted at each reporting period.  
 The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   The following table provides additional restricted stock unit information for the periods indicated:  

16  

Table of Contents  

    Cash-settled performance units:   Cash-settled performance units will be settled in cash at the end
of the performance measurement period and are classified as a liability. Compensation cost is estimated based on expected performance and is adjusted at each reporting period.  
 The following table summarizes cash-settled performance unit activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
     Restricted stock awards:   The fair value and compensation cost of restricted stock is calculated using the
Company s closing stock price on the date of grant.    The following table summarizes restricted stock activity during the nine months ended September
30, 2016:      
   The following table provides additional restricted stock information:  
   
    Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies   
 On May 30, 2014, a securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the
  Court  ) against the Company and certain of its current and former directors, executive officers, and stockholders (collectively, the   Defendants  ). The complaint alleged violations of the Securities Act of 1933
(the   1933 Act Claims  ) and sought unspecified compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company s common stock in the September 2013 and December 2013 secondary public offerings.
On August 25, 2014, Waterford Township Police   Fire Retirement System and City of Roseville Employees  Retirement System were appointed as lead plaintiffs (collectively, the   Plaintiffs  ). An amended complaint was filed on
November 24, 2014. In addition to the 1933 Act Claims, the amended complaint also added claims for violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the   1934 Act Claims  ) seeking unspecified compensatory damages on behalf of a
purported class of purchasers of the Company s common stock between May 2, 2013 and October 30, 2014, inclusive. On January 26, 2015, the Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint in its entirety. In response, the
Plaintiffs sought and were granted leave to file an amended complaint. On February 27, 2015, the Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. Like the prior amended complaint, the second amended complaint asserts 1933 Act Claims and 1934 Act
Claims and seeks unspecified compensatory damages. The Defendants  motion to dismiss the second amended complaint was filed on April 28, 2015, the Plaintiffs  opposition was filed on June 12, 2015, and the Defendants  reply was filed
on July 13, 2015.    On March 30, 2016, the Court granted the Defendants  motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in its entirety. On
May 23, 2016, the Plaintiffs moved for leave to file a third amended complaint. The Defendants  opposition brief was filed on June 9, 2016, and the Plaintiffs  reply was filed on June 20, 2016. The motion for leave to amend remains
under consideration by the Court. The Company believes that the claims against it are without merit and will continue to defend against the litigation vigorously.  
 The Company s primary insurance carrier during the applicable time period has (i) denied coverage for the 1933 Act Claims and (ii) acknowledged coverage
of the Company and other insureds for the 1934 Act Claims under a reservation of rights and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable insurance policy. The parties plan to negotiate an allocation between denied and acknowledged claims,
as appropriate.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the Company is involved in a purchase price dispute stemming from the Company s acquisition of
certain consumer loan receivables. The dispute has been submitted to a large public accounting firm for resolution and determination of the final purchase price for such receivables pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. The final purchase
price will be between $27.9 million and $29.9 million, and the Company has already paid $28.1 million toward the purchase price. The Company is currently vigorously defending its position in the dispute.  
 In the normal course of business, the Company has been named as a defendant in legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation
arising in connection with its activities. Some of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for compensatory and punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. While the Company will continue to identify legal actions
where the Company believes a material loss to be reasonably possible and reasonably estimable, there can be no assurance that material losses will not be incurred from claims that the Company has not yet been notified of or are not yet determined to
be probable, or reasonably possible and reasonable to estimate.    The Company contests liability and the amount of damages, as appropriate, in each pending
matter. Where available information indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the Company can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, the Company accrues the estimated loss by a charge to net income. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had accrued $0.5 million for these matters. In many actions, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even reasonably possible or to estimate the amount of loss. In addition, even where a
loss is reasonably possible or an exposure to loss exists in excess of the liability already accrued, it is not always possible to reasonably estimate the size of the possible loss or range of loss.  
 For certain legal actions, the Company cannot reasonably estimate such losses, particularly for actions that are in their early stages of development or where
plaintiffs seek indeterminate damages. Numerous issues may need to be resolved, including through lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, and by addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the actions in
question, before a loss, additional loss, range of loss, or range of additional loss can be reasonably estimated for any given action.    For certain other
legal actions, the Company can estimate reasonably possible losses, additional losses, ranges of loss, or ranges of additional loss in excess of amounts accrued, but the Company does not believe, based on current knowledge and after consultation
with counsel, that such losses will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements.    The Company expenses legal costs as they are
incurred.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.         
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These discussions contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and that include, but are not limited to, statements
concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, expectations regarding demand and acceptance for our financial products, growth opportunities and trends in the market in which we operate,
prospects, and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will, 
 would,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed
in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the
plans, intentions, and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, the risks set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ),
including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (which was filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016), our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (which was filed with the SEC on April
28, 2016), and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information we have provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to the safe harbor established under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 should be
evaluated in the context of these factors. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise such statements, except as required by the federal securities laws.   
  Overview     We are a diversified consumer
finance company providing a broad array of loan products primarily to customers with limited access to consumer credit from banks, thrifts, credit card companies, and other traditional lenders. We began operations in 1987 with four branches in South
Carolina and have expanded our branch network to 338 locations in the states of Alabama, Georgia, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia as of September 30, 2016. Most of our loan products are secured,
and each is structured on a fixed rate, fixed term basis with fully amortizing equal monthly installment payments, repayable at any time without penalty. Our loans are sourced through our multiple channel platform that includes our branches, direct
mail campaigns, automobile dealerships, retailers, and our consumer website. We operate an integrated branch model in which nearly all loans, regardless of origination channel, are serviced through our branch network, providing us with frequent
in-person contact with our customers, which we believe improves our credit performance and customer loyalty. Our goal is to consistently and soundly grow our finance receivables and manage our portfolio risk while providing our customers with
attractive and easy-to-understand loan products that serve their varied financial needs.    Our diversified product offerings include:  

Large Loans    As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 53.0 thousand large installment loans outstanding, representing $217.1 million in finance receivables. This included 1.7 thousand large loan
convenience checks, representing $4.8 million in finance receivables as of September 30, 2016.        

Automobile Loans    As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 11.4 thousand automobile purchase loans outstanding, representing $97.1 million in finance receivables. This included 5.6 thousand indirect
automobile loans and 5.8 thousand direct automobile loans, representing $48.5 million and $48.7 million in finance receivables, respectively.        

Retail Loans    As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 22.7 thousand retail purchase loans outstanding, representing $32.5 million in finance receivables.    

Insurance Products    We offer optional payment protection insurance to our direct loan customers.    
 Small and large installment loans are our core products and will be the drivers of our future growth. Our primary sources of revenue are
interest and fee income from our loan products, of which interest and fees relating to small and large installment loans are the largest component. In addition to interest and fee income from loans, we derive revenue from optional insurance products
purchased by customers of our direct loan products.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations   
 Our business is driven by several factors affecting our revenues, costs, and results of operations, including the following:  
   Quarterly Information and Seasonality   .  Our loan volume and the contractual delinquency of our finance receivable
portfolio follow seasonal trends. Demand for our loans is typically highest during the second, third, and fourth quarters, which we believe is largely due to customers borrowing money for vacations, back-to-school, and holiday spending. With the
exception of automobile loans, loan demand has generally been the lowest during the first quarter, which we believe is largely due to the timing of income tax refunds. Delinquencies generally reach their lowest point in the first quarter of the year
and rise throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Consequently, we experience seasonal fluctuations in our operating results and cash needs.  
   Growth in Loan Portfolio.   The revenue that we derive from interest and fees is largely driven by the balance of loans that we
originate and purchase. Average finance receivables grew 8.2% from $529.5 million in 2014 to $572.8 million in 2015. Average finance receivables grew 14.7% from $559.1 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $641.4 million in the first nine
months of 2016. We source our loans through our branches and our direct mail program, as well as through automobile dealerships, retail partners, and our website. Our loans are made almost exclusively in geographic markets served by our network of
branches. Increasing the number of loans per branch and the number of branches we operate allows us to increase the number of loans that we are able to service. We opened 36 and 31 new branches in 2014 and 2015, respectively. We opened 22 and 7 net
new branches in the first nine months of 2015 and 2016, respectively. We believe we have the opportunity to add as many as 700 additional branches in states where it is currently favorable for us to conduct business, and we have plans to continue to
grow our branch network.      Product Mix.   We charge different interest rates and fees and are exposed to different credit risks
with respect to the various types of loans we offer. Our product mix also varies to some extent by state, and we may further diversify our product mix in the future.  
   Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses.   Our results of operations are highly dependent upon the quality of our loan
portfolio. We recorded a $43.6 million provision for credit losses during the first nine months of 2016 (or annualized 9.1% of average finance receivables) and a $35.9 million provision for credit losses during the first nine months of 2015 (or
annualized 8.6% of average finance receivables). The quality of our loan portfolio is the result of our ability to enforce sound underwriting standards, maintain diligent servicing of the portfolio, and respond to changing economic conditions as we
grow our loan portfolio. In late 2014, we created a credit risk function and have been making changes to continue to improve our credit underwriting guidelines. We believe that these changes have impacted, and will continue to impact, our business
and results of operations, including through lower refinancing volumes, lower delinquency levels, and improved credit quality in our portfolio. We will continue to monitor how these changes impact our business and results of operations, and we will
make further revisions to our credit underwriting guidelines when appropriate.    The allowance for credit losses calculation uses the
current delinquency profile and historical delinquency roll rates as key data points in estimating the allowance. We believe that the primary underlying factors driving the provision for credit losses for each loan type are our underwriting
standards, the general economic conditions in the areas in which we conduct business, portfolio growth, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. In addition, the market for repossessed automobiles at auction is another underlying factor that
we believe influences the provision for credit losses for automobile purchase loans and, to a lesser extent, large loans. We monitor these factors, the amount and past due status of delinquencies, and the slow file (which consists of all loans one
or more days past due) to identify trends that might require us to modify the allowance for credit losses.      Interest Rates.  
Our costs of funds are affected by changes in interest rates, and the interest rate that we pay on our senior revolving credit facility is a variable rate. We have purchased interest rate cap contracts with an aggregate notional principal amount of
$200.0 million and 2.50% strike rates against the one-month LIBOR. $150.0 million of these contracts expire in April 2018, with the remaining $50.0 million expiring in March 2019. When the one-month LIBOR exceeds 2.50%, the counterparty reimburses
us for the excess over 2.50%. No payment is required by us or the counterparty when the one-month LIBOR is below 2.50%.      Operating
Costs.   Our financial results are impacted by the costs of operating our branch offices and corporate functions. Those costs are included in general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. Two of our operating
metrics are our efficiency ratios, which are calculated by dividing the sum of general and administrative expenses by total revenue (our revenue efficiency ratio) and dividing the annualized sum of general and administrative expenses by average
finance receivables (our receivable efficiency ratio). Our revenue efficiency ratio was 50.9% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 54.2% for the same period of 2015, and our receivable efficiency ratio was 18.7% for the first nine months
2016, compared to 20.8% for the same period of 2015. The decreases were primarily due to non-operating compensation-related costs of $2.1 million incurred during the first nine months of 2015, the discontinuation of our automobile allowance program
around the end of 2015, and lower marketing expenses. While these ratios are relatively in line with industry standards, we have a number of initiatives underway that we believe will improve our operating leverage over the next couple of years,
including implementing a new loan management system, which will allow us to accept electronic payments, reduce the amount of time it takes to originate a loan, and increase our average loans outstanding per branch.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   Components of Results of Operations   
   Interest and Fee Income.   Our interest and fee income consists primarily of interest earned on outstanding loans. We cease
accruing interest on a loan when the customer is contractually past due 90 days. Interest accrual resumes when the customer makes at least one full payment and the account is less than 90 days contractually past due. If the account is charged off,
the interest accrual is reversed as a reduction of interest and fee income during the period the charge-off occurs.    Most states allow
certain fees in connection with lending activities, such as loan origination fees, acquisition fees, and maintenance fees. Some states allow for higher fees while keeping interest rates lower. Loan fees are additional charges to the customer and are
included in the Truth in Lending disclosure we make to our customers. The fees may or may not be refundable to the customer in the event of an early payoff, depending on state law. Fees are accrued to income over the life of the loan on the constant
yield method.      Insurance Income.   Our insurance income consists of revenue from the sale of various optional credit insurance
products and other payment protection products offered to customers who obtain loans directly from us. We do not sell insurance to non-borrowers. We offer optional credit life insurance, credit accident and health insurance, involuntary unemployment
insurance, and personal property insurance. The type and terms of our optional credit insurance products vary from state to state based on applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we require property insurance on any personal property securing
loans and offer customers the option of providing proof of such insurance purchased from a third party in lieu of purchasing property insurance from us. We also collect a fee for collateral protection and we purchase non-filing insurance in lieu of
recording and perfecting our security interest in the assets pledged on certain loans. We require proof of insurance for any vehicles securing loans, and we have the option to obtain automobile collision insurance on behalf of customers who permit
their insurance coverage to lapse. In addition, in select markets, we offer vehicle single interest insurance and a Guaranteed Asset Protection (  GAP  ) waiver product. Vehicle single interest insurance provides coverage on
automobiles used as collateral on small and large loans. This insurance affords the borrower flexibility regarding the requirement to maintain full coverage on the vehicle while also protecting the collateral used to secure the loan. The GAP waiver
product reduces or eliminates any loan balance remaining following payment by a primary insurance carrier.    During 2016, we transitioned
our insurance administration to a new unaffiliated third party provider, which resulted in variances in the premiums we charge for the products we offer. Additionally, we continually assess the costs of our products for an equitable balance of costs
and benefits. Due to the transition to a new vendor and our ongoing assessment of costs, premiums may change, which may impact the revenue and/or costs of our insurance operations.  
 We issue insurance certificates as agents on behalf of an unaffiliated insurance company and then remit to the unaffiliated insurance company
the premiums we collect (net of refunds on prepaid loans and net of commission on new business). The unaffiliated insurance company cedes life insurance premiums to our wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, RMC Reinsurance, Ltd. (  RMC
Reinsurance  ), as written and non-life premiums as earned. We maintain cash reserves for life insurance claims in an amount determined by the unaffiliated insurance companies. As of September 30, 2016, the restricted cash balance for these
cash reserves was $3.1 million. The unaffiliated insurance companies maintain the reserves for non-life claims. Insurance income includes all of the above-described insurance premiums, claims, and expenses.  
   Other Income.   Our other income consists primarily of late charges assessed on customers who fail to make a payment within a
specified number of days following the due date of the payment. In addition, fees for extending the due date of a loan and returned check charges are included in other income.  
   Provision for Credit Losses.   Provisions for credit losses are charged to income in amounts that we estimate as sufficient to
maintain an allowance for credit losses at an adequate level to provide for estimated losses on the related finance receivable portfolio. Credit loss experience, delinquency of finance receivables, portfolio growth, the value of underlying
collateral, and management s judgment are factors used in assessing the overall adequacy of the allowance and the resulting provision for credit losses. Our provision for credit losses fluctuates so that we maintain an adequate credit loss
allowance that reflects our estimate of losses over the effective life of our loan portfolios. Changes in our delinquency and charge-off rates may result in changes to our provision for credit losses. Future adjustments to the allowance may be
necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions or portfolio performance.      General and Administrative Expenses.
  Our general and administrative expenses are comprised of four categories: personnel, occupancy, marketing, and other. We measure our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue, which we refer to as our revenue
efficiency ratio, and as a percentage of average finance receivables, which we refer to as our receivable efficiency ratio.    Our personnel
expenses are the largest component of our general and administrative expenses and consist primarily of the salaries, bonuses, benefits, and related payroll taxes associated with all of our branch, field, and home office employees.  
 Our occupancy expenses consist primarily of the cost of renting our branches, all of which are leased, as well as the utility,
telecommunication, data processing, and other non-personnel costs associated with operating our branches.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Our marketing expenses consist primarily of costs associated with our direct mail campaigns
(including postage and costs associated with selecting recipients) and maintaining our website, as well as telephone directory advertisements and some local marketing by branches. These costs are expensed as incurred.  
 Other expenses consist primarily of legal, compliance, audit, consulting, director compensation, bank service charges, office supplies, and
credit bureau charges. We expect legal and compliance costs to continue to increase due to the regulatory environment in the consumer finance industry and as a result of certain litigation matters, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1.
 Legal Proceedings.  For a discussion regarding how risks and uncertainties associated with legal proceedings and the current regulatory environment may impact our future expenses, net income, and overall financial condition, see Part II,
Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and the filings referenced therein.      Interest Expense.   Our interest expense consists
primarily of interest payable, unused line fees, and amortization of debt issuance costs on long-term debt. Interest expense also includes costs attributable to the interest rate caps that we use to manage our interest rate risk. Changes in the fair
value of the interest rate caps are reflected in interest expense.      Income Taxes.   Income taxes consist primarily of state
and federal income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effects of future tax
rate changes are recognized in the period when the enactment of new rates occurs.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following table summarizes our results of operations, both in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue:  
   
   The following table summarizes our results of operations, both in dollars and as a percentage of average
receivables (annualized):      
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the quarterly trend of our financial results:  

24  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of September 30, 2016, Versus September 30, 2015   
 The following discussion and table describe the changes in finance receivables by product type:  

Automobile Loans    Automobile loans outstanding decreased by $31.0 million, or 24.2%, to $97.1 million at September 30, 2016, from $128.1 million at September 30, 2015. In the fourth quarter of
2015, we began restructuring the automobile business to a centralized model. During the restructuring, automobile loans will continue to liquidate with expectations that a majority of the restructuring will be complete in 2016.

Retail Loans    Retail loans outstanding increased $7.0 million, or 27.3%, to $32.5 million at September 30, 2016, from $25.5 million at September 30, 2015. The increase in retail loans outstanding
resulted from the additional relationships we established with new retailers, as well as an expansion of volume through our existing relationships.        
    Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016, Versus the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
   Net Income.   Net income was $6.5 million during both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and during the prior year period.
This was primarily due to an increase in revenue of $7.4 million, offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses of $4.3 million, an increase in provision for credit losses of $2.3 million, and an increase of $0.8 million in interest
expense.      Revenue.   Total revenue increased $7.4 million, or 13.4%, to $62.5 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, from $55.1 million during the prior year period. The components of revenue are explained in greater detail below.  
  Interest and Fee Income   .   Interest and fee income increased $7.7 million, or 15.4%, to $57.4 million during the three
months ended September 30, 2016, from $49.7 million during the prior year period. The increase in interest and fee income was primarily due to a 14.6% increase in average finance receivables and a 0.2% yield increase since September 30,
2015.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the average finance receivables balance and average yield for each
of our loan product categories:      
   Large loan yields increased 1.4% compared to the prior year period as a result of adjusted pricing that
reflects current market conditions. Automobile loan yields have decreased 1.1% compared to the prior year period due to the restructuring of our automobile loan program.  
 The following table represents the amount of loan originations and refinancing net of unearned finance charges.  
   
   The following table summarizes the components of the increase in interest and fee income:  
   
    Insurance Income   .   Net insurance income decreased $0.4 million, or 15.2%, to $2.3 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.8 million during the prior year period. Annualized insurance income as a percentage of average finance receivables decreased to 1.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.9%
during the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to increased non-filing insurance claims expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Our average non-filing claim amount has increased over
the past year due to the growth of our large loan portfolio.     Other Income   .   Other income increased $0.1 million, or
4.7%, to $2.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.6 million during the prior year period. Annualized other income, which consists primarily of late charges, represented 1.6% of average receivables and 4.3% of total
revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 1.7% of average receivables and 4.7% of total revenue during the prior year period. This decrease in other income as a percentage of average receivables and as a percentage of
total revenue was due to lower delinquencies as a percentage of total finance receivables.      Provision for Credit Losses.   Our
provision for credit losses increased $2.3 million, or 16.5%, to $16.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $14.1 million during the prior year period due to loan growth. The provision represented 9.7% of average
receivables and 26.3% of total revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 9.6% of average receivables and 25.6% of total revenue during the prior year period.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  Net charge-offs increased $1.0 million, or 8.3%, to $13.5 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $12.5 million during the prior year period. Annualized net charge-offs represented 8.0% of average receivables during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 8.5% of average receivables during the prior year
period. This decrease in charge-offs as a percentage of average receivables was primarily due to our improving credit profile. We continue to see the positive results of improved underwriting and servicing processes implemented by our operations and
credit risk functions.    We evaluate delinquency and losses in each of our loan categories in establishing the allowance for credit losses.
The following table sets forth our allowance for credit losses compared to the related finance receivables:      
   The allowance as a percentage of related finance receivables decreased to 5.6% as of September 30, 2016, from
6.0% as of December 31, 2015, due to lower delinquency and an improved net charge-off rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The net charge-off rate and delinquency have improved due to the growth of large loans, which have lower net
charge-off rates and delinquency compared to our other products, and due to our overall improving credit profile.    Delinquencies one day
and more past due as a percentage of total finance receivables decreased to 18.2% as of September 30, 2016, from 22.4% as of September 30, 2015. Delinquencies 30 days and more past due as a percentage of total finance receivables decreased to 7.1%
as of September 30, 2016, from 7.3% as of September 30, 2015. The following tables include delinquency balances by aging category and by product.      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

In late 2014 and during 2015, we created a credit risk function, which has continued to improve our
underwriting and servicing processes. We will continue to build out the full capabilities of the credit risk function and believe this investment will provide additional benefits in the future.  
   General and Administrative Expenses.   Our general and administrative expenses, comprising expenses for personnel, occupancy,
marketing, and other expenses, increased $4.3 million, or 16.3%, to $30.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $26.2 million during the prior year period. Our receivable efficiency ratio (annualized general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of average finance receivables) increased to 18.1% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 17.8% during the prior year period. Our revenue efficiency ratio (general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of revenue) increased to 48.7% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 47.5% during the prior year period. The increase in general and administrative expenses is explained in greater detail below.  
   
   Despite adding 16 net new branches since September 30, 2015, branch general and administrative expenses have
decreased $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Additionally, branch headcount has decreased to 1,195 at September 30, 2016 from 1,256 at September 30, 2015. Even though branch headcount has
decreased, finance receivables increased $94.5 million, or 15.7%, over the same period. Home office general and administrative expenses increased $3.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period
primarily due to an increase in incentive plan expenses, new loan management system implementation costs, increased headcount, and the costs related to the transition to a new CEO.  
  Personnel.  The largest component of general and administrative expenses is personnel expense, which increased $2.2 million, or
13.7%, to $18.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $16.0 million during the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to higher incentive plan expenses. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we
reduced the accruals for both our short- and long-term incentive plans to more appropriately reflect their status relative to their performance targets. We did not have similar reductions during the third quarter of 2016. We expect that our
incentive plan expense will increase in future years from annual grants under our long-term incentive plan that have three-year performance periods associated with them. In addition, as a result of recent updates to the regulations under the Fair
Labor Standards Act that expand the number of employees entitled to overtime pay, we expect to see an increase in personnel expense in 2017.      
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Occupancy.  Occupancy expenses increased $0.7 million, or 16.1%, to $5.2 million during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million during the prior year period. The increase in occupancy expenses was due to $0.5 million of costs related to the opening of 16 net new branches since the prior year period, as well as $0.2
million of expenses associated with a larger home office building. To accommodate our company s growth, we signed an 11-year lease in May 2016 for a larger home office building that we began occupying in October 2016. We expect that the new
lease will increase annual occupancy expense by approximately $0.7 million. Additionally, we frequently experience increases in rent as we renew existing branch leases.  
  Marketing.  Marketing expenses increased $0.7 million, or 57.5%, to $1.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $1.1 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to a 65.0% increase in total direct mail marketing from the prior year period.  
  Other Expenses.  Other expenses increased $0.7 million, or 15.6%, to $5.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $4.6 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to non-operating expenses related to the implementation of a new loan management system of $0.3 million and higher legal costs of $0.2 million. Total general and
administrative non-operating expenses related to the implementation of a new loan management system was $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We expect technology costs to remain elevated in 2016 and 2017 in connection with our
efforts to transition to our new loan management system.      Interest Expense.   Interest expense on long-term debt increased
$0.8 million, or 18.0%, to $5.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.3 million during the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to stock repurchases of $25.0 million and loan growth, each of which
contributed to an increase in the average balance of our senior revolving credit facility. The average cost of our long-term debt decreased 0.25% to 4.43% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.68% for the prior year period. The
decrease was primarily due to a decrease in interest rate cap expense of $0.2 million.      Income Taxes.   Income taxes were $4.0
million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and during the prior year period. Our net income before taxes was $6.5 million in both periods. Also, our effective tax rate increased 0.3% to 38.3% during the three months ended September 30,
2016 from 38.0% during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to non-deductible compensation.     Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016, Versus the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015       Net Income.   Net income increased $1.6 million,
or 9.8%, to $17.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $16.0 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue of $15.9 million offset by an increase in general and administrative
expenses of $2.8 million, an increase in provision for credit losses of $7.7 million, an increase in interest expense of $2.8 million, and an increase in income taxes of $1.1 million.  
   Revenue.   Total revenue increased $15.9 million, or 9.9%, to $176.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from
$160.6 million during the prior year period. The components of revenue are explained in greater detail below.     Interest and Fee Income.
 Interest and fee income increased $16.8 million, or 11.7%, to $161.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $144.5 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to a 14.7% increase in average finance
receivables offset by a 1.0% yield decrease since September 30, 2015.    The following table sets forth the average finance receivables
balance and average yield for each of our loan product categories:      
   Small loan yields decreased 2.0% compared to the prior year period as more of our small loan customers have
originated loans with larger balances and longer maturities, which typically are priced at lower interest rates. The portfolio interest and fee yield decreased 1.0% predominantly due to the decrease in small loan yields, which we believe have now
stabilized.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  The following table represents the balance of loan originations and refinancing net of unearned
finance charges:      
   Average finance receivables and net loans originated increased 14.7% and 10.2%, respectively, compared to the
prior year period. Average finance receivables grew significantly more than net loans originated primarily because large loans average finance receivables increased $99.7 million, or 124.9%, since September 30, 2015. Average finance receivables for
large loans was 28.0% of total average finance receivables as of September 30, 2016 compared to 14.3% as of September 30, 2015. Our higher balance large loans amortize at a slower rate than our small loans due to longer contractual terms and lower
interest rates.    The following table summarizes the components of the increase in interest and fee income:  
   
    Insurance Income.  Net insurance income decreased $0.9 million, or 10.5%, to $7.9 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.8 million during the prior year period. Annualized insurance income as a percentage of average finance receivables decreased to 1.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.1% during
the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to increased non-filing insurance claims expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Our average non-filing claim amount has increased over the past
year due to the growth of our large loan portfolio.     Other Income.  Other income remained constant at $7.3 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The largest component of other income is late charges, which decreased $0.2 million, or 3.3%, to $6.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.7 million during the
prior year period. Annualized other income represented 1.6% of average finance receivables and 4.1% of total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 1.7% of average finance receivables and 4.6% of total revenue
during the prior year period. This decrease in other income as a percentage of average receivables and as a percentage of total revenue was due to lower delinquencies as a percentage of total finance receivables.  
   Provision for Credit Losses.   Our provision for credit losses increased $7.7 million, or 21.4%, to $43.6 million during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $35.9 million during the prior year period due to loan growth. The annualized provision represented 9.1% of average finance receivables during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 8.6% in
the prior year period. The provision represented 24.7% of total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 22.4% of total revenue during the prior year period.  
 Net charge-offs increased $3.3 million, or 8.6%, to $41.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $38.6 million during
the prior year period. Annualized net charge-offs represented 8.7% of average receivables during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 9.2% of average receivables during the prior year period. This decrease in charge-offs as a
percentage of average receivables was primarily due to our improving credit profile. We continue to see the positive results of improved underwriting and servicing processes implemented by our operations and credit risk functions.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    General and Administrative Expenses.   Our general and administrative expenses,
comprising expenses for personnel, occupancy, marketing, and other expenses, increased $2.8 million, or 3.2%, to $89.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $87.0 million during the prior year period. Our
receivable efficiency ratio (annualized general and administrative expenses as a percentage of average receivables) decreased to 18.7% for the first nine months of 2016 from 20.8% during the prior period. Our efficiency ratio (general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue) decreased to 50.9% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 54.2% during the prior year period. The increase in general and administrative expenses is explained in greater detail below.
    Personnel.  The largest component of general and administrative expenses is personnel expense, which was $52.0 million during both
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and in the prior year period. We experienced several offsetting changes in personnel expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Home office salary expense
increased $1.8 million from added headcount during 2015 and 2016 primarily in our operations, information technology, and credit risk departments. Incentive compensation expense increased $1.1 million primarily from the 2016 annual grant of awards
under our long-term incentive plan, which has three year performance targets. Branch personnel expense decreased $3.0 million primarily due to improved efficiencies in the branch incentive plan, the phase-out of field calling as a collection
activity and the related reduction in automobile allowance expense, and the reduction in branch overtime expense. We expect incentive plan expense to increase in future years from annual grants under our long-term incentive plan. In addition, as a
result of regulations under the Fair Labor Standards Act that expand the number of employees entitled to overtime pay, we expect an increase in personnel expense in 2017.  
  Occupancy.  Occupancy expenses increased $2.0 million, or 15.8%, to $14.8 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $12.8 million during the prior year period. The increase in occupancy expenses was the result of 16 net new branches since September 30, 2015 and rent expense of $0.2 million for a larger home office building. We expect that the new
home office lease will increase annual occupancy expense by approximately $0.7 million. Additionally, we frequently experience increases in rent as we renew existing leases.  
  Marketing.  Marketing expenses decreased $0.3 million, or 4.5%, to $5.4 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $5.6 million during the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to a 5.0% reduction in total direct mail marketing from the prior year period. The reduction in total mail quantity was the result of our efforts to fine-tune our
processes and more efficiently target potential customers.     Other Expenses.  Other expenses increased $1.0 million, or 5.8%, to
$17.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $16.7 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to a $0.6 million increase in non-operating expenses related to the implementation of a new loan
management system and a $0.4 million increase in bank charges due to a higher branch count and increased fees for accepting debit card payments. In October 2016, we began using the new loan management system in our North Carolina branches. We now
operate with the new system in Virginia, New Mexico, and North Carolina, and we expect to convert to the new loan management system in our remaining six states in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first half of 2017. We expect technology costs to
remain elevated in 2016 and 2017 in connection with our efforts to transition to our new loan management system.      Interest Expense.
  Interest expense on long-term debt increased $2.8 million, or 23.3%, to $14.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $11.9 million during the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to stock repurchases
of $25.0 million and loan growth, each of which contributed to an increase in the average balance of our senior revolving credit facility. The average cost of our long-term debt decreased by 0.02% to 4.56% for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from 4.58% for the prior year period.      Income Taxes.   Income taxes increased $1.1 million, or 11.2%, to
$10.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $9.8 million during the prior year period. The increase in income taxes was due to an increase in net income before taxes. Our effective tax rate increased 0.3% to 38.3%
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 38.0% during the prior year period. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to non-deductible compensation.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
         Our primary cash needs relate to the funding of our lending activities and, to a lesser extent, capital
expenditures relating to expanding and maintaining our branch locations. In connection with our plans to expand our branch network and improve our technology infrastructure in future years, we will incur approximately $4.0 million to $8.0 million of
capital expenditures annually. We have historically financed, and plan to continue to finance, our short-term and long-term operating liquidity and capital needs through a combination of cash flows from operations and borrowings under our senior
revolving credit facility and the amortizing loan that we closed in December 2015. We believe that cash flow from operations and borrowings under our senior revolving credit facility and amortizing loan will be adequate to fund the expected cost of
opening or acquiring new branches, including funding initial operating losses of new branches and funding finance receivables originated by those branches and our other branches for the next twelve months. From time to time, we have needed an
increase in the borrowing limits under our senior revolving credit facility. We have successfully obtained such increases in the past; however, there can be no assurance that this additional funding will be available (or available on reasonable
terms) if and when needed. We continue to seek ways to diversify our long-term funding sources, including through securitization of certain loans and other similar transactions.  
 As part of the $75.7 million amortizing asset-backed loan to Regional Management Receivables, LLC (  RMR  ), $3.7 million of
the cash received by RMR in December 2015 was deposited into a restricted cash reserve account to satisfy provisions of the credit  
      31  

Table of Contents  

agreement. Certain provisions of the credit agreement were satisfied in June 2016, and these reserve requirements decreased to $1.7 million. This restricted cash reserve account requirement
will remain at $1.7 million until the termination of the credit agreement. Additionally, the amortizing loan is supported by the expected cash flows from the underlying collateralized finance receivables. Collections on these accounts are remitted
to a restricted cash collection account, which totaled $3.1 million as of September 30, 2016. On the closing date of this loan, RMR made certain representations and warranties about the quality and nature of these receivables. The credit
agreement requires RMR to pay the administrative agent a release fee for the release of receivables in certain circumstances, including circumstances in which the representations and warranties made by RMR concerning the quality and characteristics
of the receivables are inaccurate.    In February 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to
$25.0 million of our common stock. The authorization was effective immediately and extended through December 31, 2017. On June 10, 2016, we announced that we had completed the stock repurchase program.  
 As a holding company, almost all of the funds generated from our operations are earned by our operating subsidiaries. In addition, our
wholly-owned subsidiary, RMC Reinsurance Ltd., is required to maintain cash reserves against life insurance policies ceded to it, as determined by the ceding company, and has also purchased a cash-collateralized letter of credit in favor of the
ceding company. As of September 30, 2016, these reserve requirements totaled $3.1 million.      Cash Flow.    
  Operating Activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $4.7 million, or 7.6%, to $66.6 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from $61.9 million during the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to higher net income, before provision for credit losses, resulting from growth in the business.  
  Investing Activities.  Investing activities consist of finance receivables originated and purchased, net change in restricted cash, the
purchase of intangible assets, and the purchase of property and equipment for new and existing branches. Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $114.8 million compared to $97.9 million during the
prior year period, a net increase of $16.8 million. The increase was primarily due to higher net originations of finance receivables and higher purchases of intangible assets and property and equipment.  
  Financing Activities.  Financing activities consist of borrowings and payments on our outstanding indebtedness, issuance of common
stock, and repurchases of common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $44.5 million, a change of $7.5 million compared to the $37.0 million net cash provided by financing activities in
the prior year period. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily a result of an increase in net advances on long-term debt of $32.7 million offset by stock repurchases of $25.0 million.  
   Financing Arrangements.    
  Senior Revolving Credit Facility.  We entered into the fifth amended and restated senior revolving credit facility with a syndicate of
banks in September 2015, which we subsequently amended in May 2016 and August 2016. The senior revolving credit facility provides for up to $585.0 million in availability, with a borrowing base of 85% of eligible secured finance receivables and
up to 70% of eligible unsecured finance receivables, in each case, subject to adjustment at certain credit quality levels (85% and 70% as of September 30, 2016, respectively), and matures in August 2019. The facility has an accordion provision
that allows for the expansion of the facility to $650.0 million. Borrowings under the facility bear interest, payable monthly, at rates equal to LIBOR of a maturity we elect between one, two, three, four, and six months, with a LIBOR floor of 1.00%,
plus a margin of 3.00%. Alternatively, we may pay interest at a rate based on the prime rate (which was 3.50% as of September 30, 2016) plus a margin of 2.00%. We also pay an unused line fee of 0.50% per annum, payable monthly. This fee
decreases to 0.375% when the average outstanding balance exceeds $400.0 million. Excluding the receivables held by RMR, the senior revolving credit facility is secured by substantially all of our finance receivables and equity interests of the
majority of our subsidiaries. The credit agreement contains certain restrictive covenants, including maintenance of specified interest coverage and debt ratios, restrictions on distributions, limitations on other indebtedness, maintenance of a
minimum allowance for credit losses, and certain other restrictions.    Our outstanding debt under the senior revolving credit facility was
$435.4 million at September 30, 2016, and the amount available for borrowing, but not yet advanced, was $70.7 million. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with our debt covenants. A year or more in advance of its August 2019 maturity date,
we intend to extend the maturity date of the amended and restated senior revolving credit facility or take other appropriate action to address repayment upon maturity. See Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and the filings referenced
therein for a discussion of risks related to our amended and restated senior revolving credit facility, including refinancing risk.  
  Amortizing Loan.  We entered into a credit agreement in December 2015 which provides for a $75.7 million amortizing loan to RMR that is
secured by certain retail installment contracts and promissory notes secured by new or used automobiles, light-duty trucks, minivans, sport utility vehicles, and other passenger vehicles (excluding motorcycles) which either indirectly or directly
were originated by certain of our subsidiaries. Our outstanding debt under the credit agreement was $46.4 million at September 30, 2016.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Rate Caps.  We have purchased interest rate cap contracts with an aggregate
notional principal amount of $200.0 million and 2.50% strike rates against the one-month LIBOR. $150.0 million of these contracts expire in April 2018, with the remaining $50.0 million expiring in March 2019. When the one-month LIBOR exceeds 2.50%,
the counterparty reimburses us for the excess over 2.50%. No payment is required by us or the counterparty when the one-month LIBOR is below 2.50%.  
  Other Financing Arrangements.  We have $3.0 million in commercial overdraft capability that assists with our cash management needs for
intra-day temporary funding. We continue to seek ways to diversify our funding sources, including through securitization of certain finance receivables.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     Our
wholly-owned subsidiary, RMC Reinsurance, Ltd., is required to maintain cash reserves against life insurance policies ceded to it, as determined by the ceding company. As of September 30, 2016, the cash reserves were $3.1 million. We have also
purchased a cash collateralized letter of credit in favor of the ceding company. As of September 30, 2016, the letter of credit was $2.6 million.  
  Impact of Inflation     Our results of
operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost, except for interest rate caps, which are carried at fair value. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the
estimates required, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have been immaterial.     Critical
Accounting Policies     Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (  GAAP  ) and conform to general practices within the consumer finance industry. The
preparation of these financial statements requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities for the periods indicated in the
financial statements. Management bases estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.    We set forth below those material accounting policies that we believe are the most critical to
an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and that involve a higher degree of complexity and management judgment.  
   Credit Losses.    
 Finance receivables are equal to the total amount due from the customer, net of unearned finance charges and insurance premiums and
commissions. Net finance receivables are equal to the total amount due from the customer, net of unearned finance charges, insurance premiums and commissions, and the allowance for credit losses.  
 Provisions for credit losses are charged to income in amounts sufficient to maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses on our related
finance receivable portfolio. Credit loss experience, contractual delinquency of finance receivables, the value of underlying collateral, and management s judgment are factors used in assessing the overall adequacy of the allowance and the
resulting provision for credit losses.    Our loans within each loan product category are homogenous, and it is not possible to evaluate
individual loans. We evaluate delinquencies and losses in each of the categories of loans in establishing the allowance for credit losses.  
 In making an evaluation about the portfolio, we consider the trend of delinquencies and other factors. We evaluate delinquencies by each state
and by supervision district within states to identify trends requiring investigation. Historically, delinquency and loss rates have been affected by several factors, including the general economic condition in the areas in which we conduct business,
the number of customers filing for bankruptcy protection, the prices paid for vehicles at automobile auctions, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. Management considers each of these factors in establishing the allowance for credit
losses.    We consider impaired finance receivables to include accounts for which a customer has initiated a bankruptcy filing and finance
receivables that have been modified under our loss mitigation policies. Finance receivables that have been modified are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings. We have adopted the policy of aggregating loans with similar risk characteristics
for purposes of computing the amount of impairment. In connection with the adoption of this practice, we compute the estimated loss on our impaired loans in the aggregate by discounting the projected cash flows at the original contract rates on the
loan using the terms imposed by the bankruptcy court or restructured by us. We applied this method to each of our categories of loans.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  For customers in a Chapter 13 bankruptcy plan, the bankruptcy court reduces the post-petition
interest rate we can charge, as it does for most creditors. Once the customer is in a confirmed Chapter 13 bankruptcy plan, we receive payments with respect to the remaining amount of the loan at the reduced interest rate from the bankruptcy
trustee. If a customer fails to comply with the terms of the bankruptcy order, we will petition the trustee to have the customer dismissed from bankruptcy. Upon dismissal, we restore the account to the original terms and pursue collection through
our normal loan servicing activities.    We charge off loans during the month the loan is contractually delinquent 180 days. Non-titled
accounts in a confirmed Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy are charged off at 60 days contractually delinquent, subject to certain exceptions. Deceased borrower accounts are charged off in the month following the proper notification of passing,
with the exception of borrowers with credit life insurance. We initiate repossession proceedings on certain loans when we have exhausted other means of collection and, in the opinion of management, the customer is unlikely to make further payments.
We sell substantially all repossessed vehicles through public sales conducted by independent automobile auction organizations, after the required post-repossession waiting period. Losses on the sale of repossessed collateral are charged to the
allowance for credit losses.      Income Recognition.    
 Interest income is recognized using the interest method (constant yield method). Therefore, we recognize revenue from interest at an equal rate
over the term of the loan. Unearned finance charges on pre-compute contracts are rebated to customers utilizing statutory methods, which in many cases is the sum-of-the-years  digits method. The difference between income recognized under the
constant yield method and the statutory method is recognized as an adjustment to interest income at the time of rebate. Accrual of interest income on finance receivables is suspended when an account becomes 90 days delinquent on a contractual basis.
The accrual of income is not resumed until one or more full contractual monthly payments are received and the account is less than 90 days contractually delinquent. Interest income is suspended on finance receivables for which collateral has been
repossessed. If the account is charged off, the interest income is reversed as a reduction of interest and fee income.    We recognize
income on credit life insurance using the sum-of-the-years  digits or actuarial methods over the terms of the policies. We recognize income on credit accident and health insurance using the average of the sum-of-the-years  digits and the
straight-line methods over the terms of the policies. We recognize income on credit-related property and automobile insurance using the straight-line or sum-of-the-years  digits methods over the terms of the policies. We recognize income on
credit-related involuntary unemployment insurance using the straight-line method over the terms of the policies. Rebates are computed using statutory methods, which in many cases match the GAAP method, and where it does not match, the difference
between the GAAP method and the statutory method is recognized in income at the time of rebate.    We defer fees charged to automobile
dealers and recognize income using the constant yield method for indirect loans and the straight-line method for direct loans over the lives of the respective loans.  
 Charges for late fees are recognized as income when collected.  
   Insurance Operations.    
 Insurance operations include revenue and expense from the sale of optional insurance products to our customers. These optional products include
credit life insurance, credit accident and health insurance, property insurance, automobile insurance, and involuntary unemployment insurance.  
   Share-Based Compensation.    
 We measure compensation cost for share-based awards at estimated fair value and recognize compensation expense over the service period for
awards expected to vest. All grants are made at 100% of fair value at the date of the grant. We use the closing stock price on the date of grant as the fair value of restricted stock and common stock awards. The fair value of stock options is
determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Black-Scholes model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected life, changes to which can materially affect the
fair value estimate. The expected volatility is based on our historical stock price volatility. The risk-free rate is based on the zero coupon U.S. Treasury bond rate for the expected term of the award on the grant date. The expected term is
calculated by using the simplified method (average of the vesting and original contractual terms) due to insufficient historical data to estimate the expected term. In addition, the estimation of share-based awards that will ultimately vest requires
judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from current estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised.  
      Income Taxes.    
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various states. We are generally no longer subject to federal, state, or
local income tax examinations by taxing authorities before 2012, though we remain subject to examination in New Mexico and Texas for the 2011 tax year.  
 When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities,
while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which,
based on all  
      34  

Table of Contents  

available evidence, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are
not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the
applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. As of September 30, 2016, we had not taken any tax position that exceeds the amount described above.  
 Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as additional income taxes in the consolidated statements of
income.    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effects of future tax rate changes are recognized in the period when the enactment of new rates occurs.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards     See
Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies,  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including information on new accounting
standards and the future adoption of such standards.      

ITEM 3.  
           QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.         
  Interest Rate Risk     Interest rate risk
arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect our results of operations and financial condition. We originate finance receivables at either prevailing market rates or at statutory limits. Our finance receivables are
structured on a fixed rate, fixed term basis. Accordingly, subject to statutory limits, our ability to react to changes in prevailing market rates is dependent upon the speed at which our customers pay off or renew loans in our existing loan
portfolio, which allows us to originate new loans at prevailing market rates. Our loan portfolio turns over approximately 1.4 times per year from payments, renewals, and charge-offs of loans. Because our automobile loans have longer maturities and
typically are not refinanced prior to maturity, the rate of turnover of the loan portfolio may change as these loans change as a percentage of our portfolio.  
 We also are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our borrowing activities, which include a senior revolving credit facility
with a group of banks used to maintain liquidity and fund our business operations. The nature and amount of our debt may vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. At September 30, 2016, our outstanding
long-term debt under our senior revolving credit facility was $435.4 million and interest on borrowings under this facility was approximately 4.29% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, including an unused line fee. Because the LIBOR
interest rates are currently below the 1.00% floor provided for in our senior revolving credit facility, an increase of 100 basis points in the LIBOR interest rate would result in an increase of less than 100 basis points to our borrowing costs.
Based on a LIBOR rate of 62.5 basis points and the outstanding balance at September 30, 2016, an increase of 100 basis points in the LIBOR would result in an increase of 62.5 basis points to our borrowing costs and would result in approximately $2.3
million of increased interest expense on an annual basis.    We purchased interest rate caps in April 2015 to manage interest rate risk
associated with a notional $150.0 million of our LIBOR-based borrowings. These interest rate caps are based on the one-month LIBOR, reimburse us for the difference when the one-month LIBOR exceeds 2.50%, and have a maturity of April 2018. In March
2016, we purchased an additional interest rate cap having a notional principal amount of $50.0 million with a 2.50% strike rate against one-month LIBOR and maturing in March 2019.  

ITEM 4.  
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.            Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
    Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange
Act  ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
  Changes in Internal Control     There were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          On May 30, 2014, a securities class action
lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the   Court  ) against the Company and certain of its current and former directors, executive officers, and stockholders (collectively, the
  Defendants  ). The complaint alleged violations of the Securities Act of 1933 (the   1933 Act Claims  ) and sought unspecified compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the
Company s common stock in the September 2013 and December 2013 secondary public offerings. On August 25, 2014, Waterford Township Police   Fire Retirement System and City of Roseville Employees  Retirement System were appointed as lead
plaintiffs (collectively, the   Plaintiffs  ). An amended complaint was filed on November 24, 2014. In addition to the 1933 Act Claims, the amended complaint also added claims for violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
  1934 Act Claims  ) seeking unspecified compensatory damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company s common stock between May 2, 2013 and October 30, 2014, inclusive. On January 26, 2015, the
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint in its entirety. In response, the Plaintiffs sought and were granted leave to file an amended complaint. On February 27, 2015, the Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. Like the prior
amended complaint, the second amended complaint asserts 1933 Act Claims and 1934 Act Claims and seeks unspecified compensatory damages. The Defendants  motion to dismiss the second amended complaint was filed on April 28, 2015, the
Plaintiffs  opposition was filed on June 12, 2015, and the Defendants  reply was filed on July 13, 2015.    On March 30,
2016, the Court granted the Defendants  motion to dismiss the second amended complaint in its entirety. On May 23, 2016, the Plaintiffs moved for leave to file a third amended complaint. The Defendants  opposition brief was filed on
June 9, 2016, and the Plaintiffs  reply was filed on June 20, 2016. The motion for leave to amend remains under consideration by the Court. The Company believes that the claims against it are without merit and will continue to defend
against the litigation vigorously.    The Company s primary insurance carrier during the applicable time period has (i) denied
coverage for the 1933 Act Claims and (ii) acknowledged coverage of the Company and other insureds for the 1934 Act Claims under a reservation of rights and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable insurance policy. The parties plan
to negotiate an allocation between denied and acknowledged claims, as appropriate.    In addition, the Company is involved in a purchase
price dispute stemming from the Company s acquisition of certain consumer loan receivables. The dispute has been submitted to a large public accounting firm for resolution and determination of the final purchase price for such receivables
pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. The final purchase price will be between $27.9 million and $29.9 million, and the Company has already paid $28.1 million toward the purchase price. The Company is currently vigorously
defending its position in the dispute.    The Company is also involved in various legal proceedings and related actions that have arisen in
the ordinary course of its business that have not been fully adjudicated. The Company s management does not believe that these matters, when ultimately concluded and determined, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition,
liquidity, or results of operations.      

ITEM 1A.  
     RISK FACTORS          Except as set forth below, there have been no
material changes to our risk factors from those included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016. In addition to the other
information set forth in this report and in our other reports and statements that we file with the SEC, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015 (which was filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016) and in Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016 (which was filed with the SEC on
April 28, 2016), which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and/or future operating results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q are not the only risks facing our company.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and/or operating results.  
   Our centralized headquarters  functions and branch operations are susceptible to disruption by catastrophic events, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.      In October 2016, we relocated our
headquarters to a new office building located in Greer, South Carolina, a town located outside of Greenville, South Carolina. Our information systems and administrative and management processes are primarily provided to our branches from this
centralized location, and our separate data management facility is located in Greenville, South Carolina. These processes could be disrupted if a catastrophic event, such as a tornado, power outage, or act of terror, affected Greenville, Greer, or
the nearby areas. Any such catastrophic event(s) or other unexpected disruption of our headquarters or data management facility could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.  

ITEM 6.  
     EXHIBITS          The exhibits listed in the accompanying exhibit index are
filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

REGIONAL MANAGEMENT CORP.   

Date: October 27, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Donald E. Thomas   

Donald E. Thomas, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)  
 
      38  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  

Incorporated by
Reference   
    
  Filed   
 
    Number   
    
    Exhibit Description   
    
    Form   
    
    File No.   
    
    Exhibit   
    
    Filing Date   
    
    Herewith    

10.1 
    
 Second Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2016, by and among the Company, Regional Finance Corporation of South Carolina, Regional Finance Corporation of Georgia, Regional
Finance Corporation of Texas, Regional Finance Corporation of North Carolina, Regional Finance Corporation of Alabama, Regional Finance Corporation of Tennessee, Regional Finance Company of New Mexico, LLC, Regional Finance Company of Oklahoma, LLC,
Regional Finance Company of Missouri, LLC, Regional Finance Company of Georgia, LLC, RMC Financial Services of Florida, LLC, Regional Finance Company of Louisiana, LLC, Regional Finance Company of Mississippi, LLC, Regional Finance Company of
Kentucky, LLC, and Regional Finance Company of Virginia, LLC, the financial institutions listed therein (such financial institutions, together with their respective successors and assigns, collectively the   Lenders  ), and Bank of
America, N.A. as agent for the Lenders. 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-35477 
    
 10.1 
    
 8/29/2016 

31.1 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

X  

31.2 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

X  

32 
    
 Section 1350 Certifications 

X  

101 
    
 The following materials from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and the year ended December 31, 2015; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

X  
 
      39  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d231882dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Peter R. Knitzer,
certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Regional Management Corp.;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Peter R. Knitzer   

Peter R. Knitzer  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d231882dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Donald E. Thomas,
certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Regional Management Corp.;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Donald E. Thomas   

Donald E. Thomas  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d231882dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned hereby certifies
that to his knowledge: (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Regional Management Corp. (the   Company  ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company on the dates and for the periods presented therein.      

Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Peter R. Knitzer   

Peter R. Knitzer  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Donald E. Thomas   

Donald E. Thomas  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 rm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

