<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1386301_0001144204-16-133589_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3340296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66890</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>166001</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>999625</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1410763</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>608409</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133589.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114062910
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133589
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Research Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001386301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53501
		FILM NUMBER:		161990261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5435 BALBOA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91316
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310 477 0354

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5435 BALBOA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91316

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Derycz Scientific Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133589.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451967_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended: September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from _____________
to _____________  

Commission File No. 000-53501  

  RESEARCH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(310) 477-0354  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     
 No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     
 No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
 No      

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
      3   
 
       Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
      3   
 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      14   
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      21   
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
       
      21   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
       
      22   
 
       Item 6. Exhibits   
       
      22   

SIGNATURES   
       
      23   

2   

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Research Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

3   

Research Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

4   

Research Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders'
Equity  

  For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

5   

Research Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements  

6   

RESEARCH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 (Unaudited)  

Note 1.    Organization, Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Organization   

Research Solutions,
Inc. (the  Company,   Research Solutions,   we,   us  or  our ) was
incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 2, 2006.  On March 4, 2013, we consummated a merger with DYSC Subsidiary
Corporation, our wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to which we, in connection with such merger, amended our Articles of Incorporation
to change our name to Research Solutions, Inc. (formerly Derycz Scientific, Inc.). Research Solutions, Inc. is a publicly traded
holding company with two wholly owned subsidiaries: Reprints Desk, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Reprints Desk ) and
Reprints Desk Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V, an entity organized under the laws of Mexico ( Reprints Desk Latin America ). 

Nature of Business   

We provide a cloud
based software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) research intelligence platform that allows on-demand access to scientific, technical,
and medical ( STM ) information for life science companies, academic institutions, and other research-intensive organizations.
We provide three service offerings to our customers: Article Galaxy SaaS Platforms ( Platform(s) ), Article Galaxy Transactions
( Transactions ), and Reprints and ePrints. 

Platforms   

Our cloud-based
SaaS solution consists of proprietary software and Internet-based interfaces that allow customers to initiate orders, manage transactions,
obtain reporting, automate authentication, and connect seamlessly to corporate intranets. Customers can also enhance the information
resources they already own or access via subscriptions or internal libraries, as well as organize workgroups to collaborate around
scientific and technical information. 

Our Platform
is deployed as a single system across our entire customer base. Customers access the Platform securely through online web interfaces
and via web service APIs, which enable customers to leverage features and functionality from within proprietary and other 3rd party
software systems. The Platform can also be configured to satisfy a customer s individual preferences in areas such as user
experience, business processes, and spend management. The Platform benefits from efficiencies in scalability, stability and development
costs, resulting in significant advantages versus multiple instance or installed desktop software alternatives. We leverage these
technical efficiencies to fuel rapid innovation and competitive advantage. 

Transactions   

Our Platform
provides our customers with a single source to the universe of published STM content that includes over seventy million existing
STM articles and over one million newly published STM articles each year. Our Platform allows customers to find and download in
digital format STM articles that are critical to their research. In addition, it facilitates customers  compliance with applicable
copyright laws. 

Researchers
and knowledge workers in life science and other research-intensive organizations generally require single copies of published
STM journal articles for use in their research activities. They place orders with us for the articles they need and we source
and electronically deliver the requested content to them generally in under an hour. This service is known in the industry as
single article delivery or document delivery. We also obtain the necessary permissions from the content publisher so that our
customer s use complies with applicable copyright laws. We have arrangements with numerous content publishers that allow
us to distribute their content. The majority of these publishers provide us with electronic access to their content, which allows
us to electronically deliver single articles to our customers often in a matter of minutes. Even though single article delivery
services are charged on a transactional basis, customer order volume tends to be consistent from month to month in part due to
consistent orders of larger customers that require the implementation of our services into their work flow, subject to fluctuations
due to the addition or loss of customers. 

Reprints
and ePrints   

Marketing
departments in life science and other research-intensive organizations generally require large quantities of printed copies of
published STM journal articles called  Reprints  that are distributed to physicians and at conferences. We obtain the
necessary permissions from the content publisher so that our customer s use complies with applicable copyright laws. The
majority of content publishers print their content in-house and prohibit others from printing their content; however, when not
prohibited by the content publisher, we use third parties to print Reprint orders. Electronic copies, called  ePrints ,
are also used for distribution through the Internet and other electronic mechanisms. We have developed proprietary ePrint software
that increases the efficiency of our customers  content purchases by transitioning from paper Reprints to electronic ePrints,
and by improving compliance with applicable copyright laws and promotional regulations within the life science industry. Reprints
and ePrints are charged on a transactional basis and order volume typically fluctuates from month to month based on customer marketing
budgets and the existence of STM journal articles that fit customer requirements. 

7   

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying financial
statements are consolidated and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information
and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations. Accordingly, these interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016 included
herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including
notes, required by GAAP. 

In the opinion of management,
the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to fairly present the
Company's financial position and results of operations for the interim periods reflected. Except as noted, all adjustments contained
herein are of a normal recurring nature. Results of operations for the fiscal periods presented herein are not necessarily indicative
of fiscal year-end results. 

Note 2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

These estimates and
assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts, analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles, accruals
for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing equity instruments issued for services or acquisitions. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments,
which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.
The Company places its cash with high quality financial institutions and at times may exceed the FDIC $250,000 insurance limit.
The Company does not anticipate incurring any losses related to these credit risks. The Company extends credit based on an evaluation
of the customer's financial condition, generally without collateral. Exposure to losses on receivables is principally dependent
on each customer's financial condition. The Company monitors its exposure for credit losses and intends to maintain allowances
for anticipated losses, as required. 

Cash denominated in Euros
with a US Dollar equivalent of $133,840 and $76,793 at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, was held by
Reprints Desk in accounts at financial institutions located in Europe. 

There were no customers
that accounted for greater than 10% of accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The following table
summarizes revenue concentrations: 

The following table
summarizes vendor concentrations: 

* Less than 10% 

8   

Revenue Recognition   

The Company s
policy is to recognize revenue when services have been performed, risk of loss and title to the product transfers to the customer,
the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. We generate revenue by providing three service
offerings to our customers: Platforms, Transactions, and Reprints and ePrints. 

Platforms

We charge
a subscription fee that allows customers to access and utilize our SaaS platform. Revenue is recognized ratably over the term of
the subscription agreement, which is typically one year, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Billings
or payments received in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Transactions   

We charge
a transactional service fee for the electronic delivery of single articles, and a corresponding copyright fee for the permitted
use of the content. This service is known in the industry as single article delivery or document delivery. We recognize revenue
from single article delivery services upon delivery to the customer only when the selling price is fixed or determinable, and
collectability is reasonably assured. 

Reprints
and ePrints   

We charge
a transactional fee for each Reprint or ePrint order and are responsible for printing and delivery of Reprint orders, and the electronic
delivery and, in some cases, the electronic delivery mechanism of ePrint orders. The majority of content publishers print their
content in-house and prohibit others from printing their content; however, when not prohibited by the content publisher, we use
third parties to print Reprint orders. We recognize revenue from reprints and ePrints services upon shipment or electronic delivery
to the customer only when the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Deferred Revenue    

Customer deposits and
billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Cost of Revenue   

Platforms

Cost of Platform
revenue consists primarily of personnel costs of our operations team, and to a lesser extent managed hosting providers and other
third-party service providers. 

Transactions   

Cost of
Transaction revenue consists primarily of the respective copyright fee for the permitted use of the content, less a discount in
most cases, and to a much lesser extent, personnel costs of our operations team and third-party service providers. 

Reprints
and ePrints   

Cost of Reprints
and ePrints revenue consists primarily of the respective copyright fee for the permitted use of the content, and to a much lesser
extent, personnel costs of our operations team, shipping, and printing. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company periodically
issues stock options, warrants and restricted stock to employees and non-employees for services, in capital raising transactions,
and for financing costs. The Company accounts for share-based payments under the guidance as set forth in the Share-Based Payment
Topic 718 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
for all share-based payment awards made to employees, officers, directors, and consultants, including employee stock options, based
on estimated fair values. The Company estimates the fair value of stock option and warrant awards to employees and directors on
the date of grant using an option-pricing model, and the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest
is recognized as expense over the required service period in the Company's Statements of Operations. The Company estimates the
fair value of restricted stock awards to employees and directors using the market price of the Company s common stock on
the date of grant, and the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over
the required service period in the Company's Statements of Operations. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees
in accordance with Topic 505 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, whereby the value of the stock compensation is based
upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) the date at which
the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Stock-based compensation is based on awards ultimately expected
to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, as necessary, in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  

9   

Foreign Currency   

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements are presented in United States dollars, the functional currency of the Company. Capital accounts of foreign
subsidiaries are translated into US Dollars from foreign currency at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions
occurred. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate as of the balance sheet date. Income and expenditures are
translated at the average exchange rate of the period. Although the majority of our revenue and costs are in US dollars, the costs
of Reprints Desk Latin America are in Mexican Pesos. As a result, currency exchange fluctuations may impact our revenue and
the costs of our operations. We currently do not engage in any currency hedging activities. 

Gains and losses from
foreign currency transactions, which result from a change in exchange rates between the functional currency and the currency in
which a foreign currency transaction is denominated, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and amounted
to $3,324 and $1,317, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the exchange
rates used: 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share   

Basic net income (loss)
per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period,
excluding shares of unvested restricted common stock. Shares of restricted stock are included in the basic weighted average number
of common shares outstanding from the time they vest. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the net income applicable
to common stock holders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares
that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued, using the treasury stock method. Shares
of restricted stock are included in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding from the date they are granted.
Potential common shares are excluded from the computation when their effect is antidilutive. At September 30, 2016 potentially
dilutive securities include options to acquire 2,723,193 shares of common stock and warrants to acquire 1,985,000 shares of common
stock.  At September 30, 2015 potentially dilutive securities include options to acquire 2,508,503 shares of common stock
and warrants to acquire 305,000 shares of common stock. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in
diluted net income per share if the exercise prices were lower than the average fair market value of common shares during the reporting
period. 

Basic and diluted net
loss per common share is the same for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because all stock options, warrants, and
unvested restricted common stock are anti-dilutive. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers .
ASU 2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace
it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue
based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective
for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively
or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Management is currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU
2014-09 and has not determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset
and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective
transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning
of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company
is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

Other recent accounting
pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's
present or future consolidated financial statements.  

10   

Note 3.    Line of Credit  

The Company entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ) on July 23, 2010, which, as amended, provides for
a revolving line of credit for the lesser of $4,000,000, or 80% of eligible accounts receivable. The line of credit matures on
October 31, 2017, and is subject to certain financial and performance covenants with which we were in compliance as of September
30, 2016. Financial covenants include maintaining a ratio of quick assets to current liabilities of at least 0.8 to 1.0, and maintaining
tangible net worth of $600,000, plus 50% of net income for the fiscal quarter ended from and after December 31, 2015, plus 50%
of the dollar value of equity issuances after October 1, 2015 and the principal amount of subordinated debt. The line of credit
bears interest at the prime rate plus 2.25% for periods in which we maintain an account balance with SVB (less all indebtedness
owed to SVB) of at least $800,000 at all times during the prior calendar month (the  Streamline Period ), and at the
prime rate plus 5.25% when a Streamline Period is not in effect. The interest rate on the line of credit was 5.75% as of September
30, 2016. The line of credit is secured by the Company s consolidated assets. 

There were no outstanding
borrowings under the line as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016, approximately $2,860,000 and $3,390,000, respectively, of available credit was unused. 

Note 4.    Stockholders  Equity  

Stock Options   

In December
2007, we established the 2007 Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan was approved by our board of directors
and stockholders. The purpose of the Plan is to grant stock and options to our employees, directors and key consultants to purchase
our common stock. On November 21, 2014, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted
under the Plan (including issuance of restricted common stock) increased from 3,000,000 to 5,000,000, as approved by our board
of directors and stockholders. Cancelled and forfeited stock options and stock awards may again become available for grant under
the Plan. There were 734,148 shares available for grant under the Plan as of September 30, 2016. All stock option grants are made
under the 2007 Equity Compensation Plan. 

The majority of awards
issued under the Plan vest immediately or over three years, with a one year cliff vesting period, and have a term of ten years.
Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the awards that are ultimately expected
to vest, and recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. 

The following table summarizes vested and
unvested stock option activity: 

The weighted average
remaining contractual life of all options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was 5.74 years. The remaining contractual life for
options vested and exercisable at September 30, 2016 was 5.49 years. Furthermore, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 was $129,260, and the aggregate intrinsic value of options vested and exercisable at September 30, 2016
was $117,900, in each case based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on September 30, 2016. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 6,000 options to an employee with a fair value of $3,600.  The fair value was
calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate of 81.4%, (ii) discount
rate 1.27%, (iii) zero expected dividend yield, and (iv) expected term of 6 years based upon the average of the term of the option
and the vesting period. The total fair value of options that vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $14,856
and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations.  As of September
30, 2016, the amount of unvested compensation related to these options was $100,488 which will be recorded as an expense in future
periods as the options vest. 

11   

Additional information regarding stock options
outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Warrants   

The following table summarizes warrant activity: 

There was no intrinsic
value for all warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2016, based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on September
30, 2016. 

Additional information regarding warrants outstanding
and exercisable as of September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

12   

Restricted Common Stock   

Prior to July 1, 2016,
the Company issued 1,303,687 shares of restricted common stock to employees valued at $1,286,474, of which $783,845 had been recognized
as an expense. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued an additional 103,638 shares of restricted stock to employees. These shares vest over
a three year period, with a one year cliff vesting period, and remain subject to forfeiture if vesting conditions are not met.
The aggregate fair value of the stock awards was $100,529 based on the market price of our common stock at $0.97 per share on the
date of grant, which will be amortized over the three-year vesting period. Restricted common stock grants are made under the 2007
Equity Compensation Plan. 

The total fair value
of restricted common stock vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $87,733 and is included in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the amount of unvested
compensation related to issuances of restricted common stock was $515,785, which will be recognized as an expense in future periods
as the shares vest. When calculating basic net income (loss) per share, these shares are included in weighted average common shares
outstanding from the time they vest. When calculating diluted net income per share, these shares are included in weighted average
common shares outstanding as of their grant date. 

The following table summarizes restricted
common stock activity: 

Common Stock Repurchase and Retirement   

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 25,508 shares of our common stock from employees at an average market price of
approximately $1.04 per share for an aggregate amount of $26,528. The shares of common stock were surrendered by employees to cover
tax withholding obligations with respect to the vesting of restricted stock. Shares repurchased are retired and deducted from common
stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. 

Note 5.    Subsequent Events  

On November 10, 2016,
the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2007 Equity Compensation Plan
increased from 5,000,000 to 7,000,000, as approved by our board of directors and stockholders. 

13   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to those financial statements that are included
elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth
under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  

We use words such
as  anticipate,   estimate,   plan,   project,   continuing,   ongoing, 
 expect,   believe,   intend,   may,   will,   should, 
 could,  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in
this report are based on information available to us on the date hereof and, except as required by law, we assume no obligation
to update any such forward-looking statements.  

Overview  

Research Solutions
was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 2, 2006, and in November 2006 entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with
Reprints Desk. At the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, Research Solutions acquired all
of the outstanding shares of Reprints Desk from its stockholders and issued 8,000,003 shares of common stock to the former stockholders
of Reprints Desk. Following completion of the exchange transaction, Reprints Desk became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Research
Solutions.  

On July 24, 2012, we
formed Reprints Desk Latin America to provide operational and administrative support services to Reprints Desk. 

On March 4, 2013, we
consummated a merger with DYSC Subsidiary Corporation, our wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to which we, in connection with such
merger, amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Research Solutions, Inc. (formerly Derycz Scientific, Inc.). 

We provide a cloud
based software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) research intelligence platform that allows on-demand access to scientific, technical,
and medical ( STM ) information for life science companies, academic institutions, and other research-intensive organizations.
We provide three service offerings to our customers: Article Galaxy SaaS Platforms ( Platform(s) ), Article Galaxy Transactions
( Transactions ), and Reprints and ePrints. 

Platforms   

Our cloud-based
SaaS solution consists of proprietary software and Internet-based interfaces that allow customers to initiate orders, manage transactions,
obtain reporting, automate authentication, and connect seamlessly to corporate intranets. Customers can also enhance the information
resources they already own or access via subscriptions or internal libraries, as well as organize workgroups to collaborate around
scientific and technical information. 

Our Platform
is deployed as a single system across our entire customer base. Customers access the Platform securely through online web interfaces
and via web service APIs, which enable customers to leverage features and functionality from within proprietary and other 3rd party
software systems. The Platform can also be configured to satisfy a customer s individual preferences in areas such as user
experience, business processes, and spend management. The Platform benefits from efficiencies in scalability, stability and development
costs, resulting in significant advantages versus multiple instance or installed desktop software alternatives. We leverage these
technical efficiencies to fuel rapid innovation and competitive advantage. We are continually improving the functionality of the
platform to further differentiate it from potential competition. 

Transactions   

Our Platform
provides our customers with a single source to the universe of published STM content without the limitations of a fixed catalog,
and includes over seventy million existing STM articles and over one million newly published STM articles each year. Our Platform
allows customers to find and download in digital format STM articles that are critical to their research. In addition, it facilitates
customers  compliance with applicable copyright laws. 

Researchers
and knowledge workers in life science and other research-intensive organizations generally require single copies of published
STM journal articles for use in their research activities. They place orders with us for the articles they need and we source
and electronically deliver the requested content to them generally in under an hour. This service is known in the industry as
single article delivery or  document delivery . We also obtain the necessary permissions from the content publisher
so that our customer s use complies with applicable copyright laws. We have arrangements with numerous content publishers
that allow us to distribute their content. The majority of these publishers provide us with electronic access to their content,
which allows us to electronically deliver single articles to our customers often in a matter of minutes. Even though single article
delivery services are charged on a transactional basis, customer order volume tends to be consistent from month to month in part
due to consistent orders of larger customers that require the implementation of our services into their work flow, subject to
fluctuations due to the addition or loss of customers. 

14   

Reprints
and ePrints   

Marketing
departments in life science and other research-intensive organizations generally require large quantities of printed copies of
published STM journal articles called Medical Reprints or  Reprints  that are distributed to physicians and at conferences.
We obtain the necessary permissions from the content publisher so that our customer s use complies with applicable copyright
laws. The majority of content publishers print their content in-house and prohibit others from printing their content; however,
when not prohibited by the content publisher, we use third parties to print Reprint orders. Electronic copies, called  ePrints ,
are also used for distribution through the Internet and other electronic mechanisms. We have developed proprietary ePrint software
that increases the efficiency of our customers  content purchases by transitioning from paper Reprints to electronic ePrints,
and by improving compliance with applicable copyright laws and promotional regulations within the life science industry. Reprints
and ePrints are charged on a transactional basis and order volume typically fluctuates from month to month based on customer marketing
budgets and the existence of STM journal articles that fit customer requirements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The preparation of
our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP,
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. When making these estimates and assumptions, we consider our historical
experience, our knowledge of economic and market factors and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ under different estimates and assumptions. 

The accounting estimates
and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial
statements because they inherently involve significant judgments and uncertainties. 

Revenue Recognition   

Our policy is to recognize
revenue when services have been performed, risk of loss and title to the product transfers to the customer, the selling price is
fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. We generate revenue by providing three service offerings to our
customers: Platforms, Transactions, and Reprints and ePrints. 

Platforms

We charge
a subscription fee that allows customers to access and utilize our SaaS platform. Revenue is recognized ratably over the term of
the subscription agreement, which is typically one year, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Billings
or payments received in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Transactions   

We charge
a transactional service fee for the electronic delivery of single articles, and a corresponding copyright fee for the permitted
use of the content. This service is known in the industry as single article delivery or document delivery. We recognize revenue
from single article delivery services upon delivery to the customer only when the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability
is reasonably assured. 

Reprints
and ePrints   

We charge
a transactional fee for each Reprint or ePrint order and are responsible for printing and delivery of Reprint orders, and the electronic
delivery and, in some cases, the electronic delivery mechanism of ePrint orders. The majority of content publishers print their
content in-house and prohibit others from printing their content; however, when not prohibited by the content publisher, we use
third parties to print Reprint orders. We recognize revenue from reprints and ePrints services upon shipment or electronic delivery
to the customer only when the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

We periodically issue
stock options, warrants and restricted stock to employees and non-employees for services, in capital raising transactions, and
for financing costs. We account for share-based payments under the guidance as set forth in the Share-Based Payment Topic 718
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all
share-based payment awards made to employees, officers, directors, and consultants, including employee stock options, based on
estimated fair values. We estimate the fair value of stock option and warrant awards to employees and directors on the date of
grant using an option-pricing model, and the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized
as expense over the required service period in our Statements of Operations. We estimate the fair value of restricted stock awards
to employees and directors using the market price of our common stock on the date of grant, and the value of the portion of the
award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the required service period in our Statements of Operations.
We account for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with Topic 505 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,
whereby the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a
performance commitment is reached, or b) the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete.
Stock-based compensation is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures
are estimated at the time of grant and revised, as necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

15   

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   

Please refer to footnote 2 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q for a discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 

Quarterly Information (Unaudited)   

The following table
sets forth unaudited and quarterly financial data for the most recent eight quarters: 

16   

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

Results of Operations   

Revenue   

17   

Total revenue decreased
$368,385, or 4.6%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year, due to the following: 

Category    
       Impact   
       
       Key Drivers    
 
     Platforms 
       
       h   
      $   
      113,609  
       
      Increased
    due to an increase in deployments resulting from the acquisition of new customers. Revenue is recognized ratably over the
    term of the subscription agreement, which is typically one year, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been
    met. Billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue.   
 
     Transactions 
       
       h   
      $   
      439,158  
       
      Increased primarily due to a net increase in orders resulting from the acquisition of new customers. Even though single article delivery services are charged on a transactional basis, customer order volume tends to be consistent from month to month in part due to consistent orders of larger customers that require the implementation of our services into their work flow, subject to fluctuations due to the addition or loss of customers.   
 
      Reprints and ePrints  
       
       i   
      $   
      921,152  
       
      Decreased due to a decrease in orders from existing customers. Reprints and ePrints are charged on a transactional basis and order volume typically fluctuates from month to month based on customer marketing budgets and the existence of STM journal articles that fit customer requirements.   

Cost of Revenue   

* The difference between current
and prior period cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue 

Total cost of revenue
as a percentage of revenue decreased 0.7%, from 80.6% for the previous year to 80.0%, for the three months ended September 30,
2016, due to the following: 

Category    
       Impact as percentage of revenue   
       
       Key Drivers    
 
     Platforms 
       
       i    
       
      2.7 %  
       
      Decreased due to reduced fixed cost as a percentage of revenue.   
 
     Transactions

h    
       
      1.4 %  
       
       Increased due to a reduction in copyright discounts and one time implementation fees, and a reduction
in service fee revenue as a percentage of total revenue.   
 
      Reprints and ePrints  
       
       h    
       
      3.1 %  
       
      Increased
    primarily due to greater fixed personnel cost as a percentage of revenue.   

18   

Gross Profit   

* The difference between current
and prior period gross profit as a percentage of revenue 

Operating Expenses   

Category    
       Impact   
       
       Key Drivers    
 
      Sales and marketing  
       
       h   
      $   
      84,137  
       
      Increased primarily due to greater personnel cost and travel expenses.   
 
      General and administrative  
       
       h   
      $   
      147,746  
       
      Increased primarily due to greater personnel cost and consulting fees.    
 
      Depreciation and amortization   
       
       h    
      $   
      15,731  
       
      Increased due to greater amortization of customer list.   

Net Income (Loss)   

Net loss increased
$231,846 or 129.7%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily
due to increased operating expenses as described above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

19   

Liquidity   

Since our inception,
we have funded our operations primarily through private sales of equity securities and the exercise of warrants, which have provided
aggregate net cash proceeds to date of approximately $15,972,000. As of September 30, 2016, we had working capital of $5,524,503
and stockholders  equity of $5,703,169. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net loss of $410,666,
cash provided by operating activities was $533,686. We may incur losses for an indeterminate period and may never sustain profitability.
We may be unable to achieve and maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. An extended period of losses and negative
cash flow may prevent us from successfully operating and expanding our business. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $6,566,214, compared to $6,076,875 as of June 30, 2016, an increase of $489,339. This
increase was primarily due to cash provided by operating activities. 

Operating Activities   

Net cash provided by
operating activities was $533,686 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and resulted primarily from a decrease in accounts
receivable of $1,184,710, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $374,291 and an increase in
prepaid royalties of $244,400. 

Net cash provided by
operating activities was $110,521 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and resulted primarily from an increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of $244,330, partially offset by an increase in prepaid royalties of $146,045. 

Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing
activities from continuing operations was $15,310 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and resulted from the purchase
of intangible assets and property and equipment. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash used in financing
activities from continuing operations was $26,528 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and resulted from the repurchase
of common stock. 

Net cash used in financing
activities from continuing operations was $1,756 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and resulted from the repurchase
of common stock. 

We entered into a Loan
and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ) on July 23, 2010, which, as amended, provides for a revolving
line of credit for the lesser of $4,000,000, or 80% of eligible accounts receivable. The line of credit matures on October 31,
2017, and is subject to certain financial and performance covenants with which we were in compliance as of September 30, 2016.
Financial covenants include maintaining a ratio of quick assets to current liabilities of at least 0.8 to 1.0, and maintaining
tangible net worth of $600,000, plus 50% of net income for the fiscal quarter ended from and after December 31, 2015, plus 50%
of the dollar value of equity issuances after October 1, 2015 and the principal amount of subordinated debt. The line of credit
bears interest at the prime rate plus 2.25% for periods in which we maintain an account balance with SVB (less all indebtedness
owed to SVB) of at least $800,000 at all times during the prior calendar month (the  Streamline Period ), and at the
prime rate plus 5.25% when a Streamline Period is not in effect. The interest rate on the line of credit was 5.75% as of September
30, 2016. The line of credit is secured by our consolidated assets. 

There were no outstanding
borrowings under the line as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016, approximately $2,860,000 and $3,390,000, respectively, of available credit was unused. 

Non-GAAP Measure   Adjusted EBITDA  

In addition to our
GAAP results, we present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized
measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance
measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity.
We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), plus interest expense, other income (expense), foreign currency transaction loss,
provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, income (loss) from discontinued operations,
impairment of acquired intangibles and goodwill, loss on facility sublease, and (gain) loss on sale of fixed assets. Management
considers our core operating performance to be that which our managers can affect in any particular period through their management
of the resources that affect our underlying revenue and profit generating operations that period. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results
prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider
them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur
expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should
not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 

Set forth below is
a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

20   

We present Adjusted
EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent
basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, we use Adjusted
EBITDA in developing our internal budgets, forecasts and strategic plan; in analyzing the effectiveness of our business strategies
in evaluating potential acquisitions; and in making compensation decisions and in communications with our board of directors concerning
our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following: 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;   

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;   

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; and   

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk   

Not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For purposes of this section, the term
 disclosure controls and procedures  means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the
end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness
of Controls   

Management does not
expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control systems are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been or will
be detected. 

These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or
mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

21   

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

In addition, our management
with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have determined that no change in our
internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 6. Exhibits   

See  Exhibit Index  on the page
immediately following the signature page hereto for a list of exhibits filed as part of this report, which is incorporated herein
by reference. 

22   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

RESEARCH SOLUTIONS, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Peter Victor Derycz   

Peter Victor Derycz   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/ Alan Louis Urban   

Alan Louis Urban   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

23   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

24   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451967_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Peter Victor Derycz, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Research Solutions, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:     November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Peter Victor Derycz   

Peter Victor Derycz   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451967_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Alan Louis Urban, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Research Solutions, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:      November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Alan Louis Urban   

Alan Louis Urban   

Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451967_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Research Solutions,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Peter Victor Derycz, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Peter Victor Derycz  

Peter Victor Derycz  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451967_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Research Solutions,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alan Louis Urban, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Alan Louis Urban  

Alan Louis Urban  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rsss-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rsss-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rsss-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rsss-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rsss-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rsss-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

