<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1289945_0001289945-16-000095_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4842428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104928</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>247154</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1884422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1766041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>712261</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001289945-16-000095.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027160526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001289945-16-000095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spok Holdings, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				161694797
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32358
		FILM NUMBER:		161955553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6850 VERSAR CENTER,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 420
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-611-8488

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6850 VERSAR CENTER,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 420
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22151

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA Mobility, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040719

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wizards-Patriots Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001289945-16-000095.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 spok-3q16x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number: 001-32358 
       
               SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE 
      
    16-1694797 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(800) 611-8488 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  20,538,372 shares of the registrant s common stock ($0.0001 par value per share) were outstanding as of October 21, 2016. 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  I  NDEX 

Page   
      PART I. 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    4 

Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 
        
    Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    15 
        
    Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    34 
        
    Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    34 
      PART II. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    35 
        
    Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    35 
        
    Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and the Use of Proceeds  
    35 
        
    Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    36 
       Signatures  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1)   Business     Spok Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "we," "Spok," or "the Company"), through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Spok, Inc., is a comprehensive provider of critical communication solutions for enterprises. We are a leader in critical communication for healthcare, government, public safety and other industries. We deliver smart, reliable solutions to help protect the health, well-being and safety of people primarily in the United States. Organizations rely on Spok for workflow improvement, secure texting, paging services, contact center optimization and public safety response. Our product offerings are capable of addressing a customer's mission critical communications needs. 
   
  (2)   Preparation of Interim Financial Statements     Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Amounts shown on the condensed consolidated statements of income within the operating expense categories of cost of revenue; service, rental and maintenance; selling and marketing; and general and administrative are recorded exclusive of severance costs and depreciation, amortization and accretion. These items are shown separately on the condensed consolidated statements of income within operating expenses. Foreign currency translation adjustments were deemed immaterial and consequently, no statements of comprehensive income are presented. 
  The financial information included herein, other than the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015  , is unaudited. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from, but does not include, all the disclosures contained in the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . In management s opinion, our unaudited condensed consolidated statements include all adjustments and accruals that are necessary for a fair presentation of the results of all interim periods reported herein and all such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature (except for the reduction of deferred tax assets and related valuation allowance described in Note 13). 
  These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   Annual Report ). The condensed consolidated statements of income for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full year. 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
   
  (3)   Risks and Other Important Factors     See  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Quarterly Report ) and "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of Part I of the   2015   Annual Report, which describes key risks associated with our operations and industry.  
   
  (4)   Recent and New Accounting Pronouncements     In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . Since this ASU was issued, the FASB has issued several updates including ASU No. 2015-14 in July 2015 which delayed the effective date, ASU No. 2016-08 in March 2016 which updated guidance related to principal versus agent considerations, ASU No. 2016-10 in April 2016 which updated guidance related to the identification of performance obligations and ASU No. 2016-12 in May 2016 which updated guidance related to scope improvements and practical expedients. The effective date is January 1, 2018, and while early adoption to the original effective date of January 1, 2017 is permitted, we have elected not to early adopt.  
  ASU No. 2014-09 creates a five-step model that requires companies to exercise judgment when considering all relevant facts and circumstances in the determination of when and how revenue is recognized. The two permitted transition methods under the new standard are the full retrospective method, in which case the standard would be applied to each prior reporting period presented, or the modified retrospective method, in which case the cumulative effect of applying the standard would be recognized at the date of initial application. We have completed our review of the acceptable transition methods and have selected the modified retrospective approach. We believe the modified retrospective approach will likely impact both deferred revenue and retained earnings in our 2018 consolidated financial statements. We continue to evaluate the potential impact from this ASU on our consolidated financial statements to assess whether any related impact will be material.  
  
   5 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases.   The new standard establishes a right of use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months.  Leases will be classified as either financing or operating with the classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. 
  ASU No. 2016-02 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption of the standard is permitted.  A modified retrospective transition approach is required for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available.  While we are still evaluating the impact of the potential new standard on our consolidated financial statements, we expect that upon adoption we will recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities and that the amounts could be material.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Stock Compensation Expense.   The new standard is primarily focused on income taxes and the presentation of taxes related to stock compensation, but also provides a simpler method of accounting for forfeitures. An entity will now be able to make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited, as permissible under existing GAAP, or account for forfeitures as incurred. The purpose of this ASU was to reduce cost and complexity of the accounting related to share-based payment awards issued to employees for public and private companies. 
  ASU No. 2016-09 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption upon issuance of the ASU is permitted. We have adopted this new ASU effective January 1, 2016. As part of the adoption, we have made an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as incurred rather than estimate the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. The following summary provides further clarification of the transition approaches and the impact on the Company for each issue in ASU No. 2016-09 that requires a retrospective or modified retrospective approach:  
     For entities electing to account for forfeitures as they are incurred, a modified retrospective transition approach, with a cumulative-effect adjustment recognized in equity, is required for stock based compensation accounted for prior to the date on which the standard is adopted. We made the policy election to account for forfeitures as incurred and therefore, recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment in equity to account for this change in the first quarter of 2016. The overall impact to our consolidated financial statements is immaterial. Future forfeitures will be accounted for as they are incurred rather than estimating the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited at the time of grant. 
     A retrospective transition approach is required for classification of employee taxes paid in the Statement of Cash Flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. In the three months ended March 31, 2015, shares were withheld for tax-withholding purposes related to the payment of vested 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") awards. Previously, the withholdings were classified as an operating activity within our Statement of Cash Flows. We have retrospectively reclassified those withholdings as a financing activity and the total reclassification was   $3.8 million  . 
     There was no additional impact on our financial statements, resulting from the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, that required a retrospective or modified retrospective approach. Any additional requirements under this ASU will be accounted for on a prospective basis. 
   
  (5)   Inventory     Inventory o  f     $  2.1 million   and $  2.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respective  ly, consisted of third-party hardware and software held for resale. We value our inventory based on the lower of cost (determined using the first-in, first-out method) or current market value.    
  
   6 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(6)   Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion     The total depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses related primarily to property and equipment, amortizable intangible assets, and asset retirement obligations. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   total depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses were   $3.2 million   and   $3.4 million  , respectively, and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $9.8 million   and   $10.6 million  , respectively. The consolidated expenses consisted of the following for the periods stated: 

(7)   Goodwill and Amortizable Intangible Assets     Goodwill at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $133.0 million  . Goodwill is evaluated in the fourth quarter of each year and when events or circumstances suggest a potential impairment has occurred. There were no triggering events, as of   September 30, 2016  , which would indicate impairment. 
  Amortizable intangible assets at   September 30, 2016   primarily include customer related intangibles, technology based intangibles, contract based intangibles and marketing intangibles that resulted from our acquisition of Amcom Software, Inc. in 2011 and IMCO Technologies Corporation in 2012. Such intangibles are being amortized over periods ranging from   two   to   ten years  . The net consolidated balance of amortizable intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Estimated amortization of intangible assets for future periods was as follows:   

7 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(8)   Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities were as follows: 

Accrued taxes are based on our estimate of outstanding state and local taxes. This balance includes a combination of income and transactional taxes and may be adjusted in the future as we settle with various taxing jurisdictions.  
   
  (9)   Asset Retirement Obligations     We recognize liabilities and corresponding assets for future obligations associated with the retirement of assets. We have paging equipment assets, principally transmitters, which are located on leased locations. The underlying leases generally require the removal of equipment at the end of the lease term; therefore, a future obligation exists. 
  At January 1, 2016, we had recognized cumulative asset retirement costs of   $3.6 million  . During 2016, we have recorded nominal charges and as a result, the total cumulative asset retirement cost remains   $3.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The asset retirement cost additions during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased paging equipment assets and are being depreciated over the related estimated lives of   51   to   60 months  . The asset retirement costs and the corresponding liabilities that have been recorded to date generally relate to either current plans to consolidate networks or to the removal of assets at an estimated future terminal date. 
  The components of the changes in the asset retirement obligation liabilities were: 

The balances above were included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  (10)   Deferred Revenue     Deferred revenue at   September 30, 2016   was   $30.2 million   for the current portion and   $0.7 million   for the non-current portion. Deferred revenue at   December 31, 2015   was   $27.0 million   for the current portion and   $0.7 million   for the non-current portion. Our deferred revenue balance represents the contractual obligation for maintenance, software license, professional services and wireless services for which the revenue recognition criteria has not yet been met. We will recognize revenue when the service or software license is provided or the delivery otherwise meets our revenue recognition criteria. 
   
  (11)   Accrued Compensation and Benefits     Accrued compensation and benefits was   $11.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $10.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   of   $0.6 million   is primarily due to the timing of payroll payments for the period ending   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period ending   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   8 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(12)   Stockholders  Equity and Stock Based Compensation     Our authorized capital stock consists of   75 million   shares of common stock, par value   $0.0001   per share, and   25 million   shares of preferred stock, par value   $0.0001   per share.  
  Changes in Stockholders  Equity.   Changes in stockholders  equity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted of: 

General  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   20,532,338   and   20,886,261   shares of common stock outstanding, respectively, and   no   shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
  2015 LTIP.   On December 9, 2014, our Board of Directors adopted an LTIP (which provides for a   36   month vesting period) that included a stock component in the form of restricted stock units ("RSUs"). Under this incentive program, RSUs will be granted to eligible employees annually and each annual grant will generally vest over a three year service period. Each annual grant includes performance metrics required to be met for vesting purposes, as established by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors also approved that future cash dividends related to the RSUs will be set aside and paid in cash to each eligible employee when the RSUs are converted into shares of common stock.  RSUs would be converted into shares of common stock on the earlier of a change in control of the Company (as defined in the 2015 LTIP) or on or after the third business day following the day that we file the Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC for the grant's final vesting year, but in no event later than December 31 of the year following the vesting date if the pre-established performance conditions are achieved.  Any unvested RSUs awarded under the 2015 LTIP and the related cash dividends are forfeited if the participant terminates employment with the Company.   
  On January 2, 2015, our Board of Directors granted   254,777   RSUs with a grant date fair value of   $4.4 million  . On January 28, 2016 our Board of Directors issued a second grant of   227,082   RSUs with a grant date fair value of   $3.8 million  . An additional   7,629   RSUs were granted to eligible employees who joined the Company during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . All issuances were made to eligible employees under the 2012 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the "2012 Equity Plan") for the 2015 LTIP pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Eligible employees have the opportunity to earn RSUs based upon continued employment with the Company and the achievement of performance goals established by our Board of Directors for our consolidated revenue and operating cash flows (as defined by the Company) during the period of January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2017 ( the 2015-2017 performance period ) for the 2015 grant and the period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018 ("the 2016-2018 performance period") for the 2016 grant, respectively. A total of   $1.7 million   was included in stock based compensation expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   relating to grants issued under the 2015 LTIP.  
  The following table summarizes the activities under the 2012 Equity Plan from January 1,   2016   through   September 30, 2016  : 

9 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table details activities with respect to RSUs issued and outstanding under the 2015 LTIP for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

2016 ESPP.    On July 25, 2016 our stockholders approved the registration  with the SEC of   250,000   shares of common stock, to be issued from time to time in connection with purchases under the Spok Holdings, Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2016 ESPP"). Shares were first offered for purchase under the 2016 ESPP during the third quarter of 2016. Under the 2016 ESPP, eligible participants can voluntarily elect to have contributions withheld from their pay for the duration of an offering period, subject to the 2016 ESPP limits. At the end of an offering period, contributions will be used to purchase the Company's common stock at a discount to the market price based on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Participants are required to hold common stock for a minimum period of   two   years from the grant date. Participants will begin earning dividends on shares after the purchase date. Each offering period will generally last for no longer than   six   months. Once an offering period begins, participants cannot adjust their withholding amount. If a participant chooses to withdraw, any previously withheld funds will be returned to the participant, with no stock purchased, and that participant will be eligible to participate in the 2016 ESPP at the next offering period. If the participant terminates employment with the Company during the offering period, all contributions will be returned to the employee and no stock will be purchased at a discounted rate. 
  We use the Black-Scholes model to calculate the fair value of the options to purchase common stock, under the 2016 ESPP, at the grant date due to the look back feature included in the 2016 ESPP.  The look back feature allows for the purchase of common stock at a discount based on the price at the time of grant or purchase date, whichever is lower. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of estimates for the expected term, the expected volatility of the underlying common stock over the expected term, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend payment. The fair value of the discount is the difference between the fair value of the underlying stock price at grant date and the discounted purchase price at grant date. The fair value of the look back feature is estimated to be a call option at the discounted rate combined with a put option on one minus the discounted rate where the discounted rate is equal to the discount being offered to participants under the 2016 ESPP. The fair value of the options to purchase common stock under the 2016 ESPP is the combination of the fair value of the discount and the fair value of the look back feature. 
  We base the risk-free rate for the expected term on the U.S. Treasury Rate as of the grant date. The expected term is equal to the required holding period of   two   years. The volatility for our common stock was estimated based on the standard deviation of monthly variances in stock price using a rolling   three   year history of the Company's stock price. Because the expected term includes a period for which a participant earns (the   two   year holding period less the offering period) and does not earn dividends (the offering period) our fair value is equal to the sum of the Black-Scholes model amount, run for the non-dividend yielding period, plus the Black Scholes model amount, run for the dividend yielding period (for which the total period is equal to the expected term). We use the discrete dividend yield method due to our consistent and routine history of paying dividends. The following assumptions were used for each respective period for employee stock-based compensation related to the 2016 ESPP: 

10 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   the initial offering period was still open and employees had not yet purchased any common stock. The following table summarizes the activities under the ESPP from January 1,   2016   through   September 30, 2016  : 

Amounts withheld from participants will be classified as a liability on the balance sheet until funds are used to purchase shares. This liability amount is immaterial to the overall financial statements. 
  Stock Based Compensation.   We record all stock-based awards, which consist of RSUs, restricted stock and the option to purchase common stock under the ESPP, at fair value as of the grant date. Stock based compensation expense is recognized based on a straight-line amortization basis over the respective service period. Forfeitures and withdrawals are accounted for on an as incurred basis. The following table reflects the items for stock based compensation expense on the condensed consolidated statements of income for the periods stated: 

The   increase   in stock based compensation expense during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , was due primarily to the January 2016 RSU grant under the 2015 LTIP. Each grant is amortized over the corresponding three year service period beginning in the year of issuance. 
  Cash Dividends to Stockholders.   The following table details our cash dividend payments made in   2016  . Cash dividends paid as disclosed in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   include previously declared cash dividends on shares of vested restricted stock issued to our non-executive directors and dividends related to vested RSUs issued to eligible employees. Cash dividends on RSUs and restricted stock have been accrued and are paid when the applicable vesting conditions are met. Accrued cash dividends on forfeited restricted stock and RSUs are also forfeited. 

(1) The total payment reflects the cash dividends paid in relation to common stock and vested restricted stock. 
  
   11 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Future Cash Dividends to Stockholders  . On   October 26, 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of   $0.125   per share of common stock with a record date of   November 18, 2016  , and a payment date of   December 9, 2016  . This cash dividend of approximately   $2.6 million   will be paid from available cash on hand. 
  Common Stock Repurchase Program.   In October 2015, the Board of Directors extended the common stock repurchase program through December 31, 2016. In extending the common stock repurchase plan the Board of Directors reset the purchase authority to   $10.0 million   with the repurchase authority to begin the earlier of January 4, 2016 or the completion of the existing common stock repurchase program. The following table presents information with respect to purchases made by the Company during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

(1) In October 2015, the Board of Directors extended the common stock repurchase program through December 31, 2016, and reset the repurchase authority to   $10.0 million   as of January 4, 2016. 
  Additional Paid-in Capital.   For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , additional paid-in capital   decreased   by   $4.1 million   to   $106.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $110.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to the repurchase of shares of common stock under the current stock repurchase program offset by the issuance of additional grants under the 2015 LTIP.  
  
   12 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Net Income per Common Share.   Basic net income per common share is computed on the basis of the weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per common share is computed on the basis of the weighted average common shares outstanding plus the effect of all potentially dilutive common shares including outstanding restricted stock and RSUs, which are treated as contingently issuable shares, using the  treasury stock  method. The Company has determined, based on the provisions of the 2015 LTIP, that unvested RSUs do not currently meet, nor have they met since issuance, the criteria to be considered dilutive. Therefore we have excluded them from the calculation of both diluted net income per common share as well as the diluted weighted average shares of common stock and common stock equivalents for the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016 and removed them from the comparative three and nine months ending September 30, 2015. This correction is immaterial to our financial statements and corresponding disclosures. The components of basic and diluted net income per common share were as follows for the periods stated: 

(13)   Income Taxes     Spok files a consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return and income tax returns in various state, local and foreign jurisdictions as required. 
  At September 30, 2016, we had total deferred income tax assets ("DTAs") of   $77.8 million   and   no   valuation allowance. This reflects a change from the December 31, 2015 balance of deferred income tax assets of   $129.8 million   and a valuation allowance of   $45.8 million   resulting in an estimated recoverable amount of   $84.0 million  . The change from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 reflects the expected usage of the deferred income tax assets to offset expected 2016 taxable income, changes in tax rates and a write off of our valuation allowance of   $45.8 million   against DTAs of the same amount as explained below. 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed a Tax Court Decision, unrelated to Spok, regarding the allocation of cancellation of debt income to tax attributes for a company that filed a Federal consolidated income tax return. This impacted the ultimate realization of certain of our net operating loss ("NOL") carryovers. Therefore, during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we wrote off our valuation allowance of   $45.8 million   against the impacted NOL DTAs. This had no impact on our income tax provision or net income. 
  We consider both positive and negative evidence when evaluating the recoverability of our DTAs. The assessment is required to determine whether based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (i.e., greater than a   50%   probability) whether all or some portion of the DTAs will be realized in the future. During the fourth quarter of each year, we prepare a multi-year forecast of taxable income for our operations which assists in analyzing the recoverability of our DTAs. 
  The anticipated effective income tax rate is expected to continue to differ from the Federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to the effect of state income taxes, the effect of changes to the DTA valuation allowance, permanent differences between book and taxable income and certain discrete items. 
  As of September 30, 2016, approximately   85%   of our DTAs of   $77.8 million   relate to NOL carry forwards available to offset future taxable income. We no longer have an annual Section 382 limitation on our remaining NOLs.  

(14)   Related Party Transactions     A member of our Board of Directors also serves as a Director for an entity that leases transmission tower sites to the Company. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we incurred site rent expenses of   $1.0 million  , and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we incurred site rent expenses of   $2.9 million and  
  
   13 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNAUDITED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

$3.0 million, respectively,   from the entity on which the individual serves as a Director. Site rent expenses are included in service, rental and maintenance expenses. 
   
  (15)   Commitments and Contingencies     There have been no material changes during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   to the commitments and contingencies previously reported in the   2015   Annual Report. 
  
   14 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements and information relating to Spok Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "we," Spok,  or the  Company ) that set forth anticipated results based on management s current plans, known trends and assumptions. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are predictive in nature, that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or that include words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   will,   target,   forecast  and similar expressions, as they relate to Spok are forward-looking statements. 
  Although these statements are based upon current plans, known trends and assumptions that management considers reasonable, they are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to those discussed below and under the captions  Business,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Statements of Income ( MD A ),  and  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on February 25, 2016 (the    2015   Annual Report ). Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, known trends change, or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results or outcomes may differ materially from past results and those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, targeted or forecasted. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
  The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Investors are advised to consult all further disclosures the Company makes in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K that it will file with the SEC. Also note that, in the risk factors disclosed in the Company s   2015   Annual Report, the Company provides a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to its business. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from past results as well as those results that may be anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, targeted or forecasted. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, investors should not consider the risk factor discussion to be a complete discussion of all of the potential risks or uncertainties that could affect Spok's business, statement of income or financial condition, subsequent to the filing of this Quarterly Report. 
  Overview 
  The following MD A is intended to help the reader understand the statements of income and financial position of Spok. This MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our   2015   Annual Report and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. A reference to a  Note  in this section refers to the accompanying Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Spok, acting through its indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiary, Spok, Inc., delivers smart, reliable solutions to help protect the health, well-being and safety of people primarily in the United States. Organizations rely on Spok for workflow improvement, secure texting, paging services, contact center optimization and public safety response. When critical communications matter, Spok delivers.  
  Business 
  See Note 1 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Quarterly Report") and "Item 1. Business" of Part I of the   2015   Annual Report, which describes our business in further detail. 
  Revenue 
  We offer a suite of unified critical communication solutions that include call center operations, clinical alerting and notifications, one-way and advanced two-way wireless messaging services, mobile communications and public safety response.   
  We develop, sell and support enterprise-wide systems for healthcare, government, large enterprise and other organizations needing to automate, centralize and standardize their approach to critical communications. Our solutions can be found in prominent hospitals; large government agencies; leading public safety institutions, colleges and universities; large hotels, resorts and casinos; and well-known manufacturers. Our primary market has been the healthcare industry, particularly hospitals. We have identified hospitals with 200 or more beds as the primary targets for our software and wireless solutions. 
  
   15 

Revenue generated by wireless messaging services (including voice mail, personalized greeting, message storage and retrieval) and equipment loss and/or maintenance protection to both one-way and two-way messaging subscribers is presented as wireless revenue in our statements of income. Revenue generated by the sale of our software solutions, which includes software license, professional services (installation, consulting and training), equipment (to be used in conjunction with the software) and post-contract support (on-going maintenance), is presented as software revenue in our statements of income. Our software is licensed to end users under an industry standard software license agreement. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , wireless revenue represented approximately   60%   and   64%  , respectively and software revenue represented approximately   40%   and   36%  , respectively of our consolidated revenue.  
  Wireless Revenue 
  Our core offering includes subscriptions to one-way or two-way messaging services for a periodic (monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, or annual) service fee. This is generally based upon the type of service provided, the geographic area covered, the number of devices provided to the customer and the period of commitment. A subscriber to one-way messaging services may select coverage on a local, regional or nationwide basis to best meet their messaging needs. Two-way messaging is generally offered on a nationwide basis. In addition, subscribers either contract for a messaging device from us for an additional fixed monthly fee or they own a device, having purchased it either from us or from another vendor. We also sell devices to resellers who lease or resell devices to their subscribers and then sell messaging services utilizing our networks. We offer ancillary services, such as voicemail and equipment loss or maintenance protection, which help increase the monthly recurring revenue we receive along with these traditional messaging services. 
  Software Revenue 
  Software revenue consists of two primary components: operations revenue and maintenance revenue. Operations revenue consists of license revenue, professional services revenue, and equipment sales. Maintenance revenue is for ongoing support of a software application or equipment (typically for one year). We recognize equipment revenue when it is shipped or delivered to the customer depending on the delivery method of Free on Board ("FOB") shipping or FOB destination, respectively. License, professional services and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the longer of the period of professional services delivery to the customer or the contractual term of the maintenance agreement. If the period of delivery to the customer is not known, license and professional services revenue will be recognized when software and professional services are fully delivered to the customer and the maintenance revenue will be recognized ratably over the remaining contractual term of the agreement. 
  The following tables present the wireless and software revenue by key market segments for the periods stated and illustrate the relative significance of these market segments to our operations. 

(1)    Other includes hospitality, resort, indirect and billable travel revenue. 

(1)    Other includes hospitality, resort, indirect and billable travel revenue 
  
   16 

Operations   Consolidated 
  Our operating expenses are presented in functional categories. Certain of our functional categories are especially important to overall expense control and management; these operating expenses are categorized as follows: 
     Cost of revenue  . These are expenses associated with the delivery of our revenue, which consist primarily of hardware, third-party software, outside service expenses and payroll and related expenses for our professional services, logistics, customer support and maintenance staff. 
     Service, rental and maintenance  . These are expenses associated with the operation of our paging networks and the development of our software. Expenses consist largely of site rent expenses for transmitter locations, telecommunication expenses to deliver messages over our paging networks, and payroll and related expenses for our engineering, pager repair functions and development of our software products. 
     Selling and marketing  . These are expenses associated with our direct sales force and indirect sales channel and the marketing expenses in support of those sales groups. This classification consists primarily of payroll and related expenses and commission expenses. 
     General and administrative  . These are expenses associated with information technology and administrative functions. This classification consists primarily of payroll and related expenses, outside service expenses, taxes, licenses and permit expenses, and facility rent expenses. 
  We review the percentages of operating expenses to revenue on a regular basis. Even though the operating expenses are classified as previously described, expense control and management are also performed by expense category. Approximately 65% of the operating expenses referred to above were incurred in payroll and related expenses, site and facility rent expenses and telecommunication expenses for both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Our largest expense, payroll and related expenses, includes wages, commissions, incentives, employee benefits and related taxes. On a monthly basis, we review the number of employees in major functional categories and the design and physical locations of functional groups to continuously improve efficiency, to simplify organizational structures, and to minimize the number of physical locations for the Company. We had   598   full-time equivalent employees ( FTEs ) at   September 30, 2016  ,   a decrease   of   1.2%   from   605   FTEs at   September 30, 2015  .  
  We operate local, regional, and nationwide one-way and two-way paging networks. These networks each require locations on which to place transmitters, receivers, and antennae. Site rent expenses for transmitter locations are highly dependent on the number of transmitters, which in turn is dependent on the number of networks. In addition, these expenses generally do not vary directly with the number of subscribers or units in service, which is detrimental to our operating margins as wireless revenue declines. In order to reduce these expenses, we have an active program to consolidate the number of paging networks, and thus transmitter locations, which we refer to as network rationalization. We have reduced the number of active transmitters by   2.6%   to   4,164   active transmitters at   September 30, 2016   from   4,277   active transmitters at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Telecommunication expenses are incurred to interconnect our paging networks and to provide telephone numbers for customer use, points of contact for customer service, and connectivity among our offices. These expenses are dependent on the number of units in service, the number of customers we support and the number of office and network locations that we maintain. The number or duration of telephone calls to call centers may vary from period to period based on factors other than the number of units in service or customers, which could cause telecommunication expenses to vary. 

17 

Statements of Income 
  Comparison of the Statements of Income for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016     and     2015    

Revenue   Wireless 
  Our wireless revenue was   $27.0 million   and   $29.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The   decrease   in wireless revenue reflects the decrease in demand for our wireless services. Paging revenue consists primarily of recurring fees associated with the provision of messaging services and fees for paging devices and is net of a provision for service credits. Product and other revenue reflects system sales, the sale of devices and charges for paging devices that are not returned and are net of anticipated credits. The table below details total wireless revenue for the periods stated: 

The demand for one-way and two-way messaging declined at each specified date and we believe demand will continue to decline for the foreseeable future. Demand for our services has also been impacted by the shift from narrow band wireless service offerings to broad band technology services. 
  As demand for one-way and two-way messaging has declined, we have developed or added service offerings such as Spok Mobile with a pager number in order to increase our revenue potential and mitigate the decline in our wireless revenue. We will continue to explore ways to innovate and provide customers the highest value possible. Software revenue is anticipated to increase, while the wireless revenue is expected to continue to decrease reflecting the changing technology expectations of our customer base. 
  Wireless revenue is generally based upon the number of units in service and the monthly charge per unit. The number of units in service changes based on subscribers added, referred to as gross placements, less subscriber cancellations, or disconnects. The net of gross placements and disconnects is commonly referred to as net gains or losses of units in service or the net disconnect rate. The absolute number of gross placements as well as the number of gross placements relative to average units in service in a period, referred to as the gross placement rate, is monitored on a monthly basis. Disconnects are also monitored on a monthly basis. The ratio of units disconnected in a period to average units in service for the same period, called the disconnect rate, is an indicator of our success at retaining subscribers, which is important in order to maintain recurring revenue and to control operating expenses. 
  
   18 

The following table sets forth information on our units in service by account size at specified dates: 

(1)   
    All figures presented include both direct and indirect units in service 
     The following table sets forth information on the net disconnect rate by account size for our customers for the periods stated: 

(1)   
    All figures presented include both direct and indirect units in service 
     The other factor that contributes to revenue, in addition to the number of units in service, is the monthly charge per unit. As previously discussed, the monthly charge per unit is dependent on the subscriber s service, extent of geographic coverage, whether the subscriber contracts or owns the messaging device, and the number of units the customer has in the account. The ratio of revenue for a period to the average units in service, for the same period, commonly referred to as average revenue per unit or ARPU, is a key revenue measurement as it indicates whether charges for similar services and distribution channels are increasing or decreasing. ARPU by distribution channel and messaging service are monitored regularly. 
  The following table sets forth information on ARPU by account size for the periods stated: 

(1)   
    All figures presented include both direct and indirect units in service 
     While ARPU for similar services and distribution channels is indicative of changes in monthly charges and the revenue rate applicable to new subscribers, this measurement on a consolidated basis is affected by several factors, including the mix of units in service and the pricing of the various components of our services. We expect future annual revenue to decline in line with recent trends. The decrease in consolidated ARPU for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   from the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   was due to the change in composition of our customer base as the percentage of units in service attributable to larger customers continues to increase. These larger customers benefit from lower pricing associated with their larger number of units-in-service. We believe that without further price adjustments, ARPU will trend lower for the remainder of   2016  . Price increases could mitigate, but not completely offset, the expected declines in both ARPU and revenue. 
  The following reflects the impact of subscribers and ARPU on the change in wireless revenue: 

19 

As previously discussed, demand for messaging services has declined over the past several years and we anticipate that it will continue to decline for the foreseeable future, which would result in reductions in wireless revenue due to the decreased number of subscribers and related units in service. 
  Revenue   Software 
  Our software revenue was   $18.3 million   and   $16.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which consisted of operations revenue (from subscriptions, licenses, professional services and equipment sales) and maintenance revenue. The table below details the components of software revenue for the periods stated: 

The   increase   in operations revenue primarily reflects   an increase   in the number and size of projects completed in the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Starting in late 2015, the Company began a reorganization of the sales staff and related sales territories, which realigned territories and replaced lower performing sales employees with new staff. The Company is unable to predict the impact of these changes on the amount and timing of its software operations revenue for the foreseeable future. While the year-over-year results for the quarter were positive, mainly due to a handful of large projects which were completed during the period, we believe the year to date results are a better indicator of the sales reorganization impact on operational revenues. The   increase   in maintenance revenue reflects our continuing success in renewals of our maintenance support for existing software solutions and in maintenance support for sales of new solutions. The maintenance renewal rates for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were in excess of 99%. 
  Our software revenue is dependent on the conversion of our software bookings into revenues. On a regular basis, we enter into contractual arrangements with our customers to provide software licenses, professional services, and equipment sales. In addition, we enter into contractual arrangements for maintenance with our customers on new solutions or renewals of existing solutions. These contractual arrangements are reported as bookings and represent future revenue. While overall bookings   increased   by   11.4%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , operations bookings   decreased   by   8.7%  . As noted above, starting in late 2015, the Company undertook a reorganization of the sales staff and related sales territories. As part of that reorganization, the Company is replacing lower performing sales employees with new staff. The Company is unable to predict the impact of this reorganization on the level and timing of future software operations bookings. The Company is also migrating its sales focus from individual software solutions to its integrated solution portfolio. The change in sales focus has impacted bookings as the focus on the integrated solution portfolio requires a longer sales cycle to achieve completion. The maintenance bookings continue to reflect a strong renewal rate in excess of 99%. Maintenance bookings   increased   by   36.3%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  The following table summarizes total bookings for the periods stated: 

20 

We reported a software backlog of   $38.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which represented all orders received from customers not yet recognized as revenue. We continually review our backlog and adjust the balance to reflect expected amount and timing of customer implementations. 

(1)   
    Other reflects cancellations and other adjustments to backlog. 
     Operating Expenses   Consolidated 
  The following is a review of our operating expense categories for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Cost of revenue.   Cost of revenue consisted primarily of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, cost of revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $7.6 million   and   decreased     $0.2 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances:  
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for maintenance, support and service personnel. The   increase   of   $0.2 million   in payroll and related expenses was due primarily to an increase in the average cost per employee   partially offset by     a decrease   of   4   FTEs.  
                
    Cost of sales      Cost of sales consisted primarily of third party software, use of third party resources for software implementation related work, inventory and maintenance of third party products. 
                
    Other         Other expenses consisted primarily of repairs and maintenance, shipping, outside services and travel costs.  The decrease in other expenses was related primarily to a decrease in repairs and maintenance of $0.1 million, shipping and various supplies of $0.1 million and the remaining $0.2 million attributable to a decrease in travel costs and outside services. 
     
   21 

Service, Rental and Maintenance.   Service, rental and maintenance expenses consisted primarily of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, service, rental and maintenance expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were    $11.9 million   and   increased     $0.8 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for field technicians, their managers, in-house repair personnel, product development, product strategy and quality assurance personnel. Payroll and related expenses   increased   by   $1.0 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   due to   an increase   of   26   FTEs   and   an increase in the average salary paid per employee. The change in headcount relates to an increase in the number of product development and strategy personnel. Our research and development is included within service, rental and maintenance expenses. The Company is investing in the development of products in the areas of: 1) mobility, 2) a unified software platform, 3) nursing solutions and 4) alerting. The Company plans to continue to increase its staffing to support its integrated solution portfolio. This increase in staffing will impact margins as the benefits from this development will not be immediately realized. Based on this emphasis we expect the number of FTEs to increase in this area impacting future payroll and related expenses.  
                
    Site rent     The   decrease   of   $0.1 million   in site rent expenses was primarily due to the rationalization of our networks, which has decreased the number of transmitters required to provide service to our customers. The reduction in transmitters has, in turn, reduced the number of lease locations. The number of active transmitters declined   2.6%   from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    Telecommunications     The   decrease   of   $0.2 million   in telecommunication expenses was due to the consolidation of our networks. We believe continued reductions in these expenses will occur as our networks continue to be consolidated as anticipated, through the remainder of   2016  , and as we reduce telephone circuit inventory. 
                
    Other     Other expenses consisted primarily of repairs and maintenance and outside services and includes management of these expenses to reflect the continued transition to support the growth in software revenue. 
     
   22 

Selling and Marketing  . Selling and marketing expenses consisted of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, selling and marketing expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were   $6.0 million   and   decreased     $0.6 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related         Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for sales and marketing personnel. The   decrease   of   $0.2 million   in payroll and related is primarily due to   a decrease   of   18   FTEs compared to the same period last year reflecting the reorganization of the sales staff, which includes the replacement of underperforming sales employees   partially offset by   higher average payroll and related expenses per FTE.  
                
    Commissions         Commissions expense relates to the payments made to the sales representatives responsible for executing contracts. Commissions are expensed as projects are implemented and are impacted by the level of software operations revenue. The   decrease   of   $0.5 million   in commissions is primarily due to lower operations bookings compared to the same period in the prior year as well as a change to our commissions structure.  
                
    Other     Other expenses consisted primarily of advertising, trade show, convention and related travel expenses and reflect our focus on identifying sales opportunities. 
     The sales and marketing staff are all involved in selling our communication solutions domestically and internationally. These expenses support our efforts to maintain gross placements of units in service, which mitigate the impact of disconnects on our wireless revenue base, and to identify business opportunities for additional or future software sales. We have a centralized marketing function, which is focused on supporting our products and vertical sales efforts by strengthening our brand, generating sales leads and facilitating the sales process. These marketing functions are accomplished through targeted email campaigns, website development, social media, webinars, regional and national user conferences, monthly newsletters and participation at industry trade shows.  
  
   23 

General and Administrative  . General and administrative expenses consisted of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, general and administrative expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were   $10.6 million   and   increased     $0.2 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred for employees in information technology, administrative operations, finance, human resources and executive management. Payroll and related expenses   decreased   by   $0.2 million   due to   a decrease   of   11   FTEs   partially offset by   a higher average salary per employee.  
                
    Stock based compensation         Stock based compensation increased primarily due to the issuance of the 2016 grants under the 2015 LTIP (see Note 12 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Part I of this Quarterly Report). 
                
    Outside services         Outside service expenses consisted primarily of costs associated with professional services related to financial reporting, taxes and internal control compliance. 
                
    Taxes, licenses and permits         Taxes, license and permit expenses consisted primarily of property, franchise, gross receipts and transactional taxes and are primarily impacted by our level of revenue and property and equipment base. 
                
    Other         Other expenses consisted primarily of bad debt, insurance, shipping costs, financial services, office rent and utilities. 
     Severance.   We incurred an immaterial amount of severance expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $0.1 million   for the same period in   2015  .  
  Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion.   Depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses were   $3.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   is primarily related to the timing of new pager purchases and fully depreciated purchases for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in 2015.  
  
   24 

Income Tax Expense 
  Income Tax Expense.   Income tax expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $2.1 million  ,   a decrease   of $  1.1 million   from the same period in   2015  . The change in the effective income tax rate to   34.3%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   43.3%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015    primarily reflects a decrease in income before income tax expense and a decrease in the effective foreign tax expense. 
  The following is the effective tax rate reconciliation for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Statements of Income 
  Comparison of the Statements of Income for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    

25 

Revenue   Wireless 
  Our wireless revenue was   $83.1 million   and   $90.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The   decrease   in wireless revenue reflects the decrease in demand for our wireless services. Paging revenue consists primarily of recurring fees associated with the provision of messaging services and fees for paging devices and is net of a provision for service credits. Product and other revenue reflects system sales, the sale of devices and charges for paging devices that are not returned and are net of anticipated credits. The table below details total wireless revenue for the periods stated: 

The following reflects the impact of subscribers and ARPU on the change in wireless revenue: 

As previously discussed, wireless revenue is generally based upon the number of units in service and the monthly charge per unit. Demand for messaging services has declined over the past several years and we anticipate that it will continue to decline for the foreseeable future, which would result in reductions in wireless revenue due to the decreased number of subscribers and related units in service. As illustrated in the table above, a significant portion of the change is related to a reduction in overall units in service with the remainder attributable to a lower monthly charge per unit for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period for   2015  . 
  Revenue   Software 
  Our software revenue was   $52.3 million   and   $52.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which consisted of operations revenue (from subscriptions, licenses, professional services and equipment sales) and maintenance revenue. The table below details total software revenue for the periods stated: 

The   decrease   in operations revenue primarily reflects   a decrease   in the number and size of projects completed during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Starting in late 2015, the Company began a reorganization of the sales staff and related sales territories, which realigned territories and replaced lower performing sales employees with new staff. The Company is unable to predict the impact of these changes on the amount and timing of its software operations revenue for the foreseeable future. The   increase   in maintenance revenue reflects our continuing success in renewals of our maintenance support for existing software solutions and in maintenance support for sales of new solutions. The maintenance renewal rates for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were in excess of 99%. 
  
   26 

Our software revenue is dependent on the conversion of our software bookings into revenues. On a regular basis, we enter into contractual arrangements with our customers to provide software licenses, professional services, and equipment sales. In addition, we enter into contractual arrangements for maintenance with our customers on new solutions or renewals on existing solutions. These contractual arrangements are reported as bookings and represent future revenue. Bookings decreased by   3.0%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  . As noted above, starting in late 2015, the Company undertook a reorganization of the sales staff and related sales territories. As part of that reorganization, the Company is replacing lower performing sales employees with new staff. The Company is unable to predict the impact of this reorganization on the level of its future software operations bookings. The Company is also migrating its sales focus from individual software solutions to its integrated solution portfolio. The change in sales focus has impacted bookings as the focus on the integrated solution portfolio requires a longer sales cycle to achieve completion. 
  Operating Expenses   Consolidated 
  Cost of revenue.   Cost of revenue consisted primarily of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, cost of revenue for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $23.2 million   and   decreased     $2.6 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for maintenance, support and service personnel. The   increase   of   $0.8 million   in payroll and related expenses was due primarily to an increase in the average cost per employee   partially offset by     a decrease   of   4   FTEs.  
                
    Cost of sales     The   decrease   of   $2.6 million   in cost of sales expenses was primarily due to a decrease in the sale of third party software for the period and less use of third party resources for software implementation related work. A one-time charge of $0.8 million was incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to adjustments made to our inventory balances. Cost of sales consisted primarily of third party software, use of third party resources for software implementation related work, inventory and maintenance of third party products. 
                
    Other     Other expenses consisted primarily of repairs and maintenance, shipping, outside services and travel costs.  The decrease in other expenses was related primarily to a decrease in repairs and maintenance of $0.1 million,  shipping and various supplies of $0.3 million, travel costs of $0.3 million, and outside services $0.2 million. 
     
   27 

Service, Rental and Maintenance.   Service, rental and maintenance expenses consisted primarily of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, service, rental and maintenance expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   $34.5 million   and   increased     $1.1 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for field technicians, their managers, in-house repair personnel, product development, product strategy and quality assurance personnel. Payroll and related expenses   increased   by   $2.0 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   due to   an increase   of   26   FTEs   and   an increase in the average salary paid per employee. The change in headcount relates to an increase in the number of product development and strategy personnel. Our research and development is included within service, rental and maintenance expenses. The Company is investing in the development of products in the areas of: (i) mobility, (ii) a unified software platform, (iii) nursing solutions and (iv) alerting. The Company plans to continue to increase its staffing to support its integrated solution portfolio. This increase in staffing will impact margins as the benefits from this development will not be immediately realized. Based on this emphasis we expect the number of FTEs to increase in this area impacting future payroll and related expenses.  
                
    Site rent     The decrease of   $0.4 million   in site rent expenses was primarily due to the rationalization of our networks, which has decreased the number of transmitters required to provide service to our customers. The reduction in transmitters has, in turn, reduced the number of lease locations. The number of active transmitters declined   2.6%   from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    Telecommunications     The decrease of   $0.5 million   in telecommunication expenses was due to the consolidation of our networks. We believe continued reductions in these expenses will occur as our networks continue to be consolidated as anticipated through the remainder of   2016   and as we reduce telephone circuit inventory. 
                
    Other     Other expenses consisted primarily of repairs and maintenance and outside services and includes management of these expenses to reflect the continued transition to support the growth in software revenue. 
     
   28 

Selling and Marketing  . Selling and marketing expenses consisted of the following items: 

As indicated in the table above, selling and marketing expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   $18.9 million   and decreased by   $1.5 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related          Payroll and related expenses were incurred largely for sales and marketing personnel. The   decrease   of   $0.6 million   in payroll and related is primarily due to   a decrease   of   18   FTEs compared to the same period last year reflecting the reorganization of the sales staff, which includes the replacement of underperforming sales employees   partially offset by   higher average payroll and related expenses per FTE.  
                
    Commissions          Commissions expense relates to the payments made to the sales representatives responsible for executing contracts. Commissions are expensed as projects are implemented and are impacted by the level of software operations revenue. The   decrease   of   $1.1 million   in commissions is primarily due to lower operations bookings compared to the same period in the prior year as well as a change to our commissions structure.  
                
    Other     Other expenses consisted primarily of advertising, trade show, convention and related travel expenses and reflect our focus on identifying sales opportunities. 
     The sales and marketing staff are all involved in selling our communication solutions domestically and internationally. These expenses support our efforts to maintain gross placements of units in service, which mitigate the impact of disconnects on our wireless revenue base, and to identify business opportunities for additional or future software sales. We have a centralized marketing function which is focused on supporting our products and vertical sales efforts by strengthening our brand, generating sales leads and facilitating the sales process. These marketing functions are accomplished through targeted email campaigns, website development, social media, webinars, regional and national user conferences, monthly newsletters and participation at industry trade shows.  
  
   29 

General and Administrative  . General and administrative expenses consisted of the following items: 

As illustrated in the table above, general and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   $31.5 million   and decreased by   $0.3 million   from the same period in   2015   primarily due to the following significant components and variances: 
             
    Payroll and related     Payroll and related expenses were incurred for employees in information technology, administrative operations, finance, human resources and executive management. Payroll and related expenses   decreased   by   $1.0 million   due to   a decrease   of   11   FTEs   partially offset by   higher average payroll and related expenses per employee.  
                
    Stock based compensation         Stock based compensation expense increased primarily due to the issuance of the 2016 grants under the 2015 LTIP (see Note 12 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Part I of this Quarterly Report). 
                
    Outside services         Outside service expenses consisted primarily of costs associated with professional services related to financial reporting, taxes and internal control compliance. 
                
    Taxes, licenses and permits         Taxes, license and permit expenses consisted primarily of property, franchise, gross receipts and transactional taxes and are primarily impacted by our level of revenue and property and equipment base. 
                
    Other         Other expenses consisted primarily of bad debt, insurance, shipping costs, financial services and office rent and utilities. The increase in other expenses relates primarily to an increase in recruiting and relocation fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as well as various bond and unclaimed property refunds received during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 that were not replicated in 2016. 
     Severance.   We incurred an immaterial amount of severance expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.6 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   reflects a one-time charge primarily due to the departure of an executive in June 2015.  
  Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion.   Depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses were   $9.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $10.6 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   is primarily related to the amortization of our acquired technology, non-compete arrangements which were included for the full   nine months ended September 30, 2015   but were completely amortized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and lower depreciation expense related to a lower balance of pagers for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   30 

Income Tax Expense 
  Income Tax Expense.   Income tax expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $7.1 million   and   $8.2 million  , respectively,   a decrease   of $  1.1 million   from the prior year period. The change in the effective income tax rate from   41.4%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   39.4%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily reflects a decrease in the foreign tax differential, which is caused by a difference between the U.S. and foreign tax rates, and a slight increase in deferred income tax rates. 
  The following is the effective tax rate reconciliation for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively:  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $122.5 million  . The available cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third-party financial institutions and consist of invested cash and cash in our operating accounts. The invested cash is invested in interest bearing funds managed by third-party financial institutions. These funds invest in direct obligations of the government of the United States. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurance that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse market conditions. 
  At any point in time, we have approximately $7.0 to $12.0 million in our operating accounts that are with third-party financial institutions. While we monitor daily the cash balances in our operating accounts and adjust the cash balances as appropriate, these cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or are subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to cash in our operating accounts. 
  We intend to use our cash on hand to provide working capital, to support operations to invest in our business, and to return value to stockholders through cash dividends and repurchases of our common stock. We may also consider using cash to fund or complete opportunistic investments and acquisitions that we believe will provide a measure of growth or revenue stability while supporting our existing operations. 
  Overview 
  In the event that net cash provided by operating activities and cash on hand are not sufficient to meet future cash requirements, we may be required to reduce planned capital expenses, reduce or eliminate our cash dividends to stockholders, reduce or eliminate our common stock repurchase program, and/or sell assets or seek outside financing. We can provide no assurance that reductions in planned capital expenses or proceeds from asset sales would be sufficient to cover shortfalls in available cash or that outside financing would be available on acceptable terms. As of   September 30, 2016  , our available cash on hand was   $122.5 million  . 
  Based on current and anticipated levels of operations, we anticipate net cash provided by operating activities, together with the available cash on hand at   September 30, 2016  , should be adequate to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future. 
  
   31 

The following table sets forth information on our net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the periods stated: 

Net Cash   Provided   by Operating Activities.   As discussed above, we are dependent on cash flows provided by operating activities to meet our cash requirements. Cash provided by operating activities varies depending on changes in various working capital items including deferred revenue, accounts payable, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and various accrued expenses.   Net cash provided by operating activities   reflects the reclassification of $3.8 million to net cash used in financing activities associated with employee stock based compensation tax withholding. Excluding this reclassification, net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $0.3 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease of $0.3 million is primarily related to a decrease in net income of $0.6 million and a $0.8 million decrease in depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses partially offset by other non-cash items, such as stock based compensation and deferred income taxes, by $0.4 million. With respect to changes in assets and liabilities the net cash provided by operating activities reflects a $6.7 million lower decrease in payables and other liabilities, $0.9 million lower increase in deferred revenue and a net $5.1 million lower increase to assets.  
  Net Cash   Used   In Investing Activities  . Net cash   used   in investing activities   increased   by   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due primarily to lower proceeds from the disposal of property and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Net Cash   Used   In Financing Activities  . Net cash   used   in financing activities   decreased   by   $10.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   driven by a $5.6 million decrease in common stock repurchases and a $1.0 million reduction in cash dividends paid during the period. Cash dividends were higher in the first quarter of 2015 primarily due to the payment of accumulated cash dividends earned on vested RSUs from the 2011 LTIP. The remaining offset was related to the early adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 and the reclassification of $3.8 million in employee stock based compensation for tax withholding purposes for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   (See Note 4 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report for further details regarding ASU No. 2016-09).  
  Future Cash Dividends to Stockholders  . On   October 26, 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of   $0.125   per share of common stock with a record date of   November 18, 2016  , and a payment date of   December 9, 2016  . This cash dividend of approximately   $2.6 million   will be paid from available cash on hand. 
  Common Stock Repurchase Program.   In October 2015, the Board of Directors extended the common stock repurchase program through December 31, 2016. In extending the common stock repurchase plan the Board of Directors reset the purchase authority to $10.0 million with the repurchase authority to begin the earlier of January 4, 2016 or the completion of the then existing 2015 common stock repurchase program. See Note 12  to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report for further details of our common stock repurchase program for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Other.   For   2016  , the Board of Directors currently intends to return a minimum of $21.0 million to stockholders in a combination of dividends, common stock repurchases and/or special dividends based on current business and market conditions. 
  Commitments and Contingencies 
  Operating Leases.   We have operating leases for office and transmitter locations. Substantially all of these leases have lease terms ranging from one month to five years. We continue to review our office and transmitter locations, and intend to replace, reduce or consolidate leases, where possible. Total rent expense under operating leases for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was approximately $  4.5 million   and $  4.6 million  , respectively; and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was approximately   $13.5 million   and   $14.0 million  , respectively. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.   We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships. 
  
   32 

Commitments and Contingencies.   See Note 15 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report for further discussion on our commitments and contingencies. 
  Related Party Transactions 
  See Note 14 to our Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report for a discussion regarding our related party transactions. 
  Application of Critical Accounting Policies 
  The preceding discussion and analysis of financial condition and statement of income is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. On an on-going basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions, including but not limited to those related to the impairment of long-lived assets and intangible assets subject to amortization and goodwill, accounts receivable, revenue recognition, asset retirement obligations, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  There have been no changes to the critical accounting policies reported in the   2015   Annual Report that affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We use a non-GAAP financial measure as a key element in determining performance for purposes of incentive compensation under our annual Short-Term Incentive Plan ("STIP") and LTIP. That non-GAAP financial measure is operating cash flow ( OCF ), defined as EBITDA less purchases of property and equipment. (The Company defines EBITDA as operating income plus depreciation, amortization and accretion, each determined in accordance with GAAP). Purchases of property and equipment are also determined in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of STIP and LTIP performance, OCF was as follows for the periods stated: 

33 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding debt and no revolving credit facility.  
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
  We conduct a limited amount of business outside the United States. The financial impact of transactions billed in foreign currencies is immaterial to our financial results and, consequently, we do not have any material exposure to the risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
   
  Item 4.     Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management carried out an evaluation, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of our last fiscal quarter. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act as controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes made in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

34 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
  Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 
  We are involved, from time to time, in lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. We believe these pending lawsuits will not have a material adverse impact on our financial results or statement of income. 
   
  Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
  The risk factors included in  Part I   Item 1A   Risk Factors  of the   2015   Annual Report have not materially changed during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and the Use of Proceeds 
  The following table presents information with respect to purchases made by the Company during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

(1) In October 2015, the Board of Directors extended the common stock repurchase program through December 31, 2016, and reset the repurchase authority to $10.0 million as of January 4, 2016. 

35 

Item 6.    Exhibits 

(1)    
         Filed herewith. 
               (2)    
         Furnished herewith. 
                      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document* 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema* 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation* 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition* 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels* 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation* 

* 
    The financial information contained in these XBRL documents is unaudited. The information in these exhibits shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any disclosure document relating to Spok Holdings, Inc., except to the extent, if any, expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

36 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SPOK HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ Shawn E. Endsley 

Name: 
      
    Shawn E. Endsley 

Title: 
      
    Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized officer) 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

(1)   
    Filed herewith. 
               (2)   
    Furnished herewith. 
                      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document* 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema* 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation* 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition* 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels* 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation* 

* 
    The financial information contained in these XBRL documents is unaudited. The information in these exhibits shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any disclosure document relating to Spok Holdings, Inc., except to the extent, if any, expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 spok-ex311_3q16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Vincent D. Kelly, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sp k Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Dated: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Vincent D. Kelly 
        
    Vincent D. Kelly 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 spok-ex312_3q16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Shawn E. Endsley, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sp k Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
                    Dated: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Shawn E. Endsley 
        
    Shawn E. Endsley 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 spok-ex321_3q16.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.       1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Sp k Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
           (i) 
    the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    Dated: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Vincent D. Kelly 
        
    Vincent D. Kelly 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 spok-ex322_3q16.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.       1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Sp k Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
           (i) 
    the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    Dated: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Shawn E. Endsley 
        
    Shawn E. Endsley 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 spok-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 spok-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 spok-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 spok-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 spok-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 spok-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

