<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1500861_0001262463-16-001085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1609698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44927</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>118085</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>354966</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>620893</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>430488</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-16-001085.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121151406
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-16-001085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dongxing International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				161783194
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54112
		FILM NUMBER:		162010170

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F, NO. 26, HENGSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT, HARBIN
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-1394-000887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F, NO. 26, HENGSHAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		NANGANG DISTRICT, HARBIN
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 1 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oz Saferooms Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110531

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 1, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100907

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-16-001085.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 dongxingq32016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

 Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 10 Q 

Commission File No. 0 54112 

DONGXING INTERNATIONAL INC.  

(Exact Name of Registrant in its Charter)  

Delaware  
      16-1783194   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.)   

3F, No. 26, Hengshan Road, Nangang District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province, P.R. China 150001   

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

Issuer s Telephone Number: 86-1394-000887  

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files.) Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes [ ] No [X] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check One) 

 Large accelerated filer [ ]  Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated
filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X]  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

 November 21, 2016 

 Common Voting Stock: 30,000,000 

DONGXING INTERNATIONAL,
INC.   

   QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

   FOR THE FISCAL
QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part
    I. Financial Information     
        Page
    No.     

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (unaudited):  
      3   

Consolidated
                                   Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

3   

Consolidated
                                   Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited)   for the Three and Nine Months Ended September
                                   30, 2016 and 2015  

4   

Consolidated
                                   Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Unaudited)   for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
                                   2016  

5   

Consolidated
                                   Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
                                   2015  

6   

Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      7      

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      13   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures about Market Risk  
      16   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      16   

Part II.
    Other Information    

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      17   

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      17   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity
    Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      17   

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      17   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      17   

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      17   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      17   

Signatures  
       18   

Dongxing
International, Inc.   

   Notes
To Consolidated Financial Statements   

   ( Unaudited )   

NOTE
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION  

  Dongxing
International Inc. (the  Company  or  Dongxing ) was incorporated in June 2010 in accordance with the
laws of the State of Delaware under the name Apex 1, Inc. On November 19, 2015 the Company's corporate name was changed to  Dongxing
International Inc.    

  On September 30, 2016, Dongxing
International Inc. (the  Company  or  Dongxing ) entered into and closed a share exchange agreement with
Central Dynamic Holdings Ltd. ( Central Dynamic ) and its shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of the exchange agreement,
the shareholders, who together own 100% of the ownership rights in Central Dynamic, agreed to transfer all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock to the Company in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate of 25,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.  

  As a result of the share exchange,
the Central Dynamic shareholders become the majority shareholders and have control of the Company. The acquisition of Central
Dynamic was accounted for as a reverse merger effected by a share exchange. Dongxing is considered the legal acquirer and Central
Dynamic and its subsidiaries is considered the accounting acquirer.  Accordingly, the historical financial statements presented
are those of Central Dynamic and its subsidiaries.  

  Central Dynamic Holdings Limited
is incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Dongxing Holdings Limited ( Dongxing HK ), a wholly
owned subsidiary of Central Dynamic, is incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong. Harbin Donghui Technology Co., Ltd. ( Harbin
Donghui ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dongxing Hong Kong, is incorporated under the laws of the People's Republic of China
( PRC ). Harbin Dongxing Energy Saving Technical Service Co., Ltd. ( Harbin Dongxing ), a limited liability
company incorporated under the laws of the PRC, is effectively and substantially controlled by Harbin Donghui through a series
of agreements known as variable interest agreements (the  VIE agreements ) dated March 30, 2016, pursuant to which
Harbin Dongxing became Harbin Donghui s contractually controlled affiliate and Harbin Donghui can realize 95% of the income
or loss from Harbin Dongxing. Central Dynamic and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Dongxing HK and Harbin Donghui, are holding companies
with no business operation.  

  Harbin Dongxing provides Energy
Diagnosis, Project Design, Project Auditing, Equipment Procurement Services, Construction Engineering, Personnel Training, and
Technology Consulting to customers. Harbin Dongxing Online Technology Co., Ltd ( Dongxing Online ), which is 100%
owned by Harbin Dongxing, engages in Software Development, Website Production, Systems Integration, Web Merchandise Sales, and
Import and Export of Goods. Harbin Dongrong Lighting Engineering Co., Ltd. ( Dongrong Lighting ), which is also 100%
owned by Harbin Dongxing, engages in lighting design and construction for urban roads and landscapes.  

  NOTE
2. GOING CONCERN  

  The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
The Company had a working capital deficit of $116,363, accumulated deficit of $659,214 and shareholders  deficiency of $96,013
as of September 30, 2016, and has not generated cash or income since the inception of its operations. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

  The Company
plans to rely on the proceeds from loans from both unrelated and related parties to provide the resources necessary to fund the
development of our business and operations. The Company also plans to raise funds from domestic and foreign banks and/or financial
institutions to increase working capital in order to meet capital demands. However, no assurance can be given that the Company
will be successful in raising additional capital.  

Dongxing
International, Inc.   

   Notes
To Consolidated Financial Statements   

   ( Unaudited )   

NOTE
3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

  Basis of Preparation
and Consolidation  

  The accompanying unaudited
interim consolidated financial statements ( interim statements ) of the Company have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with
the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments and disclosures necessary for a fair presentation of these interim statements have been included.
The results reported in these interim statements are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be reported for the entire
year or any other periods. These interim statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were included in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2016.  

  The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and its contractually controlled affiliates. All
significant inter-company account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

  Use of Estimates  

  The Company s consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. This requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. The significant
areas requiring the use of management estimates include, but are not limited to, the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable,
recognition and measurement of deferred income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. Although these estimates
are based on management s knowledge of current events and actions management may undertake in the future, actual results
may ultimately differ from those estimates and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements.  

  Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets  

  In accordance with the ASC
360-10,  Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , long-lived assets, such as property, plant and
equipment and purchased intangibles subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, or it is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technological or other industrial changes. The determination of recoverability of assets to be held and
used is made by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to management's estimate of future undiscounted cash flows to be generated
by the assets.  

   If such assets are considered
to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to
sell. During the reporting periods there was no impairment loss recognized on long-lived assets.  

  Fair value measurements
and financial instruments  

  ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value
Measurement and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires classification
based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions
based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of
three levels:  

Level one   Quoted
    market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level two   Inputs other than
    level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and   

Level three   Unobservable inputs
    developed using estimates and assumptions, which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that
    a market participant would use.   
 
   Determining which category
an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures
each quarter.  

Dongxing
International, Inc.   

   Notes
To Consolidated Financial Statements   

   ( Unaudited )   

NOTE
3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

  Accounts receivable,
net of allowance  

  Accounts receivable are stated
at cost, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses,
if any, resulting from the failure of customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic
basis and makes allowances where there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability
of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance, the customer s
payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.  

  Revenue Recognition  

  The Company recognizes revenue
in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition . Revenue from sales of products is recognized when persuasive evidence
of sales arrangements exist, title and risk of loss have been transferred to the customers, the sales amounts are fixed and determinable
and collection of the revenue is reasonably assured. Customers have no contractual right to return products.  

  Revenue from LED lights installation
projects is recognized per ASC 605-35  Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts . All projects were expected to be
completed in less than one year. Contract price is recorded as revenue once the project is completed. Deposits received from customers
before the project is completed are recorded as Advance from Customers. The costs of the projects, including materials used and
other labor costs incurred, are recorded as Project in Progress and recognized as Cost of Sales once the project is complete.  

  Revenue from LED lights installation
projects with profit sharing terms is recognized per ASC 840-30  Capital Leases . On the profit sharing installation projects,
the Company transfers ownership of the LED lights to customers at the end of the contract period with no charge. The Company accounts
for this type of transactions as a sales-type lease and records as revenue the present value of the total profit sharing receipts
from customers at the inception of the profit sharing period and records a Lease Payment Receivable. The difference between the
total amount of profit sharing receipts and the present value of the profit sharing receipts is recorded as Unearned Revenue to
be amortized over the term of profit sharing period.  

  Income Taxes  

  We use the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes .  Under this method,
income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax
consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements
or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the available positive
and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

  ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies
the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting
in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented.  

Dongxing
International, Inc.   

   Notes
To Consolidated Financial Statements   

   ( Unaudited )   

NOTE
3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

  Comprehensive Income  

  Comprehensive income is defined
to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by shareholders and distributions to shareholders. Among
other disclosures, all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive
income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements.
Comprehensive income includes net income and the foreign currency translation gain, net of tax.  

  Foreign currency  

  The Company and its subsidiaries
maintain their books and records in their functional currency, RMB. The consolidated financial statements of the Company are translated
from Renminbi ( RMB ) into United States dollars (U.S. Dollars or  US$  or  $ ). Accordingly,
assets and liabilities of the Company and its subsidiaries are translated from RMB to U.S. Dollars using the applicable exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Items on the statement of comprehensive income and cash flows are translated at average
exchange rates during the reporting period. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the
translation of the Company s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.  

  The exchange
rates used to translate amounts in RMB into U.S. Dollars for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements are
based on the rates as published on the website of People s Bank of China and are as follows:  

No
representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars at the above rates. The
value of RMB against U.S. dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in China s
political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company s financial condition
in terms of U.S. dollar reporting.  

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

  From time to time, new accounting
pronouncements are issues by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard bodies that may have an impact on the
Company s accounting and reporting. The Company believes that any recently issued accounting pronouncements and other authoritative
guidance for which the effective date is in the future either will not have an impact on its accounting or reporting or that such
impact will not be material to its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows when implemented.    

Dongxing
International, Inc.   

   Notes
To Consolidated Financial Statements   

   ( Unaudited )   

NOTE
4. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS  

  Other current assets consist
of the following:  

NOTE
5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

  Due to (from) related parties
are non-interest bearing obligations that are due on demand. The balance of due to (from) related parties consists of the following:  

(2)    Mr.
                                         Su Dianli owns 2.5% of Harbin Dongxing.    

(3)    Dongke
                                         is a company established in China and Mr. Zhao Cheng, is the president of Dongke.    

  NOTE
6. SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS  

  Short-term bank loans consists
of a loan payable to Bank of Inner Mongolia, Harbin Nanji branch which was due on April 20, 2016, bearing interest at 6.955% per
annum and collateralized by the certificate of cash deposit of Ding Xue, who is the wife of the Company s CEO, Mr. Cheng.
The loan was paid off in April 2016.  

   NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES   

  The Company is incorporated
in the United States of America and is subject to United States federal taxation. The Company's BVI subsidiary is not subject
to any taxes according to BVI tax law. The Company's Hong Kong subsidiary is subject to a 16.5% profit tax based on its taxable
net income. The Company's Chinese subsidiaries are governed by the Income Tax Law of the PRC concerning the privately run and
foreign invested enterprises, which are generally subject to tax at a statutory rate of 25% on income reported in the statutory
financial statements after appropriate tax adjustments. No provisions for income taxes have been made, as the Company had no taxable
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Dongxing
International, Inc.   
  Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
(Unaudited)   

NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES
(Continued)   

  A reconciliation of the provision
for income taxes determined at the local income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows:  

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has approximately $670,000 net operating loss carryforwards available in China to reduce future taxable income. The
net operating loss of Chinese subsidiaries could be carried forward for a period of not more than five years from the year of
the initial loss pursuant to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. It is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets cannot
be utilized in the future because there will not be significant future earnings from the entity which generated the net operating
loss. Therefore, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets.  

  As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company has no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax
rate in future periods, and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits
within the next twelve months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

  According to the PRC Tax Administration
and Collection Law, the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made
by the taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances, which
are not clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction, the statute of limitation is ten years. There is no statute
of limitation in the case of tax evasion.  

  NOTE
8. SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

  The Company has evaluated
the existence of significant events subsequent to the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued
and has determined that there were no subsequent events or transactions which would require recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements.  

ITEM
2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

   Accounting for Variable
Interest   

  Dongxing International is a holding
company whose only asset is an indirect 100% ownership interest in Harbin Donghui, a Wholly Foreign Owned Entity organized under
the laws of the People s Republic of China on January 13, 2016.  On March 30, 2016, Harbin Donghui entered into
three agreements with Harbin Dongxing and with the equity owners in Harbin Dongxing. Collectively, the VIE agreements provide
Harbin Donghui exclusive control over the business of Harbin Dongxing, and provide that 95% of the gain or loss realized by Harbin
Dongxing accrues to the account of Harbin Donghui.    

The accounting effect of the VIE
Agreements between Harbin Donghui and Harbin Dongxing is to cause the balance sheets and financial results of Harbin Dongxing
to be consolidated with those of Harbin Donghui, with respect to which Harbin Dongxing is now a variable interest entity.  Since
the parties to the VIE Agreements were both controlled by Cheng Zhao, who is CEO of both Harbin Donghui and Harbin Dongxing, the
financial statements included in this report reflect the consolidation of the results of operations and cash flows of Harbin Dongxing
since its inception.  

Results
of Operations      

   Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The business of Harbin Dongxing at
this time consists entirely of installation of lighting products, primarily in new construction projects. For the future, we expect
that online sales by Dongxing Online, a subsidiary of Harbin Dongxing, will produce the greater portion of our revenue. But those
sales will not commence until we launch operations of the Dongxing Online website. Our business at this time, therefore, is very
seasonal. The weather in Heilongjiang Province is very cold in the first five months of the year, with much snow and ice, making
installation of lighting fixtures nearly impossible. Generally, the construction projects in which we are involved are installed
during the period from June to December. Project acceptance and payment usually occurs in November and December. As a result,
the bulk or our revenues are realized in the second half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter.  

Because of the seasonality of our
installation business, our total sales revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were only $43 and $5,899.
Sales in the first nine months of 2015 were much greater, yet still modest: $29,828 and $32,434 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  

The sales in the first nine months
of the year, albeit modest, were very profitable. This occurs because the revenue is recorded on our energy management contracts
( EMC ). These are arrangements in which we install lighting products in exchange for a share of the ongoing profits
realized by our customers. EMC sales are recorded as sales-type leases, with the present value of the contracted lease payments
recorded on our balance sheet as lease payment receivables and the balance of the contracted lease payments recorded as unearned
revenue. Through the term of the EMC contract, as payments are made by the customer, the unearned revenue is amortized and recorded
as sales revenue. We currently have two EMC arrangements amortizing in this fashion, which yield the revenues recorded in the
first nine months of each year, when the weather prevents any new installations.  

Our operating expenses of $50,793
and $134,331 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were comprised, primarily, of salaries and office rent. Our
labor cost is high, relative to revenue, because the majority of our employees are engaged in developing and marketing our online
platform. Operating expenses were greater in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 than during the comparable periods
of 2015, as professional fees relating to preparation for the share exchange increased operating expenses.  

After taking into account our interest
expense (net of interest income) and miscellaneous other income, we recorded net loss of $50,919 and $129,188 for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net loss of $19,641 and $86,401 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015. We expect to continue to incur losses until our online marketing business is launched, as we are paying the expenses
of that business without any offsetting revenue.  

Our reporting
currency is the U.S. dollar. Our local currency, the Renminbi (RMB), is our functional currency. Results of operations and cash
flow are translated at average exchange rates during the period being reported upon, and assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate as quoted by the People s Bank of China on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments
resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the statements of stockholders  equity.
Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred.    For
the  three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , foreign currency translation
adjustments of $1,023 and $197, respectively, have been reported as other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of
changes in stockholders  equity.    

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

The development of our company has
been funded primarily by contributions to capital and loans from our equity-holders. As a result, at September 30, 2016 we had
no debt other than $182,862 owed to related parties. This included $111,447 owed to Harbin Dongke Optronics Science and Technology
Co., Ltd., representing lighting products sold to Harbin Dongrong in 2013 for a project that is not yet completed. The debt became
consolidated with our balance sheet when our Chairman, Cheng Zhao, contributed Harbin Dongrong to Harbin Dongxing. The debt will
be satisfied when the project is completed, Harbin Dongrong is paid, and in turn Harbin Dongrong pays Harbin Dongke. Cheng Zhao
was the General Manager of Harbin Dongke until the end of 2015.  

At September 30, 2016 we had a working
capital deficit of $(116,363). Our company is viable despite the working capital deficit because the amount we owe to related
parties far exceeds the deficit, and we will not be required to satisfy the related party debts until we have sufficient cash
flow.  

Our operations used $115,735
in cash during the first nine months of 2016 and $94,925 in cash during the first nine months of 2015. The aggregate of $210,660
in cash used in operations during that 18 month period was close to the aggregate net loss of $215,889 recorded in the same period.
This occurs primarily because:  

  a.     the
book value of our fixed assets is negligible, so we record little in depreciation expense; and  

  b.     we
carry very little inventory, but generally order products as needed.  

The $115,735 in cash used in
operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was funded primarily by loans from related parties totaling $77,157,
supplemented by a capital contribution of $15,204. From time to time we have taken short-term loans from a Chinese bank, but the
balance of that loan had been fully satisfied by a payment of 30,409 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The opinion of our independent registered
public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 expresses substantial doubt as to whether
our company is a going concern, due to our limited revenue and negative cash flow. We believe that our related parties will continue
to fund our operations for the foreseeable future, and so believe that we can sustain operations at our current level. However,
full implementation of our business plan will require significant capital infusions or third party loans. We have no commitment
for either equity or debt financing at this time.  

Restrictions on Transfers of
Funds    

The VIE
Agreements among Harbin Donghui and the Harbin Dongxing Shareholders provide that Harbin Donghui is entitled to 95% of the net
profits (and will bear all losses) arising from Harbin Dongxing s operations plus a monthly fee of RMB 10,000 ($1,499).  The
VIE Agreements also entitle Harbin Donghui to manage the operations and control the cash flows of Harbin Dongxing.  
Although Harbin Donghui is entitled to Harbin Dongxing s profits, any distributions of such profits from Harbin Donghui
to our U.S. parent company must comply with applicable Chinese laws affecting payments from Chinese companies to non-Chinese companies.  

The sales
revenue and expenses of Harbin Dongxing are denominated in RMB. The Chinese government strictly regulates conversion of RMB into
foreign currencies.  Currently, Harbin Dongxing and Harbin Donghui may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of
current account transactions, including payments of dividends, without the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
( SAFE ), by complying with certain procedural requirements. Pursuant to applicable Chinese laws and regulations,
foreign invested enterprises incorporated in China, such as Harbin Donghui, are required to apply for  Foreign Exchange
Registration Certificates.  Currently, conversion within the scope of the  current account  (e.g. remittance
of foreign currencies for payment of dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, etc.) can be effected
without requiring the approval of SAFE, but must be effected through authorized Chinese banks in accordance with regulatory procedures.
However, conversion of currency in the  capital account  (e.g. for capital items such as direct investments, loans,
securities, etc.) still requires the approval of SAFE. Compliance with those procedural requirements can result in delays in obtaining
foreign exchange, which could interfere with offshore activities by the Company, such as acquisitions, offshore investments, or
the payment of dividends to the Company s shareholders.  Because of the effort involved in obtaining foreign currencies
in exchange for RMB, the Company intends to pay most of the operating expenses of its U.S. parent from dollars loaned to the Company
by related parties.   

Under PRC
regulations, the Company s operating subsidiary, Harbin Dongxing, may pay dividends only out of its accumulated profits,
if any, determined in accordance with the accounting standards and regulations prevailing in the PRC. In addition, Harbin Dongxing
is required to set aside at least 10% of its accumulated profits each year, if any, to fund the statutory general reserve until
the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. The amount in excess of 10% of accumulated profits that may
be contributed to the statutory general reserve is at Harbin Dongxing s discretion. The statutory general reserve is not
distributable in the form of cash dividends to the Company and can be used to make up cumulative prior year losses, if any, and
may be converted into share capital by the issue of new shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings,
or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by them, provided that the reserve balance after such use is not less
than 25% of the registered capital.  As of September 30, 2016, no amount has been appropriated from retained earnings
and set aside for the statutory reserve by Harbin Dongxing. There remains approximately 5,000,000 RMB ($749,625) to be appropriated
from our future profits and set aside for the statutory reserve until we have satisfied the reserve requirement.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

There were no recent accounting pronouncements
that have or will have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations  

ITEM
3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Not applicable.  

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . As of September 30, 2016, Cheng Zhao, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures have the following material weaknesses:  

The relatively small number of employees who are responsible
for accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system.  

  Our internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying
and addressing complex accounting issued under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  

  Our Chief Financial Officer is not familiar with the
accounting and reporting requirements of a U.S. public company.  

  We have not developed sufficient documentation concerning
our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls.  

Based
on his evaluation, Mr. Cheng concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures was not effective
as of September 30, 2016 for the purposes described in this paragraph.  

Changes in
Internal Controls . There was no change in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act or 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation described in the preceding paragraph that
occurred during Dongxing International Inc. s third fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely
to materially affect Dongxing International Inc. s internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.      
       Legal Proceedings    

None.   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

There have been no material changes from the risk factors
    included in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2016.   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sale of Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(a) Unregistered sales of
        equity securities  

On September 30, 2016 the Company issued 25,000,000 shares
    of common stock to twenty investors in exchange for the capital stock of Central Dynamic Holdings Limited.  The
    shares were sold in a private offering to investors who were purchasing for their own accounts.  The offering, therefore,
    was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.  The
    offering was also made in compliance with the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S, as all of the purchasers
    are residents of the People s Republic of China.     

(c) Purchases of equity securities  

The Company did not repurchase any of its equity securities
    that were registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act during the third quarter of fiscal 2016.   

Item 3.       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities .   

None.   

Item 4.       
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not Applicable.   

Item 5.       
       Other Information.    

None.   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

31 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification   

32 Rule 13a-14(b) Certification   

101.INS XBRL Instance   

101.SCH XBRL Schema   

101.CAL XBRL Calculation   

101.DEF XBRL Definition   

101.LAB XBRL Label   

101.PRE XBRL Presentation   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

DONGXING
    INTERNATIONAL INC.   
 
      Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:
     /s/ Cheng Zhao    

Cheng
        Zhao, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31: Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 

I, Cheng Zhao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Dongxing International Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such
internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 21, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Cheng Zhao    

Cheng Zhao, Chief Executive Officer and
        Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32: Rule
13a-14(b) Certification  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Dongxing International Inc. (the  Company )
certifies that: 

1.       The
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

 2.       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 21, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Cheng Zhao    

Cheng Zhao, Chief Executive Officer and
        Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dong-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dong-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dong-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dong-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dong-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dong-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

