<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1512499_0001213900-16-017978_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5502821</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126171</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>267494</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1916744</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2110035</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>978074</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017978.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104123953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017978
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512499
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				274749725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35898
		FILM NUMBER:		161974383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 MORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-261-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 MORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitol Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017978.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_lindbladexped.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the period ended September 30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from            to              

Commission
file number:  001-35898    

LINDBLAD
EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC.   

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Delaware   
         
       27-4749725    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
          Identification
        No.)    

96
Morton Street, 9th Floor, New York, New York, 10014   

  (Address
of principal executive offices)  

(212)
261-9000   

  (Issuer s
telephone number)  

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do
    not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No    

As
of November 1, 2016 , 45,968,480  shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding.     

LINDBLAD
EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC.   

   Quarterly
Report On Form 10-Q   

   For
The Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   

Table
of Contents   

Page(s)    

PART
    I FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

ITEM
    1.    
       Financial
    Statements (Unaudited)   
      1   

Condensed
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      2   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
    (Unaudited)  
      3   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      4   

Notes
    to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      5   

ITEM
    2.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      21   
 
       ITEM
    3.    
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      35   
 
       ITEM
    4.    
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      35   

PART
    II OTHER INFORMATION     

ITEM
    1.    
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    1A.   
       Risk
    Factors   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    2.    
       Unregistered
    Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    3.    
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    4.    
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    5.    
       Other
    Information   
      36   
 
       ITEM
    6.    
       Exhibits   
      36   

SIGNATURES   
      37   

PART 1:   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1:   
       Financial Statements    

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

  (In
thousands, except share data)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income   

  (In
thousands, except share and per share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders  Equity   

  (In
thousands, except share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

  (In
thousands)  

  (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc.   

   Notes
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

   (Unaudited)   

NOTE
1   BUSINESS   

Organization    

Lindblad
Expeditions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries (the  Company  or  Lindblad )
currently operate a fleet of six owned expedition ships and four seasonal charter vessels under the Lindblad brand.  

Lindblad s
mission is to offer life-changing adventures on all seven continents and pioneering innovative ways to allow its guests to connect
with exotic and remote places. Lindblad s expedition ships are customized, nimble and intimately-scaled vessels that are
able to venture where larger cruise ships cannot, thus allowing Lindblad to offer up-close experiences in the planet s wild
and remote places and capitals of culture. Many of these expeditions involve travel to remote places with limited infrastructure
and ports (such as Antarctica and the Arctic) or places that are best accessed by a ship (such as the Gal pagos, Alaska,
Baja s Sea of Cortez, Costa Rica, and Panama), and foster active engagement by guests. Each expedition ship is designed
to be comfortable and inviting, while being fully equipped with state-of-the-art tools for in-depth exploration. The Company also
has an alliance with the National Geographic Society ( National Geographic ), which often provides lecturers and National
Geographic experts, including photographers, writers, marine biologists, naturalists, field researchers, and film crews.  

Natural
Habitat Acquisition    

On
May 4, 2016, the Company acquired an 80.1% ownership interest in Natural Habitat, Inc. ( Natural Habitat ), an adventure
travel and ecotourism company based in Colorado. Natural Habitat is managed by Benjamin L. Bressler, its founder and President
( Mr. Bressler ), who retains a 19.9% noncontrolling interest. With the acquisition of Natural Habitat, the Company
has expanded its land-based offerings. Natural Habitat offers eco-conscious expeditions from Antarctica to Zambia with a multitude
of adventures in between. Natural Habitat s itineraries include world-class polar bear tours in Churchill, Canada, Alaskan
grizzly bear adventures, small-group Gal pagos tours and African safaris. In addition to its land offerings, Natural Habitat
offers select itineraries on seven small chartered vessels for parts of the year. Since 2003, Natural Habitat has partnered with
the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) to offer conservation travel, sustainable travel that directly protects nature. This
agreement with WWF extends through 2023.  

The
Company recorded this transaction using the acquisition method for business combinations. The Company measured the identifiable
assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interest of Natural Habitat at their fair market value as of the acquisition date and separately
measured goodwill at its fair market value as of the acquisition date. The total purchase price consideration of approximately
$20.0 million consisted of $14.8 million cash, a $2.5 million unsecured promissory note, which is included in long-term debt,
and $2.7 million in Lindblad restricted common stock (264,208 shares). Assets acquired consisted of current assets, including
cash acquired, of $14.5 million, property and equipment of $2.1 million and goodwill and other intangibles of $28.3 million. Liabilities
assumed consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of $2.5 million, unearned passenger revenues of $15.0 million, and
deferred tax liabilities of $2.4 million. A redeemable noncontrolling interest in a consolidated subsidiary of $5.0 million was
assumed. Natural Habitat s results of operations for the period beginning May 5, 2016 and ending September 30, 2016 are
included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income.  

Merger
with Capitol    

Capitol
Acquisition Corp. II ( Capitol ) was originally incorporated in Delaware on August 9, 2010 as a blank check company
to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar
business combination, one or more businesses or entities.  

On
July 8, 2015, Capitol completed a series of mergers whereby Lindblad Expeditions, Inc. ( LEX ), a New York corporation,
became Capitol s wholly-owned subsidiary. As consideration for the mergers, the total purchase price consisted of an aggregate
of (i) $90.0 million in cash (a portion of which was paid as transaction bonuses) and (ii) 20,017,787 shares of Capitol common
stock. Capitol also assumed outstanding LEX stock options and converted such options into options to purchase an aggregate of
3,821,696 shares of Capitol common stock with an exercise price of $1.76 per share.  

As
a result of the mergers, LEX became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Capitol. Immediately following the mergers, Capitol, which
had no operations, changed its name to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. and therefore Lindblad has presented LEX s information
as that of the Company.  

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) regarding unaudited interim financial information. In the opinion
of management, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and
Stockholders  Equity and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the interim periods presented. Operating results
for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year
due to seasonality and other factors. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
Accordingly, these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained in
the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016.  

Principles
of Consolidation    

The
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 included Lindblad Expeditions
Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Natural Habitat s balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and results of
operations for the period beginning May 5, 2016 and ending September 30, 2016 are included in the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

Reclassifications    

Certain
items in the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 classification.
The reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or retained earnings.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and also affect the amounts of revenues and expenses reported
for each period. Actual results could differ from those which result from using such estimates. Management utilizes various estimates,
including but not limited to determining the estimated lives of long-lived assets, determining the fair value of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in business combinations, the fair value of the Company s common stock and related warrants, the
valuation of securities underlying stock-based compensation, income tax expense, the valuation of deferred tax assets, the value
of contingent consideration, and to assess its litigation, other legal claims and contingencies. The results of any changes in
accounting estimates are reflected in the condensed consolidated financial statements in the period in which the changes become
evident. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period that they
are determined to be necessary.  

Revenue
Recognition    

Tour
revenues consist of guest ticket revenues recognized from the sale of guest tickets and other tour revenues from the sale of pre-
and post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, land-based expeditions, air transportation to and from the ships, goods
and services rendered onboard that are not included in guest ticket prices, trip insurance, and cancellation fees. Revenues from
the sale of guest tickets and other tour revenues are recognized gross, as the Company has the primary obligation in the arrangement,
has discretion in supplier selection and is involved in the determination of the service specifications.  

The
Company s tour guests remit deposits in advance of tour embarkation. Guest tour deposits consist of guest ticket revenues
as well as revenues from the sale of pre- and post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, land-based expeditions, air transportation
to and from the ships, and trip insurance. Guest tour deposits represent unearned revenues and are initially included in unearned
passenger revenues in the condensed consolidated balance sheet when received. Guest deposits are subsequently recognized as tour
revenues on the date of embarkation. Tour expeditions average ten days in duration. For tours of owned vessels in excess of ten
days, where the tour days span a quarter, the Company recognizes revenue based upon expedition days earned. Guest cancellation
fees are recognized as tour revenues at the time of the cancellation. Revenues from the sale of additional goods and services
rendered onboard are recognized upon purchase.  

Earnings
per Common Share    

Earnings
per common share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and, if dilutive, potential
common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of the dilutive incremental common shares issuable
upon the exercise of stock options (if such option is an equity instrument, using the treasury stock method). For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined, using the treasury method, there were 764,814 and 690,272 dilutive
common shares, respectively, related to stock options. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company determined,
using the treasury method, there were 1,451,922 and 730,028 dilutive common shares, respectively, related to stock options.  

As
of September 30, 2016, there were 202,091 unvested restricted shares and restricted share units granted to non-employee directors
and employees at a weighted-average value of $9.90 per share. The Company determined these shares were anti-dilutive and were
not considered in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding.  

As
of September 30, 2016, 12,040,937 warrants to purchase common stock at a price of $11.50 per share were outstanding. The Company
determined these warrants were anti-dilutive and were not considered in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding.  

On
July 8, 2015, as a result of the mergers, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805-40-45 and related to the reverse merger treatment and recapitalization, all historical
weighted average common shares were adjusted by the exchange ratios established by the merger agreement.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company calculated earnings per share in accordance with FASB
ASC 260 and 805-40-45 as follows:  

As
of September 30, 2016, there were 45,968,480 shares outstanding. The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001. The Company s Board of Directors and
stockholders approved a 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ), which includes the authority to issue up
to 2,500,000 shares of Lindblad s common stock under the 2015 Plan. As of September 30, 2016, options to purchase an aggregate
of 2,130,848 shares of the Company s common stock with a weighted average exercise price of $2.57 per share were outstanding
(including options assumed in the mergers) and 2,066,188 common shares were available for award under the 2015 Plan. In 2016,
the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the  2016 CEO Share Allocation
Plan ), which includes the authority to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of Lindblad s common stock that are contributed
to the Company by its CEO under the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less, as well as deposits in financial
institutions, to be cash and cash equivalents.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk    

The
Company maintains cash in several financial institutions in the U.S. and other countries which, at times, may exceed the federally
insured limits. Accounts held in the U.S. are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to certain limits. The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s cash
held in financial institutions outside of the U.S. amounted to $6.8 million and $3.9 million, respectively.  

Restricted
Cash and Marketable Securities    

Included
in  Restricted cash and marketable securities  on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets are restricted
cash and marketable securities, consisting of six-month certificates of deposit and short-term investments. Restricted cash and
marketable securities consist of the following:  

The
amounts held in restricted cash and marketable securities represent principally funds required to be held in certificates of deposit
by certain vendors and regulatory agencies and are classified as restricted assets since such amounts cannot be used by the Company
until the restrictions are removed by those vendors and regulatory agencies. Interest income is recognized when earned.  

The
Company has classified marketable securities, principally money market funds, as trading securities which are recorded at market
value. Unrealized gains and losses are included in current operations. Gains and losses on the disposition of securities are recognized
by the specific identification method in the period in which they occur.  

In
order to operate guest tour expedition vessels from U.S. ports, the Company is required to post a performance bond with the Federal
Maritime Commission or escrow all unearned guest deposits plus an additional 10% in restricted accounts. To satisfy this requirement,
the Company entered into an agreement with a financial institution to escrow all unearned guest revenues collected for sailings
from U.S. ports.  

A
$5.0 million cash reserve as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is required for credit card deposits by third-party credit
card processors. The above arrangements are included in restricted cash and marketable securities on the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets.  

Amounts
in the escrow accounts include cash, certificates of deposit and marketable securities. Cost of these short-term investments approximates
fair value.  

Inventories
and Marine Operating Supplies    

Inventories
consist primarily of gift shop merchandise and other items for resale and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method.  

Marine
operating supplies consist primarily of fuel, provisions, spare parts, items required for maintenance, and supplies used in the
operation of marine expeditions. Marine operating supplies are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined
using the first-in first-out method.  

Property
and Equipment, Net    

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization were computed using
the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:  

Years        
 
      Vessels
    and vessel improvements       
           15-25        
 
      Furniture,
    vehicles and equipment       
           5        
 
      Computer
    hardware and software       
           5        
 
      Leasehold
    improvements, including expedition sites and port facilities       
           Shorter
                                         of lease term or related asset life        

The
ship-based tour and expedition industry is very capital intensive and as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
owned and operated six vessels and has two new coastal vessels under construction and one purchased vessel under renovation. Therefore,
the Company has a capital program that it develops for the improvement of its vessels, expedition sites and for asset replacements
in order to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of its operations; comply with, or exceed all relevant legal and statutory
requirements related to health, environment, safety, security and sustainability; and gain strategic benefits or provide newer
improved product innovations to its guests.  

Vessel
and site improvement costs that add value to the Company s vessels and expedition sites, such as those discussed above,
are capitalized to the vessels and site improvements and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements or the vessel s
estimated remaining useful life, while costs of repairs and maintenance, including minor improvement costs and drydock expenses,
are charged to expense as incurred and included in other vessels operating expenses. Drydock costs primarily represent planned
major maintenance activities that are incurred when a vessel is taken out of service for scheduled maintenance. For U.S. flagged
ships, the statutory requirement is an annual docking and U.S. Coast Guard inspections, normally conducted in drydock. Internationally
flagged ships have scheduled dockings approximately every 12 months, for a period of up to three to six weeks.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had $50.6 million in capital expenditures, which includes capitalized
interest, added to property and equipment, net which included $26.9 million for the purchase and renovation of its 
National Geographic Endeavour II , formerly the  Via Australis ,   and   $20.1 million for the two newbuild
coastal vessels. The Company began to capitalize interest in January 2016 for its two newbuild coastal vessels and its
renovation improvements to the  National Geographic Endeavour II  under accounting guidance in ASC 835-20, which
requires companies to capitalize interest cost incurred during the construction of assets. The capitalized interest has been
and will continue to be added to the historical cost of the assets and depreciate over the useful lives. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $0.9 million in capitalized interest in property and equipment, net on the
accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet.  

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets    

Goodwill
and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded
in connection with the acquisition of Natural Habitat (see Note 1   Business). SFAS No. 142,   Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets   ( SFAS 142 ), requires the Company to assess goodwill for impairment annually or more
frequently if a triggering event occurs. For goodwill, the Company s policy is to assess for impairment during each fiscal
year s third quarter. The Company s assessment for impairment utilized a discounted cash flow analysis and comparative
market multiples to determine the fair value of its business for comparison to its corresponding book value. The Company tested
goodwill for the Natural Habitat segment as of September 30, 2016 and determined there was no impairment.  

The
Company has recorded book goodwill for which there is no tax basis and is therefore not tax deductible.  

Other
intangible assets include tradenames and customer lists. Tradenames are words, symbols, or other devices used in trade or business
to indicate the source of products and to distinguish it from other products and are registered with government agencies and are
protected legally by continuous use in commerce. Customer lists are established relationships with existing customers that resulted
in repeat purchases and customer loyalty. Based on the Company s analysis, amortization of the tradenames and customer lists
was computed using the estimated useful lives of 15 and 5 years, respectively. Upon the occurrence of a triggering event, the
assessment of possible impairment of the Company s other intangible assets is based on the Company s ability to recover
the carrying value of its asset, which is determined by using the asset s estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If these
estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment charge is recognized for
the excess, if any, of the asset s carrying value over its estimated fair value. A significant amount of judgment is required
in estimating the future cash flows and fair values of its tradenames and customer lists.  

As
of September 30, 2016, goodwill and other intangible assets, net of amortization, consisted of $22.1 million in goodwill, $3.0
million in customer lists and $2.8 million in tradenames.  

Long-Lived
Assets    

The
Company reviews its long-lived assets, principally its vessels and operating rights, for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. Upon the occurrence of a triggering
event, the assessment of possible impairment is based on the Company s ability to recover the carrying value of its asset,
which is determined by using the asset s estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If these estimated undiscounted future
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess, if any, of the asset s
carrying value over its estimated fair value. A significant amount of judgment is required in estimating the future cash flows
and fair values of its vessels and operating rights.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was no triggering event and the Company did not record an impairment of its
long-lived assets. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company reviewed the remaining useful life of the  National Geographic
Endeavour , which is expected to be replaced by the  National Geographic Endeavour II  in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The evaluation of the  National Geographic Endeavour s  useful life as of December 31, 2015 indicated a shorter remaining
useful life of less than one year versus the previous estimated remaining useful life of seven years. As a result, in the first
quarter of 2016, the Company began accelerating the depreciation in order to fully depreciate the asset by the end of the fourth
quarter of 2016. The Company does not expect any residual value for the  National Geographic Endeavour  after the end of
the fourth quarter of 2016.  

Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosure    

The
Company applies ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  which expands disclosures for assets and liabilities
that are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount
that would be received upon the sale of an asset or payment to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
Fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. A three-tier fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the inputs in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level
    1  
      Quoted
    market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability
    to access at measurement date.   

Level
    2  
      Quoted
    market prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
    in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. Fair value is determined
    through the use of models or other valuation methodologies.   

Level
    3  
      Significant
    unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities that cannot be corroborated by market data. Fair value is determined by the
    reporting entity s own assumptions utilizing the best information available, and includes situations where there is
    little market activity for the investment.   

The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate fair value due to the short-term
nature of these instruments.  

The
carrying value of long-term debt approximates fair value given that the terms of the agreement were comparable to the market as
of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no other liabilities that were measured
at fair value on a recurring basis.  

The
asset s or liability s fair value measurement within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of any
input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

Level
3 financial liabilities consist of obligations for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination
of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate.  

Income
Taxes    

The
Company is subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant management
judgement is required in projecting ordinary income to determine the Company s estimated effective tax rate.  

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which it recognizes deferred income taxes for the
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets
and liabilities, as well as for tax loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. The Company measures deferred tax assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recoverable or settled. The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if, based upon
the weight of available evidence, the Company does not believe it is  more-likely-than-not  that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company will continue to evaluate the deferred tax asset valuation allowance balances
in all of our foreign and U.S. companies to determine the appropriate level of valuation allowances.  

The
Company is subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company regularly
assesses the potential outcome of current and future examinations in each of the taxing jurisdictions when determining the adequacy
of the provision for income taxes. The Company has only recorded financial statement benefits for tax positions which it believes
reflect the  more-likely-than-not  criteria of FASB s authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes, and it has established income tax reserves in accordance with this guidance where necessary. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $0.7 million and $0.7 million, respectively,
which was included in other long-term liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The guidance also
discusses the classification of related interest and penalties on income taxes. The Company s policy is to record interest
and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.  

The
Company is subject to tax audits in all jurisdictions for which it files tax returns. Tax audits by their very nature are often
complex and can require several years to complete. Currently, there are no U.S. federal, state or foreign jurisdiction tax audits
pending. The Company s corporate U.S. federal and state tax returns from 2013 to 2015 remain subject to examination by tax
authorities and the Company s foreign tax returns from 2011 to 2014 remain subject to examination by tax authorities.  

Stock-Based
Compensation    

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees, non-employee directors or other service providers in accordance with
accounting guidance that requires that awards are recorded at their fair value on the date of grant and are amortized over the
service period of the award. The Company recognizes compensation costs on a straight line basis over the requisite service period
of the award, which is generally the vesting term of the equity instrument issued. To the extent that an equity award later becomes
eligible to be put back to the Company, then the fair value of that award or those exercised shares are transferred out of additional
paid-in-capital to a liability account and is thereafter marked-to-market annually to fair value.  

Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interest    

The
Company, in connection with the acquistion of Natural Habitat, recognized a noncontrolling interest and measured it at fair value
on the acquisition date according to ASC 805-20-30-1. The Company recognized the noncontrolling interest as a redeemable noncontrolling
interest to the extent that the risks and rewards of ownership substantially remain with the noncontrolling interest.  

Mr.
Bressler s  noncontrolling interest  in the remaining 19.9% interest in Natural Habitat not owned by the Company
is subject to a put/call arrangement. The arrangement between the Company and Mr. Bressler was established in order to provide
a formal exit opportunity for Mr. Bressler and a path to 100% ownership for the Company. Mr. Bressler has a put option under certain
conditions, subject to providing notice by October 31, 2020, that enables him, but does not obligate him, to sell his remaining
interest in Natural Habitat on December 31, 2020. The Company has a call option, but not an obligation, with an expiration of
December 31, 2025, for which it can buy Mr. Bressler s remaining interest at a similar fair value measure as Mr. Bressler s
put option.  

These
rights to purchase or sell the noncontrolling interest may be at a fixed or variable price, or at fair value, and may be exercisable
on a fixed date or any time at some point in the future. The existence of these rights impacts (1) whether separate assets or
liabilities should be recognized for these rights, (2) the classification of any minority ownership as a liability, equity or
redeemable noncontrolling interest, and (3) the amount of earnings recognized in the financial statements.  

As
the purchase prices indicated similar fair value measures, the put/call arrangement had been struck at fair value and each party
is in agreement that the valuation is indicative of fair value, the asset and liability position would be netted and it is expected
that the resulting value would be immaterial given the structure of the arrangement. As Mr. Bressler is responsible for the management
of Natural Habitat, the risks and rewards of ownership substantially remain with the noncontrolling interest. The existence of
the put/call arrangement does not indicate a separate obligation or liability for either party. Based on the existence of redemptive
rights by Mr. Bressler, and the existence of risks and rewards of ownership, the noncontrolling interest was recorded separately
as a redeemable noncontrolling interest. The put right is not redeemable unless notice is provided as per the requirements of
the agreement.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In October 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of
Assets Other Than Inventory . The amendment was issued to improve the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity
transfers of assets other than inventory. Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity
asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. FASB decided that an entity should recognize the income tax
consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Consequently, the amendments
in this Update eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. Public business entities
should apply the guidance to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that
reporting period. Earlier application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this ASU will
have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016,
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
(Topic 230). ASU No. 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement
of cash flows. For public business entities, this ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all
of the amendments are adopted in the same period. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The
Company adopted this ASU in the third quarter of 2016 and its adoption did not have a material impact to the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In
May 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients  (Topic 606). ASU No. 2016-12 addresses matters raised by the FASB-International Accounting Standards Board Joint
Transition Resource Group for Revenue Recognition regarding an entity s implementation of and transition to Topic 606. The
amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead, the FASB provides clarification regarding specific
issues, as follows: (1) satisfying the collectability and other criteria for identifying a contract, (2) presentation of sales
taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers, (3) noncash consideration, and (4) transitional guidance regarding modified
contracts, completed contracts and accounting change disclosures. Public business entities should apply the guidance similar to
Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting
period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim
reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this ASU will
have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing  (Topic 606). The amendments clarify two aspects of ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, 
by providing (1) guidance for identifying performance obligations and (2) licensing implementation guidance. Public business entities
should apply the guidance similar to Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that
adoption of this ASU will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting  (Topic 718). The amendments in this ASU are to significantly reduce the complexity and cost of accounting
for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to employee share-based payment transactions, which include restricted stock
and stock options. Also, ASU No. 2016-09 requires an entity to run excess tax benefits and deficiencies through its income statement,
which in effect eliminates the concept of additional paid-in capital. For public business entities, the amendments in this ASU
are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within those annual periods. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this ASU will have on its condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Gross versus Net)  (Topic 606). The amendments clarify implementation guidance of ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers,  by improving the operability and understandability of principal versus agent considerations.
Public business entities should apply the guidance similar to Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company
will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this ASU will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date 
(Topic 606). The amendments in this ASU defer the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, 
for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should
apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting
periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that
adoption of this ASU will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In May 2014, FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements (Topic 605),  Revenue Recognition,  and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU is based on the principle
that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments in
the ASU must be applied using one of two retrospective methods and are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this ASU will
have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards upon adoption would have a material
effect on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE
3   LONG-TERM DEBT   

Note
Payable    

On
May 4, 2016, in connection with the Natural Habitat acquisition, Natural Habitat issued an unsecured promissory note to Mr. Bressler
with an outstanding principal amount of $2.5 million. The promissory note accrues interest at a rate of 1.44% and matures on December
31, 2020.  

Credit
Facility    

On
May 8, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Credit Suisse A. G. ( Credit Suisse ) as Administrative
Agent and Collateral Agent ( Credit Agreement ) for a $150.0 million facility in the form of a $130.0 million U.S.
term loan (the  U.S. Term Loan ) and a $20.0 million Cayman term loan for the benefit of the Company s foreign
subsidiaries (the  Cayman Loan,  and together with the U.S. Term Loan, the  Loans ). The Loans incurred
interest at a rate based on an adjusted ICE Benchmark administration LIBO Rate (subject to a floor of 1.00%) plus a spread of
5.50%.  

On
July 8, 2015, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with Credit Suisse as Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent increasing by $25.0 million the U.S. Term Loan to a $155.0 million facility (total facility of $175.0 million
excluded $11.0 million in deferred financing costs) ( Amended Credit Agreement ). The Loans bear interest at a rate
based on an adjusted ICE Benchmark administration LIBO Rate (subject to a floor of 1.00%) plus a spread of 4.50%. As of September
30, 2016, the interest rate was 5.50%. The Credit Agreement (i) requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants as
set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement; (ii) limits the amount of indebtedness the Company may incur; (iii) limits the amount
the Company may spend in connection with certain types of investments; (iv) requires the delivery of certain periodic financial
statements and an operating budget and (v) requires the mortgaged vessels and related inventory to be maintained in good working
condition. The U.S. Term Loan and the Cayman Loan both mature on May 8, 2021.  

On
March 7, 2016, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with Credit Suisse as Administrative Agent
and Collateral Agent ( Restated Credit Agreement ), amending its existing senior secured credit facility with Credit
Suisse ( Restated Credit Facility ). The Restated Credit Facility provides for the Company s existing $175.0
million senior secured first lien term loan facility and a new $45.0 million senior secured incremental revolving credit facility,
which includes a $5.0 million letter of credit subfacility ( Revolving Credit Facility ). The Company s obligations
under the Restated Credit Facility are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company. The Revolving Credit Facility matures
on May 8, 2020.  

Borrowings
under the Loans will continue to bear interest at an adjusted ICE Benchmark administration LIBO Rate (subject to a floor of 1.00%)
plus a spread of 4.50%. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at an adjusted ICE Benchmark administration
LIBO Rate plus a spread of 4.00%, or, at the option of the Company, an alternative base rate plus a spread of 3.00%. The Company
is also required to pay a 0.50% annual commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility.  

The
Restated Credit Agreement contains the same financial and operational covenants as the Amended Credit Agreement. As of September
30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants.  

Borrowings
under the Revolving Credit Facility will be used for general corporate and working capital purposes and related fees and expenses.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility.  

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, total debt discount and deferred financing costs charged to interest expense was $0.5 million and
$0.5 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, total debt discount and deferred financing
costs charged to amortization and interest expense was $1.7 million and $2.7 million, respectively. 

Long-Term
Debt Outstanding    

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the following long-term debt was outstanding:  

NOTE
4   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Lease
Commitments    

The
Company leases office space and equipment under long-term leases, which are classified as operating leases.  

Rent
expense was $0.3 million and $0.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.2 million
and $0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These amounts are recorded within general
and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income.  

Fleet
Expansion    

On
December 2, 2015, the Company entered into two separate Vessel Construction Agreements, (collectively, the  Agreements )
with Ice Floe, LLC, a Washington limited liability company doing business as Nichols Brothers Boat Builders (the  Builder ).
The Agreements provide for the Builder to construct two new 236-foot 100-passenger cruise vessels at a purchase price of $48.0
million and $46.8 million, respectively, payable monthly based on the value of the work performed through the end of the preceding
month. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has spent a total of $30.2 million for the construction of these two coastal vessels.  

The
Builder is required to deliver the vessels in the second quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018, respectively, subject
to extension for certain events, such as change orders. The Company may terminate the applicable Agreements in the event the Builder
fails to deliver the vessel within 180 days of the applicable due date or the Builder becomes insolvent or otherwise bankrupt.
The Agreements also contain customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities.  

On
December 29, 2015, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a Memorandum of Agreement to purchase a ship known as the  Via Australis ,
which was renamed  National Geographic Endeavour II . The Company has paid $26.9 million, as of September 30, 2016, for the
purchase and renovations of the vessel and reported the vessel in property and equipment, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheet. The Company expects to complete the renovations and deploy the ship during the fourth quarter of 2016. The Memorandum
of Agreement contained customary representations, warranties, covenants and conditions.  

Royalty
Agreement   National Geographic    

The
Company is engaged in an alliance and license agreement with National Geographic, which allows the Company to use the National
Geographic name and logo. In return for these rights, the Company is charged a royalty fee. The royalty fee is included within
selling and marketing expense on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. The amount is calculated based
upon a percentage of certain ticket revenues less travel agent commission, including the revenues received from cancellation fees
and any revenues received from the sale of voyage extensions. A voyage extension occurs when a guest extends their trip with pre-
or post-voyage hotel nights and is included within tour revenues on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income.
The royalty expense is recognized at the time of revenue recognition. See Note 2 for a description of the Company s revenue
recognition policy. Royalty expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1.2 million and $3.6 million,
respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 totaled $1.3 million and $3.7 million, respectively.  

The
balances outstanding to National Geographic as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are $1.4 million and $1.3 million,
respectively, and are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

Royalty
Agreement   World Wildlife Fund    

Natural
Habitat has a license agreement with World Wildlife Fund, which allows it to use the WWF name and logo. In return for these rights,
Natural Habitat is charged a royalty fee and a fee based on annual gross sales. The fees are included within selling and marketing
expense on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. The annual royalty payment and gross sales fees are paid
on a quarterly basis. For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, these fees were $0.2 million and $0.3 million,
respectively.  

Charter
Commitments    

From
time to time, the Company enters into agreements to charter vessels onto which it holds its tours and expeditions. Future minimum
payments on its charter agreements are as follows:  

Legal
Proceedings    

The
Company is involved in various claims, legal actions and regulatory proceedings arising from time to time in the ordinary course
of business. The Company has protection and indemnity insurance that would be expected to cover any damages.  

NOTE
5   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN   

The
Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan and trust for its employees. The Company matches 25% of employee contributions up to
an annual maximum of $1,800 for 2016 and 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s benefit
plan contribution amounted to $47.6 thousand and $35.7 thousand, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company s benefit plan contribution amounted to $0.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively. The benefit plan
contribution is recorded within general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income.  

NOTE
6   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Capital
Stock    

The
Company has a total of 201,000,000 authorized shares of capital stock, consisting of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001
par value and 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value.  

Stock
and Warrant Repurchase Plan    

In November 2015, the
Company s Board of Directors approved a $20.0 million stock and warrant repurchase plan ( Repurchase Plan )
and in November 2016, the Board of Directors approved an increase of $15.0 million for a total of $35.0 million. This Repurchase
Plan authorizes the Company to purchase from time to time the Company s outstanding common stock and warrants through open
market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and/or in privately negotiated
transactions based on market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. Any shares and warrants
purchased will be retired. The Repurchase Plan has no time deadline and will continue until otherwise modified or terminated at
the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors at any time. In January 2016, the Company repurchased 1,967,445
warrants for $5.4 million and thus far has repurchased a total of 4,059,063 warrants for $10.9 million pursuant to the Repurchase
Plan. 

2016
CEO Share Allocation Plan    

On
April 8, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the  2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan,  and at the 2016
Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 2, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan,
pursuant to which the Company will grant awards covering up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock in the form
of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and/or other stock- or cash-based awards to eligible employees and other service
providers of the Company. The 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan was adopted in connection with a contribution agreement (the  Contribution
Agreement ) that the Company entered into with Sven-Olof Lindblad ( Mr. Lindblad ), Chief Executive Officer
and President of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Lindblad will transfer up to 1,000,000 shares from his holdings of the Company s
common stock (i.e., an equivalent number of shares as is reserved for issuance under the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan) (the
 Contribution Shares ) to the Company as a contribution to the capital of the Company. Mr. Lindblad will not receive
any consideration in exchange for the Contribution Shares. However, as a condition to the contribution of any Contribution Shares,
the Company must grant awards under the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan, such that the number of Contribution Shares that Mr. Lindblad
actually contributes to the Company will equal the number of shares corresponding to awards granted under the plan. The contribution
of the Contribution Shares by Mr. Lindblad to the Company will effectively reduce the number of shares of the Company s
common stock that are outstanding by the same number of shares that would be issued under the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan (or
a lesser number in the event awards are settled in cash). Such contributions will be effective as of the date the Company grants
corresponding awards under the 2016 CEO Share Allocation Plan. The administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the 2016 CEO
Share Allocation Plan at any time.  

Restricted
Shares and Restricted Share Units    

Restricted
shares are shares of stock granted to an employee, non-employee director or other service providers for which sale is prohibited
for a specified period of time. Restricted share units ( RSUs ) represent a promise to deliver shares to the employee,
non-employee director or other service providers at a future date if certain vesting conditions are met. The difference between
RSUs and restricted shares is primarily the timing of the delivery of the underlying shares. A company that grants RSUs does not
deliver the shares to the employee, non-employee director or other service providers until the vesting conditions are met.  

Under
the 2015 Plan, four non-employee directors were granted 26,640 restricted shares and one non-employee director was granted 6,660
RSUs on January 4, 2016. There were 6,660 restricted shares or RSUs granted to each non-employee director, which vest in three
installments on August 8, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and are not subject to any performance-based conditions.  

Under
the 2015 Plan, one non-employee director was granted 1,864 restricted shares on May 11, 2016. These restricted shares vest in
three installments on August 8, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and are not subject to any performance-based conditions.  

Under
the 2015 Plan, an employee was granted 90,000 restricted shares on May 26, 2016. These restricted shares vest in four installments
on May 26, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and are not subject to any performance-based conditions.  

Under
the 2015 Plan, five non-employee directors were granted 40,540 restricted shares and one non-employee director was granted 8,108
RSUs on August 8, 2016. There were 8,108 restricted shares or RSUs granted to each non-employee director, which vest in three
installments on August 8, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and are not subject to any performance-based conditions.  

Under
the 2015 Plan, an employee was granted 40,000 restricted shares on September 6, 2016. These restricted shares vest in four installments
on September 6, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and are not subject to any performance-based conditions.  

The
amortization of the restricted shares and RSUs was $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the unamortized value of restricted shares and RSUs was $1.9 million and is
expected to be expensed over a period of 4.0 years.  

The
following table is a summary of restricted stock and RSU activity under the Company s 2015 Plan:  

Stock
Options    

The
fair value of stock options is amortized on a straight line basis over the requisite service periods of the respective awards.
Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was $3.8 million and $3.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Stock compensation expense is included in general and administrative expenses
on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. As of September 30, 2016, the unamortized value of options was
$6.9 million and is expected to be expensed over a weighted average period of 1.3 years.  

During
January 2016, 638,223 option shares vested and were exercised. The option shares were issued using cashless transactions, approved
by management, and were issued in exchange for the required exercise proceeds and payment of any related payroll withholding taxes.
Using a weighted average fair value of $10.68 per share and an exercise price of $1.76 per share, 105,206 shares were withheld
by the Company to provide the $1.1 million in exercise proceeds required for the transactions. In addition, 252,670 shares were
withheld by the Company to provide the $2.7 million in proceeds required to pay the payroll withholding taxes for the transactions.
The net balance of the option shares of 280,347 shares were issued as a result of the transactions.  

The
following table is a summary of stock options activity under the Company s legacy 2012 Incentive Stock Plan assumed in connection
with the mergers and its 2015 Plan:  

NOTE
7   SEGMENT INFORMATION   

During
the second quarter of 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Natural Habitat. As a result of the acquisition, the Company
updated its reporting information and its operating segments to add Natural Habitat as a separate operating and reporting segment.  

As
of September 30, 2016, total assets for the Lindblad segment and Natural Habitat segment were $356.4 million and $45.5 million,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the $28.0 million in goodwill and other intangibles on the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheet were all related to the Natural Habitat segment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, tradename
and customer list amortization of $0.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively, was related to the Natural Habitat segment.  

The Company evaluates
the performance of its business segments based largely on tour revenues, operating income (loss), and Adjusted EBITDA results of
the segments without allocating other income and expenses, net, income taxes, and interest expense, net. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the following operating results were: 

Item
    2:   
       MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     

The
following discussion and analysis addresses material changes in the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
for the periods presented. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with its unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ), as well as its
audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2016.   

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

Any
statements in this Form 10-Q about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, prospects, financial condition, assumptions or
future events or performance are not historical facts and are  forward-looking statements  as that term is defined
under the federal securities laws. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as
 believe,   anticipate,   should,   intend,   plan,   will, 
 expects,   estimates,   projects,   positioned,   strategy,   outlook 
and similar words. You should read the statements that contain these types of words carefully. Such forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what
is expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. There may be events in the future that we are not able to predict
accurately or over which we have no control. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  

changes
    adversely affecting the business in which we are engaged;   

management
    of our growth and our ability to execute on our planned growth;   

general
    economic conditions;   

our
    business strategy and plans;   

compliance
    with laws and regulations;   

compliance
    with the financial and/or operating covenants in our Restated Credit Agreement;   

adverse
    publicity regarding the cruise industry in general;   

loss
    of business due to competition;   

the
    result of future financing efforts;   

the
    inability to meet revenue and projections; and   

those
    risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

We
urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We do
not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties
after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

Unless
the context otherwise requires, in this Form 10-Q,  Company,   we,   us,   our, 
and  ours  refer to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.  

Business
Overview   

We
provide expedition cruising and adventure travel experiences that include itineraries that feature up-close encounters with wildlife
and nature, history and culture and promote guest empowerment and interactivity. Our mission is offering life-changing adventures
on all seven continents and pioneering innovative ways to allow our guests to connect with exotic and remote places.  

We
currently operate a fleet of six owned expedition ships and four seasonal charter vessels under the Lindblad brand. In addition,
we have an 80.1% ownership interest in Natural Habitat, Inc. ( Natural Habitat ), an adventure travel and ecotourism
company based in Colorado.  

Under
the Lindblad brand, we have two new 236-foot, 100-passenger cruise vessels being constructed with delivery expected in the second
quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018, respectively, as well as a newly acquired vessel which will replace one of our
six owned expedition ships in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our expedition ships are customized, nimble and intimately-scaled vessels
that are able to venture where larger cruise ships cannot, thus allowing us to offer truly authentic, up-close experiences in
the planet s wild and remote places and capitals of culture. Many of these expeditions involve travel to remote places with
limited infrastructure and ports (such as Antarctica and the Arctic) or places that are best accessed by a ship (such as the Gal pagos,
Alaska, Baja s Sea of Cortez, Costa Rica and Panama), and foster active engagement by guests. Each expedition ship is designed
to be comfortable and inviting, while being fully equipped with state-of-the-art tools for in-depth exploration.  

With
the acquisition of Natural Habitat, we have expanded our land-based offerings. Natural Habitat offers eco-conscious expeditions
from Antarctica to Zambia with a multitude of adventures in between. Natural Habitat s itineraries include world-class polar
bear tours in Churchill, Canada, Alaskan grizzly bear adventures, small-group Gal pagos tours and African safaris. In addition
to its land offerings, Natural Habitat offers select itineraries on seven small chartered vessels for parts of the year. Since
2003, Natural Habitat has partnered with the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) to offer conservation travel, sustainable
travel that directly protects nature. This agreement with WWF extends into 2023.  

We
have a strategic business alliance with the National Geographic Society ( National Geographic ) founded on a shared
interest in exploration, research, technology, and conservation. This relationship includes a co-selling, co-marketing and branding
arrangement whereby our owned vessels carry the National Geographic name and National Geographic sells our expeditions through
its internal travel division. We collaborate with National Geographic on voyage planning to enhance the guest experience by having
National Geographic experts, including photographers, writers, marine biologists, naturalists, field researchers, and film crews,
join our expeditions. Guests have the ability to interface with these experts through lectures, excursions, dining, and other
experiences throughout their voyage.  

Our
offerings appeal to a wide range of travelers, both individuals and families, but affluent individuals in the U.S. aged 50 years
or older represent our largest segment. By providing such offerings, which we work continuously to innovate and further elevate,
we have been able to achieve and maintain premium pricing in the market instead of pursuing the type of discounting in which most
large cruise lines that are focused on the broader market engage. Our product offering, value proposition and differentiated pricing
approach support our high net yields and occupancy rates.  

The
key components of our business strategy are to deliver exceptional guest experiences, maximize occupancy levels, continually optimize
pricing methodologies, effectively manage itinerary offerings to meet guest demand, maximize and grow net yields, elevate brand
awareness and loyalty, and expand and operate the business in a safe, prudent and disciplined manner.  

We
deploy chartered vessels for various seasonal offerings and continually seek to optimize our charter fleet to balance our inventory
with demand and maximized yields. We use our charter inventory as a mechanism to both increase travel options of our existing
and prospective guests and also to test demand for certain areas and seasons to understand the potential for longer term deployments
and additional vessel needs. In December 2016, we are expanding our travel offerings with new expeditions in Cuba aboard the  Panorama
II , which will be the fifth chartered vessel in our Lindblad fleet.  

We
continually evaluate a range of strategies for expansion of guest capacity. We consider closely the expected return on invested
capital and the range of possibilities, such as a newbuild program, adding selected charters and the acquisition of existing ships
or small operators. In December 2015, we signed a definitive agreement for the purchase of the  Via Australis ,   which
was renamed  National Geographic Endeavour II,  to be used in our operations in the Gal pagos Islands. We paid a deposit
of $1.8 million on January 4, 2016 and paid the balance of $16.2 million on April 25, 2016 when we took possession of the ship.
We have paid $8.9 million in renovation costs since taking possession of the ship. Following this renovation, we expect to deploy
the ship during the fourth quarter of 2016. The  National Geographic Endeavour II  will replace the  National Geographic
Endeavour .  

In
December 2015, we executed definitive agreements for the construction of two new coastal vessels at a purchase price of $48.0
million and $46.8 million, respectively. The first vessel, which has been named the  National Geographic Quest , is expected
to be delivered in the second quarter of 2017 and will sail in Alaska and British Columbia during the summer of 2017. The second
newbuild vessel is expected to be delivered in the second quarter of 2018. These 236-foot vessels are expected to have capacity
of approximately 100 guests each and management considers this investment to be an important step to meet increasing demand for
our offerings. The newbuild process will expose us to certain risks typically associated with new ship construction, which we
are prepared to manage through detailed planning and close monitoring by our internal marine team.  

We
maintain our fleet in accordance with applicable regulations, international conventions and insurance requirements. This includes
regularly scheduled maintenance, periodic inspections, drydocking, and overhaul. In addition, renovations and replacements of
various vessel elements are part of the ongoing process of maintaining the vessels to a high standard. On a year-to-year basis,
increases in maintenance expense for the current owned fleet are anticipated to grow in line with inflation.  

Due
to the specific geographies in which we operate and the cost of providing access to fuel in our remote destinations, we have historically
not experienced significant fluctuations in fuel costs with changes in world fuel commodity prices. However, the continued downward
pressure on fuel prices has become evident in all areas of the world in which we operate. Fuel costs represented 2.9% and 3.1%
of our Lindblad segment tour revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 3.6% and 4.2%
of tour revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. We have not hedged our fuel purchases historically,
but we continue to evaluate a hedging strategy to manage cash flows related to fuel prices.  

Similar
to others in the industry, we have historically operated with a meaningful working capital deficit. This historical deficit is
mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of guest ticket receipts are collected in advance
of the applicable sailing or departure date. These advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date
and the cash generated from them is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other cash from operations. As a result of the
proceeds from the Restated Credit Facility (see Note 3   Long-Term Debt) and the merger in July 2015, we had net working
capital surpluses of $79.6 million and $130.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized as follows:  

a
    review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including the descriptions of certain line items
    and key operational and financial metrics;   

a
    results and comparable discussion of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
    2015; and   

a
    discussion of liquidity and capital resources.   

Financial
Presentation   

Description
of Certain Line Items    

Tour
revenues    

Tour
revenues consist of the following:  

Guest
    ticket revenues recognized from the sale of guest tickets; and   

Other
    tour revenues from the sale of pre- or post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, and land-based expeditions; air transportation
    to and from the ships, goods and services rendered onboard that are not included in guest ticket prices, trip insurance, and
    cancellation fees.   

Cost
of tours    

Cost
of tours includes the following:  

Direct
    costs associated with revenues, including cost of pre- or post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, and land-based
    expeditions, air and other transportation expenses, and cost of goods and services rendered onboard;   

Payroll
    costs and related expenses for shipboard and expedition personnel;   

Food
    costs for guests and crew, including complimentary food and beverage amenities for guests;   

Fuel
    costs and related costs of delivery, storage and safe disposal of waste; and   

Other
    tour expenses, such as land costs, port costs, repairs and maintenance, equipment expense, drydock, ship insurance, and charter
    hire costs.   

Selling
and marketing    

Selling
and marketing expenses include commissions and a broad range of advertising and promotional expenses.  

General
and administrative    

General
and administrative expenses include the cost of shoreside vessel support, reservations and other administrative functions, including
salaries and related benefits, credit card commissions, professional fees and rent.  

Operational
and Financial Metrics    

We
use a variety of operational and financial metrics, including non-GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted EBITDA, Net Yields,
and Net Cruise Costs, to enable us to analyze our performance and financial condition. We utilize these financial measures to
manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of performance. Some of these measures
are commonly used in the cruise and tourism industry to evaluate performance. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded
insight to assess revenue and cost performance, in addition to the standard GAAP-based financial measures. There are no specific
rules or regulations for determining non-GAAP measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to measures used by other companies
within the industry.  

The
presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the
financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. You should read this discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto
also included within.   

Adjusted
EBITDA   is net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, net interest expense, other income (expense), income
tax benefit (expense), and other supplemental adjustments. Other supplemental adjustments include certain non-operating items
such as stock-based compensation, the National Geographic fee amortization, merger-related expenses, and acquisition-related expenses.
We believe Adjusted EBITDA, when considered along with other performance measures, is a useful measure as it reflects certain
operating drivers of the business, such as sales growth, operating costs, selling and administrative expense, and other operating
income and expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA can provide a more complete understanding of the underlying operating results and
trends and an enhanced overall understanding of our financial performance and prospects for the future. While Adjusted EBITDA
is not a recognized measure under GAAP, management uses this financial measure to evaluate and forecast business performance.
Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income
as it does not take into account certain requirements, such as unearned passenger revenues, capital expenditures and related depreciation,
principal and interest payments, and tax payments. Our use of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other companies within
the industry. Management compensates for these limitations by using Adjusted EBITDA as only one of several measures for evaluating
our business performance. In addition, capital expenditures, which impact depreciation and amortization, interest expense and
income tax benefit (expense), are reviewed separately by management.  

The
following metrics apply to our Lindblad segment:    

Adjusted
Net Cruise Cost   represents Net Cruise Cost adjusted for Non-GAAP other supplemental adjustments which include certain
non-operating items such as stock-based compensation, the National Geographic fee amortization, merger-related expenses, and acquisition-related
expenses.  

Available
Guest Nights   is a measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin (except single occupancy for a single
capacity cabin) multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. We also record the number of guest nights available on
our limited land programs in this definition.  

Gross
Cruise Cost   represents the sum of cost of tours plus merger-related expenses, selling and marketing expense, and general
and administrative expense.  

Gross
Yield   represents tour revenues divided by Available Guest Nights.  

Guest
Nights Sold   represents the number of guests carried for the period multiplied by the number of nights sailed within the
period.  

Maximum
Guests   is a measure of capacity and represents the maximum number of guests in a period and is based on double occupancy
per cabin (except single occupancy for a single capacity cabin).  

Net
Cruise Cost   represents Gross Cruise Cost excluding commissions and certain other direct costs of guest ticket revenues
and other tour revenues.  

Net
Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel   represents Net Cruise Cost excluding fuel costs.  

Net
Revenue   represents tour revenues less commissions and direct costs of other tour revenues.  

Net
Yield   represents Net Revenue divided by Available Guest Nights.  

Number
of Guests   represents the number of guests that travel with us in a period.  

Occupancy
  is calculated by dividing Guest Nights Sold by Available Guest Nights.  

Voyages
  represent the number of ship expeditions completed during the period.  

Foreign
Currency Translation   

The
U.S. dollar is the functional currency in our foreign operations and remeasurement adjustments and gains or losses resulting from
foreign currency transactions are recorded as foreign exchange gains or losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income.  

Seasonality   

Our
tour revenues from the sale of guest tickets are mildly seasonal with demand historically larger in the first and third quarters.
The seasonality of our operating results increases due to our vessels being taken out of service for scheduled maintenance or
drydocking, which is typically during non-peak demand periods, in the second and fourth quarters.  Our
drydock schedules are subject to cost and timing differences from year to year due to the availability of shipyards for certain
work, drydock locations based on ship itineraries, operating conditions experienced especially in the polar regions, and the applicable
regulations of class societies in the maritime industry, which require more extensive reviews periodically.  Drydocking
impacts operating results by reducing tour revenues and increasing cost of tours.  

Results
of Operations   Consolidated   

In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we generated tour revenues of $70.8 million compared to tour revenues of $58.6 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $12.2 million, or 21%, primarily due to the acquisition of Natural Habitat. Net
income was $7.4 million and $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily reflecting
merger-related expenses in 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, Adjusted EBITDA was $17.4 million compared to $15.8
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.6 million driven by a $0.9 million increase at our Lindblad
segment and $0.6 million from the acquisition of Natural Habitat. 

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated tour revenues of $186.2 million compared to tour revenues of $163.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which represents an increase of $22.7 million, or 14%, primarily due to our acquisition
of Natural Habitat. Net income was $13.4 million and $20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
primarily from higher accelerated depreciation expense for the  National Geographic Endeavour , and a decrease related to
the 2015 gain on transfer of assets and success fee income, offset by merger costs in 2015. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, Adjusted EBITDA was $40.2 million compared to $42.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily
reflecting lower contribution of $1.9 million from the Lindblad segment.  

We
reported consolidated tour revenues, cost of tours, operating expenses, operating income, and net income for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as shown in the following table:  

The
following table sets forth our consolidated operating data as a percentage of total revenues:  

The
following table outlines the reconciliation to Net income and calculation of consolidated and Adjusted EBITDA for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered
in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.   

Comparison
of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   Consolidated   

Tour
Revenues    

Tour revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 increased $12.2 million, or 21%, to $70.8 million compared to $58.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $14.6 million in added tour revenues from the acquisition of Natural
Habitat, partially offset by $2.4 million of lower revenues for the Lindblad segment mainly due to the planned reduction in available
guest nights for the owned fleet related to the timing of vessel redeployment, partially offset by price increases due to higher
rates and changes in itineraries. 

Tour revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $22.7 million, or 14%, to $186.2 million
compared to $163.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $20.3 million
in added tour revenues from the acquisition of Natural Habitat and an increase of $2.4 million at the Lindblad segment mainly
from price increases due to higher rates and changes in itineraries, partially offset by lower available guest nights. 

Cost
of Tours    

Total cost of tours
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $7.1 million, or 28%, to $32.5 million compared to $25.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $10.2 million in added cost of tours from the acquisition
of Natural Habitat, partially offset by a $3.2 million decrease in cost of tours for the Lindblad segment due to lower air and
fuel expenses and the reduction in costs related to the lower available guest nights. 

Total
cost of tours for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $15.8 million, or 22%, to $87.1 million compared to $71.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $14.5 million in added cost of tours
from the acquisition of Natural Habitat and $1.3 million in added cost of tours at the Lindblad segment due to increased drydock
expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in fuel expenses. The increased drydock expenses were associated with timing
differences, as well as changes in vessel deployment.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

General
and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $3.2 million, or 33%, to $12.9 million
compared to $9.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $2.5 million in
added general and administrative expenses from the acquisition of Natural Habitat and $0.8 million in added personnel and public
company costs at the Lindblad segment.  

General
and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $9.2 million, or 34%, to $36.7 million compared
to $27.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $4.0 million in added general
and administrative expenses from the acquisition of Natural Habitat and a $5.2 million increase at the Lindblad segment resulting
from $4.3 million in additional personnel and public company costs and $0.9 million in nonrecurring professional fees related
to the acquisition of Natural Habitat.  

Selling
and Marketing Expenses    

Selling
and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.7 million, or 7%, to $10.2 million compared
to $9.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $1.3 million in added selling
and marketing expenses from the acquisition of Natural Habitat, partially offset by a $0.6 million decline at the Lindblad segment
due to $0.3 million decrease in advertising, printing and postage expenses, as well as a $0.3 million decrease in commission expense
driven by lower segment tour revenues.  

Selling
and marketing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.4 million, or 9%, to $29.3 million compared to
$26.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily a result of $1.8 million in added selling
and marketing expenses from the acquisition of Natural Habitat and a $0.6 million increase at the Lindblad segment resulting from
a $1.5 million increase in National Geographic fee amortization and a $0.4 million increase in commission expense driven by higher
segment revenues, partially offset by a $1.3 million decrease in advertising, printing and postage expenses.  

Merger-Related
Expenses    

Merger-related
expenses consisted of one-time professional fees associated with the merger transaction that was completed in July 2015 and for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $5.5 million and $13.3 million, respectively.  

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses    

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $5.1 million and $2.7 million, respectively.
Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $14.5 million and $8.3 million,
respectively. The $2.4 million and $6.2 million respective increases were primarily related to the accelerated depreciation for
the  National Geographic Endeavour  described in Note 2  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  

Other
(Expense) Income    

Other
expenses were $2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.8 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. This $0.3 million decrease was primarily due to the following factors:  

Other expenses were
$8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to other income of $4.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This $12.7 million change was primarily due to the following factors: 

There was no other income in 2016 compared to income of $12.5 million in 2015 related to the $5.0 million success fee income for the new debt financing in May 2015 and the gain on the disposal of assets of $7.5 million related to the junior debt in the CFMF transaction;   

Interest expense, net, decreased $0.1 million to $7.9 million in 2016 from $8.0 million in 2015. The decrease was primarily related to $0.9 million in capitalized interest in 2016 with no capitalized interest for 2015   and a $1.1 million decrease primarily from the accelerated amortization of deferred finance costs related to the repayment of our senior debt in May 2015, partially offset by $1.9 million in higher interest expense primarily due to the higher debt levels from our Restated Credit Facility (See Note 3   Long-Term Debt); and   

In 2016, we recorded a $0.3 million loss in foreign currency translation compared to a nominal loss in foreign currency translation in 2015.   

Results
of Operations   Segments   

Selected
information for our segments is below.  The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation
or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.   

The
following tables outline the reconciliation for each segment from Operating income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Lindblad
segment   

Natural
Habitat Segment   

Results
of Operations   Lindblad Segment   

The
following tables set forth our Guest Metrics for the Lindblad segment. Please refer to our   Description of Certain Line Items
  above for the specific definition by line item and segment.  The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should
not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance
with GAAP.   

The
following table sets forth our Available Guest Nights, Guest Nights Sold, Occupancy, Maximum Guests, Number of Guests and Voyages
for the Lindblad segment in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
following table shows the calculations of Gross Yield and Net Yield for the Lindblad segment in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
following table shows the calculations of Gross Cruise Cost per Available Guest Night and Adjusted Net Cruise Costs per
Available Guest Night for the Lindblad segment in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Comparison
of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   Lindblad Segment   

Tour
Revenues    

Tour revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $2.4 million, or 4%, to $56.2 million compared to $58.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The change was primarily related to a $1.3 million decrease in guest ticket revenues to $50.1 million
in the third quarter of 2016 from $51.4 million in the third quarter of 2015 mainly as a result of planned lower available guest
nights due to fleet repositioning. Net Yield for the three months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $1,008 compared to $935
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in Net Yield was primarily related to price increases due to higher
rates and changes in itineraries. 

Tour revenues for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.4 million, or 1%, to $165.9 million compared to $163.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The change was primarily the result of a $4.2 million increase in guest ticket revenues to $146.6
million in 2016 from $142.4 million in 2015 mainly as a result of price increases due to higher rates and changes in itineraries
offset by lower available guest nights. Net Yield for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $1,006 compared to $966
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in Net Yield was primarily due to price increases due to higher rates
and changes in itineraries. 

Operating
Income    

Operating
income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $4.1 million to $9.9 million compared to $5.8 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily related to $5.5 million in merger-related costs in 2015 and lower
air and fuel expenses in 2016. These increases were partially offset by $2.1 million in higher depreciation and amortization expense
related to the accelerated depreciation and amortization for the  National Geographic Endeavour , lower revenues due to planned
lower available guest nights for redeployed vessels and $0.8 million of increased general and administrative expenses primarily
related to added personnel and public company costs.  

Operating
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.9 million to $19.0 million compared to $16.1 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily related to $13.3 million in merger-related costs in 2015. These
increases were partially offset by $5.7 million in higher depreciation and amortization expense related to the accelerated depreciation
and amortization for the  National Geographic Endeavour  and $5.2 million of increased general and administrative expenses,
related primarily to additional personnel and public company costs.  

Results
of Operations   Natural Habitat Segment   

As a result of the
acquisition of Natural Habitat, we began to include the results of operations for Natural Habitat as a separate segment on May
5, 2016. Natural Habitat reported $14.6 million in tour revenues and $0.3 million in operating income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. For the period beginning May 5, 2016 and ending on September 30, 2016, Natural Habitat reported $20.3 million
in tour revenues and an operating loss of $0.5 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Sources
and Uses of Cash for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Net
cash provided by operating activities   was $15.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $30.4
million in the comparable period in 2015. The $14.7 million decrease was primarily due to a reduction in collections of customer
deposits recognized in unearned passenger revenues and decreases related to changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses related
to payments for the two newbuild vessels.  

Net cash used
in investing activities   was $62.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $75.7 million in the
comparable period in 2015. The $13.2 million decrease was primarily related to the $68.1 million purchase of the investment in
CFMF in 2015 and offset by a $42.5 million increase in purchases of property and equipment primarily related to growth capital
expenditures for our two newbuild vessels and our purchase of and renovations for the  National Geographic Endeavour II ,
and our $9.9 million net cash use for the acquisition of Natural Habitat in 2016. 

Net cash used
in financing activities   was $11.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash provided by
financing activities of $214.6 million in the comparable period in 2015. The $225.6 million difference was primarily related to
the $125.5 million net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt in 2015, net of debt repayments and the $96.8 million in net
proceeds from the merger. 

Funding
Needs and Sources    

We
have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations and the incurrence of additional debt and/or the
refinancing of existing debt to fund obligations. Similar to others in the industry, we have historically operated with a meaningful
working capital deficit. This historical deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority
of guest ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. These advance passenger receipts remain a current
liability until the sailing date and the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand
from other cash from operations. The cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable
future expeditions or otherwise, pay down credit facilities, invest in long-term investments or any other use of cash. As a result
of the proceeds from the Restated Credit Facility and the merger, we had net working capital surpluses of $79.6 million and $130.0
million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had $149.0 million in cash
and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash.  

In November 2015,
we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a $20.0 million stock and warrant repurchase plan ( Repurchase Plan ).
In November 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a $15.0 million increase to the Repurchase Plan, totaling $35.0 million. This
Repurchase Plan authorizes us to purchase from time to time our outstanding common stock and warrants through open market repurchases
in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and/or in privately negotiated transactions
based on market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. Any shares and warrants purchased will
be retired. The Repurchase Plan has no time deadline and will continue until otherwise modified or terminated at the sole discretion
of our Board of Directors at any time. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter ended September
30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 under this Repurchase Plan, we have cumulatively purchased 4,059,063 warrants for $10.9 million,
leaving $9.1 million, prior to the $15.0 million increase, authorized to be used to purchase our outstanding common stock and warrants
pursuant to the Repurchase Plan. 

In
December 2015, we executed definitive agreements for the construction of two new coastal vessels for delivery targeted in 2017
and 2018 at a purchase price of $48.0 million and $46.8 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we have spent $30.2 million
for the construction of these two coastal vessels, funded through cash on hand. The newbuild process exposes us to certain risks
typically associated with new ship construction, which we manage through detailed planning and close monitoring by our internal
marine team. The remaining purchase price of the ships will be funded through a combination of cash available on our balance sheet,
our new revolving credit facility (described below) and excess cash flows generated by our existing operations.   

In
December 2015, we also signed a definitive agreement for the purchase of the  National Geographic Endeavour II , formerly
the  Via Australis ,   to be used in our operations in the Gal pagos Islands. The purchase price for the ship
was $18.0 million. We paid a deposit of $1.8 million on January 4, 2016 and paid the balance of $16.2 million on April 25, 2016
when we took possession of the ship. We have spent $8.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, funded through cash
on hand, and expect to deploy the ship during the fourth quarter of 2016. The  National Geographic Endeavour II  will replace
the  National Geographic Endeavour . The remaining costs of the refurbishment will be funded through a combination of cash
available on our balance sheet, our revolving credit facility (described below) and excess cash flows generated by our existing
operations.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $175.3 million in long-term debt obligations, including the current portion of long-term
debt and excluding debt discounts and deferred financing costs. We believe that our cash on hand, our revolving credit facility
(described below) and expected future operating cash inflows will be sufficient to fund operations, debt service requirements,
capital expenditures for our newbuilds and other assets, acquisitions, and our Repurchase Plan. However, there can be no assurance
that cash flows from operations will be available in the future to fund future obligations.  

Debt
Covenants    

On
May 8, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement with Credit Suisse A.G. as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent ( Credit
Agreement ) for a $150.0 million facility, which was subsequently increased to $175.0 million upon syndication on July 8,
2015 ( Amended Credit Agreement ), in the form of a $155.0 million U.S. term loan (the  U.S. Term Loan )
and a $20.0 million Cayman term loan for the benefit of our foreign subsidiaries (the  Cayman Loan,  and together
with the U.S. Term Loan, the  Loans ). The net proceeds from the Loans, net of discounts, fees and expenses, were
approximately $164.1 million. The Loans bear interest at a rate based on an adjusted ICE Benchmark Administration LIBO Rate (subject
to a floor of 1.00%) plus a spread of 4.50%. The U.S. Term Loan and the Cayman Loan both mature on May 8, 2021.  

The
Amended Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that, among other things, (i) require us to maintain a total net leverage
ratio (defined as on any date of determination, the ratio of total debt on such date, less up to $25.0 million of the unrestricted
cash and cash equivalents to Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) for the trailing 12-month period) of
4.75 to 1.00 initially, with 0.25 equal reductions annually thereafter until March 31, 2020, when the total net leverage ratio
shall be 3.50 to 1.00 thereafter; (ii) limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur generally and specifically for intercompany
debt, debt incurred to finance acquisitions and improvements, for capital and synthetic lease obligations, for standby letters
of credit, and in connection with refinancings; (iii) limit the amount we may spend in connection with certain types of investments;
and (iv) require the delivery of certain periodic financial statements and an operating budget. As of September 30, 2016, the
required net leverage ratio was 4.5 to 1 and we were in compliance with the financial covenants.  

On March 7, 2016,
we entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with Credit Suisse as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent
( Restated Credit Agreement ), amending our existing senior secured credit facility with Credit Suisse ( Restated
Credit Facility ). The Restated Credit Facility provides for our existing $175.0 million senior secured first lien term loan
facility and a new $45.0 million senior secured incremental revolving credit facility ( Revolving Credit Facility ),
which includes a $5.0 million letter of credit subfacility. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at
an adjusted ICE Benchmark Administration LIBO Rate plus a spread of 4.00%, or, at our option, an alternative base rate plus a spread
of 3.00%. We are also required to pay a 0.50% annual commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, which
matures on May 8, 2020. Our obligations under the Restated Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our assets. The
Restated Credit Agreement contains the same financial and operational covenants as the Amended Credit Agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies    

For
a detailed discussion of the Critical Accounting Policies, please see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
March 14, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

The
Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Item
     3:   
       QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

There
have been no material changes in our exposure to market risk from the information set forth in the  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  section contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Item
        4:   
       Controls
    and Procedures    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective.  

Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Part
        2:   
       OTHER
    INFORMATION    

Item
        1:   
       LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS    

The
Company is involved in various claims, legal actions and regulatory proceedings arising from time to time in the ordinary course
of business. We have protection and indemnity insurance that would be expected to cover any damages.  

ITEM
    1A:   
       RISK
    FACTORS    

We
operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial
condition or future results, some of which are beyond our control. The risks and uncertainties that we believe are most important
for you to consider are discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item
    2:   
       UNREGISTERED
    SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

Recent
Sales by the Company of Unregistered Securities   

There
were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

Repurchases
of Securities   

On November 9, 2015,
we announced that our Board of Directors had approved the $20.0 million Repurchase Plan. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors
approved a $15.0 million increase to the Repurchase Plan, totaling $35.0 million. This Repurchase Plan authorizes us to purchase
from time to time our outstanding common stock and warrants through open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and/or in privately negotiated transactions based on market and business conditions,
applicable legal requirements and other factors. Any shares and warrants purchased will be retired. The Repurchase Plan has no
time deadline and will continue until otherwise modified or terminated at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors at any
time. 

We
did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

Item
        3:   
       DEfaults
    upon senior securities    

Not
applicable.  

Item
        4:   
       MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not
applicable.  

Item
        5:   
       Other
    information    

Not
applicable.  

Item
        6:   
       exhibits    

Number   
         
       Description   
         
       Included   
         
       Form   
         
       Filing
    Date    
 
      31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
         
      Herewith  

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
         
      Herewith  

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.  
         
      Herewith  

32.2  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.  
         
      Herewith  

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document  
         
      Herewith  

101.SCH  
         
      Taxonomy
    extension schema document  
         
      Herewith  

101.CAL  
         
      Taxonomy
    extension calculation linkbase document  
         
      Herewith  

101.LAB  
         
      Taxonomy
    extension label linkbase document  
         
      Herewith  

101.PRE  
         
      Taxonomy
    extension presentation linkbase document  
         
      Herewith  

SIGNATURE   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 4, 2016.  

LINDBLAD
    EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC.    

(Registrant)   

By  
      /s/
    Sven-Olof Lindblad   

Sven-Olof
    Lindblad   

Chief
    Executive Officer and President   

37  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_lindbladexped.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification   

I,
Sven-Olof Lindblad, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 4, 2016  

/s/
    Sven-Olof Lindblad   

Sven-Olof
    Lindblad   

Chief
    Executive Officer and President   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_lindbladexped.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification   

I,
Craig I. Felenstein, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 4, 2016  

/s/
    Craig I. Felenstein   

Craig
    I. Felenstein   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_lindbladexped.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification
of CEO Pursuant To   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350,   

   As
Adopted Pursuant To   

   Section
906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Sven-Olof Lindblad, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge:  

1)  
      the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 4, 2016  

/s/
    Sven-Olof Lindblad   

Sven-Olof
    Lindblad   

Chief
    Executive Officer and President   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_lindbladexped.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification
of CFO Pursuant To   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350,   

   As
Adopted Pursuant To   

   Section
906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Craig I. Felenstein, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge:  

1)  
      the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 4, 2016  

/s/
    Craig I. Felenstein   

Craig
    I. Felenstein   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lind-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lind-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lind-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lind-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lind-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lind-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

