<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-Q_edgar_data_1471968_0001471968-16-000015_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>182967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>110712</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001471968-16-000015.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122115640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001471968-16-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EnzymeBioSystems
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471968
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				270464302
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53854
		FILM NUMBER:		162012219

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8440 W. LAKE MEAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 214
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-907-0615

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8440 W. LAKE MEAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 214
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enzyme Bio Systems
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090909

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001471968-16-000015.txt : 20161122

10-Q
 1
 enzb10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

For the transition period from  _________________ to  

EnzymeBioSystems   

 ( Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter ) 

Nevada 
       
     27-0464302  
 
     (State or Other Jurisdiction 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer  
 
     of Incorporation or Organization) 
       
     Identification No.)  

(702) 907-0615 
    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes [ ] No [ ] Not Applicable 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company, defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act (Check one). 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
       
     Accelerated filer    [ ]  
 
     Non-accelerated filer   [ ] 
       
     Smaller Reporting Company [X]  
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

There
were  16,641,822  shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 21, 2016.   

Table of Contents 

 EnzymeBioSystems 

 Index to Form 10-Q 

 For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016 

PART I 
     Financial Information 
       3  

ITEM 1. 
     Financial Statements 
       3  

Unaudited Interim Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 
       3  

Unaudited Condensed Interim Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 
       4  

Unaudited Condensed Interim Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 
       5  

Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
       6  

ITEM 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       8  

ITEM 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     15  

ITEM 4T. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     16  

PART II 
     Other Information 
     19  

ITEM 1. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     19  

ITEM 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     19  

ITEM 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     19  

ITEM 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     19  

ITEM 4. 
     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
     19  

ITEM 5.. 
     Other Information 
     19  

ITEM 6. 
     Exhibits 
     20  

SIGNATURES 
     21  

2 

Part I. Financial Information 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Condensed Interim Balance Sheets 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

3 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Condensed Interim Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

4 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Condensed Interim Statements of Cash
Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

5 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial
Statements 

 September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring
adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows at September 30, 2016 and
for all periods presented have been made. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's June 30, 2016 audited financial statements. The results of
operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. 

Basis of Presentation  

 In the opinion of management, the accompanying
balance sheets and related interim statements of operations and cash flows include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
items, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ). Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions the affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management's estimates
and assumptions. 

Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of results for a full year. The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with information
included in the Form 10-K. 

NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN 

These condensed financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has not recognized any revenues and has accumulated operating losses of approximately $(1,154,060) since
inception. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing
arrangements and its ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. Management plans to raise equity capital to finance
the operating and capital requirements of the Company. Amounts raised will be used to further development of the Company's products,
to provide financing for marketing and promotion, to secure additional property and equipment, and for other working capital purposes.
While the Company is putting forth its best efforts to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will
generate funds that will be available for operations. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
arise from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

6 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial
Statements 

 September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue recognition  

 The Company applies the provisions of
ASC 605, Revenue Recognition ( ASC 605 ). ASC 605 provides guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of
revenue in financial statements. ASC 605 outlines the basic criteria that must be met to recognize revenue and provides guidance
for the disclosure of revenue recognition policies. The Company recognizes revenue related to product sales when (i) persuasive
evidence of the arrangement exists, (ii) shipment has occurred, (iii) the fee is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured. For the period from June 26, 2009 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company has not recognized any
revenues. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

Ce  rt  a  i  n
  acco  u  nti  n  g
pronounce  m  en  t  s
  hav  e bee  n i  ss  ue  d
by t  h  e   FA  S  B
an  d o  th  e  r
s  ta  nd  a  rd
  se  t  t  in  g
  o  rga  ni  za  t  io  n  s
  w  h  i  c  h
  a  re n  o  t
yet e  f  fec  t  ive
a  n  d t  her  efo  r  e
h  a  ve not ye  t b  ee  n
  a  d  o  pt  e  d
  b  y   the Co  mp  a  ny  .
  Th  e   i  mpac  t
  o  n   t  he
  Co  mp  any's fi  n  a  n  c  i  a  l
  p  os  iti  o  n
a  nd   r  e  su  lt  s
  of ope  r  ations f  r  om
  a  dop  t  i  on
of   th  ese standar  d  s
is not expec  t  e  d   t  o
  be   m  a  t  er  i  al  .

7 

EnzymeBioSystems 

 Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial
Statements 

 September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On September 21, 2015, the Company's
then chief financial officer (appointed October 20, 2014) was dismissed for his alleged payment of unauthorized expenses totaling
approximately $36,018 ($25,698 in the year ended June 30, 2015 and $10,320 in the six months ended December 31, 2015). To date,
efforts to recover any of the $36,018 from the Company's former chief financial officer have not been successful. 

The officers and directors of the Company
are involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities. If a specific
business opportunity becomes available, such persons may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and their other business
interests. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. 

NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The Company is authorized to issue up
to 5,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value preferred stock and up to 195,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock. 

Effective June 18, 2015, the Company
effected a 1-for-2 reverse stock split of its common stock (which reduced the issued and outstanding shares of common stock from
33,283,587 shares to 16,641,822 shares) and its Series A Preferred Stock (which reduced the issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock from 5,000,000 shares to 2,500,000 shares). 

The shares of Series A Preferred Stock
carry a voting weight equal to 10 shares of common stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock, are not redeemable, and cannot
be converted into Common Shares unless it is approved by the Board of Directors and agreed upon by the Series A Preferred Shareholders.
The shares of Series A Preferred stock have no dividend rights but have a liquidation preference for funds paid for the Series
A Preferred Stock shares. 

8 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Item 2. - Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Information  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   will,   plan,   seeks,   intend,  and  expect  and similar
expressions identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in
any forward-looking statements are reasonable, these plans, intentions, or expectations may not be achieved. Our actual results,
performance, or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied, by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
forward-looking statements are set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q All forward-looking statements attributable to us
or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by federal securities laws, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

There have been no material changes
to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Item 7,  Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2016. 

Results of Operations  

Overview of Current Operations  

History and Organization  

The Company was organized June 26, 2009
(Date of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as EnzymeBioSystems. 

Our Business  

EnzymeBioSystems researches specialty
enzymes and enzyme related products. We utilize enzyme technologies to develop solutions for a broad range of applications within
the specialty chemical industry. These markets are largely served by a small number of large, well-established businesses and research
university centers. We plan to work collaboratively with those industrial companies to develop differentiated, high performance
enzyme solutions for their target markets, and to leverage their well-developed distribution capabilities to better exploit commercial
opportunities. Our enzyme technology will tie-in with development of new commercial biological active compounds. We hope we can
develop specialty enzymes to eliminate the side effects and toxicity of the new commercially developed products. 

9 

Enzyme Industry  

Enzymes can be categorized as  enzyme
inhibitors  and  enzyme activators.  Enzyme inhibitors are molecules that bind to enzymes and decrease their activity.
Since blocking an enzyme's activity can kill a pathogen or correct a metabolic imbalance, many drugs are enzyme inhibitors. Enzyme
activators are molecules that bind to enzymes and increase their activity. These molecules are often involved in the allosteric
[defined as having to do with a protein with a structure that is altered reversibly by a small molecule so that its original function
is modified] regulation of enzymes in the control of metabolism. Both enzyme inhibitors and enzyme activators are currently used
by many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in research and development of new drug compounds. 

Enzymes also can be used as pharmaceutical
products. Enzymes as pharmaceuticals have two important features that distinguish them from all other types of pharmaceutical products.
First, enzymes often bind and act on their targets with great affinity and specificity. Second, enzymes are catalytic and convert
multiple target molecules to the desired products. These two features make for what are considered specialized enzymes that can
accomplish therapeutic biochemistry in the body that small molecules cannot. These characteristics have resulted in the development
of many enzyme drugs for a wide range of disorders, e.g. insulin and interferon. 

Business Strategy  

We foresee our two areas of business
opportunity, that include: 1) buying raw materials to produce specialty enzymes in our lab facility and offer these products for
sale to research facilities and pharmaceutical companies; and 2) become a specialty contract manufacture for research universities
and pharmaceutical companies that utilize enzymes in their research programs. 

We plan to deploy our enzyme technologies
across diverse markets that represent commercial opportunities in helping us build visibility for EnzymeBioSystems. We plan to
use enzyme technologies to develop commercial solutions for a broad range of applications within the specialty chemical industry. 

We currently have only limited resources
and capability to develop, manufacture, market, sell, or distribute specialty enzyme products on a commercial scale. We will determine
which specialty enzyme products to pursue independently based on various criteria, including: investment required, estimated time
to market, regulatory hurdles, infrastructure requirements, and industry-specific expertise necessary for successful commercialization.
At any time, we may modify our strategy and pursue collaborations for the development and commercialization of some specialty enzyme
products that we had intended to pursue independently. In order for us to commercialize more specialty enzyme products directly,
we plan to establish or obtain through outsourcing arrangements additional capability to develop, manufacture, market, sell, and
distribute such products. 

10 

Marketing Strategy  

Through our future independent and collaborative
research and development programs, we plan to develop commercial enzyme products across multiple markets. In addition, we plan
to develop a pipeline of enzyme product candidates that we expect to launch independently and/or in collaboration with strategic
partners. 

Competition  

Our competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do and may succeed in developing products that would render our products
obsolete or noncompetitive. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in their respective
fields. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach the market in
a timely manner and are technologically superior to, and/or are less expensive than, other products on the market. Current competitors
or other companies may develop technologies and products that are more effective than ours. Our technologies and products may be
rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances or entirely different approaches developed by one or more of our competitors.
The existing approaches of our competitors or new approaches or technology developed by our competitors may be more effective than
those developed by us. 

Any enzyme products that we develop
will compete in multiple, highly competitive markets. For example, Codexis, Maxygen, Inc., Evotec, and Xencor have alternative
evolution technologies. Integrated Genomics Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., and ArQule, Inc. perform screening, sequencing, and/or
bioinformatics services. Novozymes A/S, Verenium Corporation, Genencor International Inc. and MPBiomedicals are involved in development,
overexpression, fermentation, and purification of enzymes. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial and human
resources than we do. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are access to genetic material, technological
experience and expertise, and proprietary position. 

Our Current Business Strategy  

Management is evaluating an enzyme compound
which it believes has a specific therapeutic value in fighting tumors, specifically breast tumors. Management has undertaken research
to study its synthetic Amooranin compound, which the Company has developed in-house. Some studies of Amooranin have already been
completed in rats. Further, research is required to study Amooranin in a different animal species. 

Amooranin, a triterpene acid with a
novel structure isolated from the stem bark of Amoora rohituka, a tropical tree growing wild in India. Recent studies showed that
multiple breast cancer cell lines respond to Amooranin in growth suppression assays. Mechanistic studies suggest that Amooranin
suppresses growth factor signaling, induces cell cycle arrest, and promotes apoptosis. Because the anti-neoplastic activity of
the plant-derived compound of Amooranin is relatively weak. 

Our Chief Scientific Officer developed
a new synthetic analogue of this molecule by chemical transformations in an attempt to identify a more potent agent. One of these
analogues, Amooranin-Me, was found to inhibit proliferation of several breast cancer cells with greater potency than the parent
compound of Amooranin. Preliminary screening of Amooranin-Me in in-vitro experiments revealed some potenecy against breast cancer
MCF-7 cells with concentrations down to the nanomolar range. All these studies indicate that Amooranin-Me is a promising drug with
potential to be used for human breast cancer prevention. 

11 

The Company has moved further along
with the process of evaluating an enzyme compound which they believe has specific therapeutic value in fighting tumors. In an effort
to evaluate this compound, management has had a series of meetings with various contract research organizations to enlist their
expertise in performing animal studies. The research will study the use of an antitumor natural product called amooranin. Specifically,
the two areas of this study will include: 1) an exam of the  in vitro  cytotoxicity of amooranin against hepatocellular carcinoma
cells, and 2) investigate the dose responsive antitumor actions of amooranin against chemically induced hepatic tumorgenesis in
rats and dogs. 

Management wants to continue its research
with Amooranin that will lead to the filing of an Investigational New Drug Application ( IND ) with the U. S. Food
and Drug Administration. It is still too early to determine if this project has any potential value for the Company, and there
are no assurances that the Company will ever be able to obtain an IND for this compound. 

As of the date of this report, management
of the Company has identified an independent chemical laboratory that can produce sufficient quantities of amooranin to proceed
with the required animal studies. A small preclinical batch of  methyl amooranin has been manufactured
by the independent chemical laboratory. This preclinical batch is not large enough to sufficiently test in several animal studies
needed to obtain an IND.    

Patent, Trademark, License and Franchise
Restrictions and Contractual Obligations and Concessions  

In 2012, the two then officers of the
Company, along with  Anupam Bishayee, Ph.D.  an outside third party, as inventors, filed International
Patent Application PCT/US2012/071182 entitled  Amooranin Compounds and Analogs Thereof and Related Methods of Use.  The
Geneva Patent Office informed the inventors that they published the aforementioned international application of 04 July 2013 under
No. WO 2013/101719. On June 27, 2014, Patent Application 14/369,339 was filed with the U.S. Patent Office. The Pending Patent is
entitled:  Amooranin Compounds and Analogs Thereof and Related Methods of Use.  At this time, no patent has been issued. 

We plan to rely on trade secrets, technical
know-how, and continuing invention to develop and maintain our competitive position. We will take security measures to protect
our trade secrets, proprietary know-how and technologies, and confidential data and continue to explore further methods of protection.
Our policy is to execute confidentiality agreements with our employees and consultants upon the commencement of an employment or
consulting arrangement with us. These agreements generally require that all confidential information developed or made known to
the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to
third parties. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services
to us shall be our exclusive property. 

12 

Results of Operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016  

During the three month period ended
September 30, 2016, the Company did not generate any revenues. In addition, the Company does not expect to generate any profit
for the next twelve months. 

For the three months ending September
30, 2016, we experienced a net loss of $(27,502) as compared to a net loss of $(42,233) for the same period last year. The net
loss for the three months ending September 30, 2016 was attributed to $18,000 in officers' compensation, $7,500 in audit fees,
and $2,699 in other general and administrative expense. 

Revenues  

The Company has generated no revenues
since its inception. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $(1,154,060). There can be no assurances
that the Company can achieve or sustain profitability or that the Company's operating losses will not increase in the future. 

Going Concern  

Our independent auditors included an
explanatory paragraph in their report on the June 30, 2016 audited financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead
to this disclosure by our independent auditors. Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion
of additional financing arrangements and our ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. 

Therefore, management plans to raise
equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company. While the Company is devoting its best efforts
to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be available for operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

Plan of Operation  

Management does not believe that the
Company will be able to generate any significant profit during the coming year. Management believes developmental costs will most
likely exceed its cash reserves for the coming year. Management is evaluating an enzyme compound, specifically a synthetic Amooranin
which it believes has a specific therapeutic value in fighting tumors. Therefore, management will be required to seek outside funding,
of at least $500,000. 

13 

Future funding could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to
goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations and
financial condition. Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or product(s) might require the Company
to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all, and such
financing, if available, might be dilutive. 

Management hopes its research will identify
an enzyme compound developed by the Company that will lead to the filing of an Investigational New Drug Application with the U.
S. Food and Drug Administration. It is still too early to determine if this project has any potential value for the Company, and
there are no assurances that the Company will ever obtain be able to obtain an IND for this compound. 

Summary of any product research and
development that we will perform for the term of our plan of operation.  

We plan to deploy our enzyme technologies
across diverse markets that represent commercial opportunities in helping us build visibility for EnzymeBioSystems. We believe
that this market approach might give us the ability to broadly apply our enzyme development and manufacturing capabilities while
minimizing commercial risk in that research or pharmaceutical companies might change their needs during our development processes. 

Expected purchase or sale of plant
and significant equipment.  

We have not purchased or sold any plant
or significant equipment. 

Significant changes in the number
of employees.  

As of September 30, 2016, we did not
have any employees. We are dependent upon our two officers for our future business development. As our operations expand we anticipate
the need to hire additional employees, consultants and professionals; however, the exact number is not quantifiable at this time. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company is authorized to issue 195,000,000
shares of its $0.001 par value common stock and 5,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has 16,641,822 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 2,500,000 of its Series A Preferred Shares issued
and outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had current assets of $112,540 and current liabilities of $4,100. 

14 

The Company has limited financial resources
available, which has had an adverse impact on the Company's liquidity, activities and operations. In order for the Company to remain
a Going Concern it will need to find additional capital or generate revenues. Additional working capital may be sought through
additional debt or equity private placements, additional notes payable to banks or related parties (officers, directors or stockholders),
or from other available funding sources at market rates of interest, or a combination of these. The ability to raise necessary
financing will depend on many factors, including the nature and prospects of any business to be acquired and the economic and market
conditions prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing can be obtained
on terms favorable to the Company, or at all. 

EnzymeBioSystems's Funding Requirements  

Future funding could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to
goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations and
financial condition. Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or product(s) might require the Company
to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all, and such
financing, if available, might be dilutive. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to
investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates  

Revenue Recognition: We recognize revenue
from product sales once all of the following criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive evidence that an agreement
exists; the services have been rendered; the fee is fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection
of the amount due is reasonable assured. 

New Accounting Standards  

The Company's management has evaluated
all the recently issued accounting pronouncements through the filing date of these financial statements and does not believe that
any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

15 

Item 4T. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the SEC, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Interim Accounting Officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, management
concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
because of the  material weaknesses  described below under  Management's report on internal control over financial
reporting,  which are in the process of being remediated as described below under  Management Plan to Remediate Material
Weaknesses.  

Management's Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rules
promulgated under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer and affected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;    

provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our Board of Directors; and    

provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements.    

Because of its inherent limitations,
a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations,
there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial
reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design
into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Further, over time control may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

16 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016. In making its assessment, management used the criteria established
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).
Based on its assessment, management has concluded that we had certain control deficiencies described below that constituted material
weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. As a result, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective as of June 30, 2016. 

A  material weakness  is defined
under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis by the company's internal controls. As a result of management's review of the investigation issues
and results, and other internal reviews and evaluations that were completed after the end of the year related to the preparation
of management's report on internal controls over financial reporting required for this annual report on Form 10-K, management concluded
that we had material weaknesses in our control environment and financial reporting process which consisted of the following: 

Deficiencies Related to the Design
and Operation of Certain Company-Level Controls    

Non-compliance by the former chief financial officer with regards to unauthorized travel and entertainment expenses;  

Unauthorized personal charges by the former chief financial officer.  

Deficiencies Related to the Design
and Operation of Certain Accounting Procedures    

Inadequate accounting procedures responsible for processing payment requests by our former chief financial officer related to travel and entertainment expenditures;   

Lack of clear procedures for ensuring appropriate expense controls.  

In consultation with our board of directors
and new interim accounting officer, we are implementing certain remediation measures, and we are in the process of creating and
implementing additional remediation plans for the internal control deficiencies noted above. The remediation activities include: 

Design and Operation of Certain
Company-Level Controls    

Management has conducted an internal
investigation relating to the unauthorized travel and entertainment expenses, incurred by the former chief financial officer. We
have identified various expenses by the Company s former chief financial officer since February, 2015 that were inconsistent
with Company policies or that lacked sufficient documentation. On September 21, 2015, the former chief financial officer was dismissed
for cause, based on a breach of his fiduciary duties. The Board has subsequently appointed a new interim accounting officer and
corporate secretary 

We will implement a check-and-balance
system to monitor all expenses. 

17 

Design and Operation of Certain
Accounting Procedures    

We expect to complete the following
remediation during the remainder of 2016. 

We will adopt a new policy and procedure
that authorizes and reviews the accounting oversight by persons at the appropriate levels within the Company. 

Changes in Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting    

On September 21, 2015, we replaced our
former chief financial officer. We added a new interim accounting officer who has experience related to the application of generally
accepted accounting principles and U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations as they pertain to financial
reporting. We believe these personnel changes will strengthen our controls related to financial reporting. Other than these changes,
there have been no other changes to our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 -- Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our 

 business. 

In November 2015, the Company filed
a complaint titled EnzymeBioSystems v. Edward C. Zimmerman III, Case No. A-15-727138-CV, filed in the District Court of the State
of Nevada for the Clark County. EnzymeBioSystems, the plaintiff in this matter, brings an action against Edward C. Zimmerman III,
the defendant, for reimbursement of $38,567.95 in unauthorized expenditures. While considerable uncertainly exists, it is difficult
to ascertain the outcome of any litigation. 

Item 1A - Risk Factors 

See Risk Factors set forth in Part I,
Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and the discussion in Item 1, above,
under   Liquidity and Capital Resources.  

Item 2 -- Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3 -- Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4 -- Submission of Matters to a
Vote of Security Holders 

None. 

Item 5 -- Other Information 

None. 

19 

Item 6 -- Exhibits 

20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

EnzymeBioSystems  
         Registrant   

Date:  November 21, 2016 
      /s/_  Gary Rojewski  ____________    

Name: Gary Rojewski  

Its: Principal Executive Officer 

Date:  November 21, 2016 
     /s/_ John Dean Harper ________  

Name: John Dean Harper  

Its: Interim Chief Accounting Officer 

21 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 - SECTION 302
CERTIFICATION  

EXHIBIT
31.1    

   Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications    

I, Gary
Rojewski, certify that:  

(1)  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EnzymeBioSystems;   

(2)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

(4)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation;   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

(5)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/  
    Gary Rojewski   

Gary Rojewski   

Principal Executive Officer   
 
      Date: 
    November 21, 2016   

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 - SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

EXHIBIT 31.1   

  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications

I, John Dean Harper, certify that: 

(1) 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EnzymeBioSystems;  

(2) 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

(3) 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

(4) 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 
            b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5) 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/   John Dean Harper  
 
            John Dean Harper  
 
          Interim Chief Accounting Officer  
 
     Date:  November 21, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 - SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

EXHIBIT 32.1   

  Section 1350 Certifications   

I am the Principal Executive Officer of EnzymeBioSystems,
a Nevada corporation (the  Company ). I am delivering this certificate in connection with the Form 10-Q of the Company
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( Form 10-Q ). 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of EnzymeBioSystems (the  Company )
certifies to his knowledge that: 

(1) 
     The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/    Gary Rojewski 

Gary Rojewski 

Its:  Principal Executive Officer 

Date:  November 21, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 - SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

EXHIBIT 32.1   

  Section 1350 Certifications   

I am the Principal Accounting Officer of EnzymeBioSystems,
a Nevada corporation (the  Company ). I am delivering this certificate in connection with the Form 10-Q of the Company
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( Form 10-Q ). 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of EnzymeBioSystems (the  Company )
certifies to his knowledge that: 

(1) 
     The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/    John Dean Harper 

John Dean Harper 

Its:  Interim Chief Accounting Officer 

Date:  November 21, 2016 

</EX-32>

