<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161227_10-K_edgar_data_1079282_0001607062-16-001102_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6670291</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>390651</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253505</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2798037</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1698936</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1221419</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>161</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>26</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-16-001102.hdr.sgml : 20161226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161227080525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-16-001102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001079282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				330824714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32201
		FILM NUMBER:		162069673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 SPRING ST #304
		CITY:			LA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91942
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-644-3344

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 SPRING ST #304
		CITY:			LA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91942

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TASCO HOLDINGS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050906

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TASCO INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-16-001102.txt : 20161227

10-K
 1
 bmsn093016form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

United
States Securities and Exchange Commission   

   Washington,
D.C.  20549   

Form
10-K   

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934:     

For
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934:     

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________.  

Commission
file number: 0-32201  

BIO-MATRIX
SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC.    

  (Name
of small business issuer in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       33-0824714    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   

4700
Spring Street, Suite 304, La Mesa, California, 91942   

  (Address
of Principal executive offices)  

(619)
702-1404   

  (Registrant s
telephone number)        

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  

Title
                                         of Each Class  
          to
        be so Registered:   
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered:   
 
       None   
       None    

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:  

Common
Stock, Par Value $.0001    

  (Title
of Class)  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

  Yes
   No    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  

  Yes
   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  Yes  
 No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or amendment to Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, and accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One):  

Large
    Accelerated Filer    
         
      Accelerated
    Filer     
 
      Non-accelerated
    Filer    
         
      Smaller
    reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

  Yes
   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes
   No    

As
of March 31, 2016, the aggregate market value of the issued and outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant,
based upon the closing price of the common stock, under the symbol  BMSN  as quoted on the OTC market was approximately
$832,042.  For purposes of the statement in the preceding statement, all directors, executive officers and 10% shareholders
are assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other
purpose.  

Number
of shares outstanding of the issuer's classes of common stock as of December 20 2016:  

  6,956,855,636
shares of common stock  

In
this annual report, the terms  Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. ,   Company ,   us ,
 we , or  our , unless the context otherwise requires, mean Bio-Matrix Scientific Group,  Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries.  

This
annual report on Form 10-K and other reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking
statements.  Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions or
forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this annual report,
including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs and
plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential, 
 projects,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe, 
 we intend,  and similar expressions. These statements are based on the Company s current plans and are subject
to risks and uncertainties, and as such the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially
different from those set forth in the forward looking statements. Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this annual
report may turn out to be inaccurate and as such, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  The
Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and
financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.
The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
due to a number of factors, including:  

dependence
    on key personnel;   

competitive
    factors;   

degree
    of success of research and development programs   

the
    operation of our business; and   

general
    economic conditions   

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of
each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
in this annual report.  

PART
I   

   Item
1. Business    

  We
were organized October 6, 1998, under the laws of the State of Delaware as Tasco International, Inc.  

  Through
our controlled subsidiary, Regen BioPharma ,Inc.( Regen ) , we intend to engage primarily in the development of regenerative
medical applications which we intend to license from other entities up to the point of successful completion of Phase I and or
Phase II clinical trials after which we would either attempt to sell or license those developed applications or, alternatively,
advance the application further to Phase III clinical trials. The primary factor to be considered by us in arriving at a decision
to advance an application further to Phase III clinical trials would be a greater than anticipated indication of efficacy seen
in Phase I trials. As of September 30, 2016 the Company owned 11.64% of the share capital of Regen and exercised 57.7% of the
voting power of Regen , such voting power primarily attributable to Bio Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. s ownership of 30,000
shares of Regen s Seriess AA Preferred Stock. Each holder of Regen s Series AA Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock owned by such holder times
ten thousand (10,000). Except as otherwise required by law holders of Regen s Common Stock, other series of Preferred issued
by the Corporation, and Series AA Preferred Stock shall vote as a single class on all matters submitted to the stockholders.  

As
of December 13, 2015 , we have not licensed any existing therapies which may be marketed. On June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc.
(  Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander )
whereby Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization of certain
intellectual property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen
years. Zander is a wholly owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000)
as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable payment of one hundred
thousand US dollars ($100,000) on July 15th, 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date of the Agreement.  

  The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term is defined in
the Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander will pay Regen ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at fair
market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based on
Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each anniversary of
the Effective Date of this Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual royalty is only
payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand US dollars ($10,000).  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Regen:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Agreement or Zander has not sold any Licensed
Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of the
Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License
IP.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United States
patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

David
R. Koos serves as sole officer and director of both Zander and Entest Biomedical, Inc. and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Regen and Bio Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.  

Zander
will be required to obtain approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in order to market
any Licensed Product which may be developed within the United States and no assurance may be given that such approval would be
granted.  

Regen
has acquired certain intellectual property from Dr. Wei Ping Min on May 1, 2013 and licensed certain intellectual property from
Benitec Australia Limited on August 5, 2013. These collective intellectual properties comprise the therapeutic concept behind
dCellVax , a cancer therapy in early stage development by the Company.  

On
May 1, 2013 Dr. Wei Ping Min ( Min ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) whereby Min assigned to Regen
all right, title and interest in US Patent # 8,389,708 as well as all Patent applications from the same family corresponding to
numbers PCT/CA2006/000984, CA2612200 and EP1898936.( Min IP ) US Patent # 8,389,708 was granted to Min with regard
to his invention of a method directed to the silencing of immunosuppressive cancer causing genes using short interfering RNA (siRNA)
leading to an increase in the immune response, a decrease in tumor-induced immunosuppression and a decrease in in vivo tumor progression.
siRNA are shorter pieces of double stranded RNA that allow the interference of a particular gene, without causing cell death.  

As
consideration for the Min IP, Regen is required to:  

(a)  
         
      negotiate
    in good faith with Min with regards to a proposed consulting agreement by and between Min whereby Min shall perform certain
    mutually agreed upon tasks for the benefit of Regen for consideration to Min consisting of $100,000 of the common shares of
    Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. valued as of the date of issuance and to be paid over a twelve month period in twelve equal
    installments ( Consulting Shares ) and registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-8.   

(b)  
         
      Cause
    to be issued to Min 100,000 of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. s preferred shares ( Assignor Preferred Shares )
    exchangeable into common shares of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. ( Exchange Common Shares ) under the following
    terms and conditions:   

(1)
upon any date subsequent to the date of the completion of a satisfactory review by the United States Food and Drug Administration
( FDA ) of an Investigational New Drug Application ( IND ) for the Min IP submitted by Regen which shall
result in the ability of Regen to lawfully begin clinical testing of the Min IP on human subjects within the United States Min
shall be permitted, at his option, to exchange 33,333 of the Assignor Preferred Shares into that number of Exchange Common Shares
having a value of $333,000 such shares being valued at a price per share equal to the closing price as of the day written notice
is given to Regen of Min s intent to exchange.  

(2)
upon any date subsequent to the date that manufacturing procedures for the manufacture of the Min IP have been developed by Regen
which comply to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP  ) requirements of the Food Drug and Cosmetics Act
of 1938 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder as they may apply to the manufacture of the Min IP Min shall be permitted,
at his option, to exchange 33,333 of the Assignor Preferred Shares into that number of Exchange Common Shares having a value of
$333,000 such shares being valued at a price per share equal to the closing price as of the day written notice is given to Regen
of Min s intent to exchange.  

(3)
upon any date subsequent to the date that, in connection with a lawfully administered Phase I clinical trial of the Min IP being
conducted by Regen within the United States on human subjects, both of (1) a clinical trial protocol has been completed and (2)
a Principal Investigator has been appointed, Min shall be permitted, at Min s option, to exchange 33,333 of the Assignor
Preferred Shares into that number of Exchange Common Shares having a value of $333,000 such shares being valued at a price per
share equal to the closing price as of the day written notice is given by Min to Regen of Min s intent to exchange.  

(4)
Min shall receive, upon successful completion of a lawfully administered Phase I clinical trial of the Min IP being conducted
by Regen within the United States on human subjects, the results of which (1) shall indicate that the Min IP can be safely tolerated
by human subjects (2) shall not indicate that use of the Min IP in human subjects result in side effects of such severity that
commencement of a Phase II clinical trial could not occur, and (3) establishes the optimal dosage and/or method of administration(
as applicable )of the Min IP , Min shall receive that number of the common shares of BIO-MATRIX SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC. which,
at a price per share equal to the closing price of the shares as of the day of issuance, shall equal $1,000,000.  

All
common shares of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc issuable pursuant to the Agreement are subject to the condition that a sufficient
number of common shares shall be authorized for issuance by BMSN in order that the required number common shares may be issued.
Pursuant to the Agreement, Min shall be entitled to additional consideration for productivity and deliverables over and above
listed items (  Bonus  ). The eligibility of Min to receive a Bonus as well as the nature and amount of
any Bonus shall be at the sole discretion and determination of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On August 9, 2013 Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc issued to Min 100,000 of its Preferred Shares pursuant to the Agreement.  

On
August 5, 2013 Regen was granted by Benitec Australia Limited ( Benitec ) an exclusive worldwide right and license
to certain patents, patent applications, know-how and other intellectual property relating to RNA interference, a biological mechanism
by which double-stranded RNA modifies gene expression ( RNAi ) possessed by Benitec.  

Pursuant
to the agreement between the parties for the grant of the license ( Agreement ) , Regen is obligated to make the following
payments to Benitec as consideration for the grant of the license:  

(1)
a one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of twenty five thousand US dollars ($25,000) as a license initiation fee on the execution
date of the Agreement. On August 30, 2013 BMSN issued 8,512,088 of its common shares to Benitec in satisfaction of this obligation
on behalf of the Company. Fair value of these common shares as of the date of issuance was determined to be $25,536.  

(2)
a one-time non-refundable payment of twenty five thousand US dollars ($25,000) on the first anniversary of the execution date
of the Agreement.  

(3)
The following milestone payments per each Licensed Product that meets such milestone:  

As
defined by the Agreement,  Licensed Product  shall mean any product sold by or on behalf of Regen, its Affiliates
or its sublicensees pursuant to the license granted by the Agreement.  

As
further consideration to Benitec, Regen is required to pay:  

(i)  
         
      Royalties
    equal to the greater of (a) a minimum annual payment of $25,000 per year or (b) four percent (4%) of the Net Sales as defined
    in the Agreement of any Licensed Products sold pursuant to the license sold within a given year.   

(ii)  
         
      fifty
    percent (50%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at fair market value as monetary consideration)
    received by Regen from sublicensees, excluding royalties from sublicensees based on Net Sales of any Licensed Products for
    which Benitec receives payment.   

The
term of this Agreement commenced on the date of execution ( Effective Date  ) continues in full force and effect on
a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration or termination of the Benitec s
Patent Rights covering such Licensed Product.  

On
August 1, 2015 the Agreement was amended as follows:  

  Any
License Fees or Milestone Payments ( as those terms are defined in the Agreement ) to be paid subsequent to April 6, 2015
may be paid in the common stock of Regen .  

  On
November 20, 2014 Dr. Christine Ichim assigned to Regen all right, title, and interest in and to the invention described in US
Patent Application Serial No. 13/652,395 relating to methods and compositions for modulating NR2F6 for therapeutic applications.
In particular, methods and compositions comprising modulators of NR2F6 for modulating stem cell growth, proliferation and differentiation
and for treating associated conditions and diseases. As Consideration by Regen to Dr. Ichim for the rights Regen is required to
issue to Dr. Ichim 100,000 of Regen s common shares.  

  On
November 20, 2014 Regen and Dr. Christine Ichim entered into a Consulting Agreement ( Christine Ichim Consulting Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Christine Ichim Consulting Agreement, Dr. Ichim shall invent for Regen the following:  

a)  
         
      Cord
    Blood Small Molecule ( CBSM invention )   

b)  
         
      Cancer
    Small Molecule Ligand Binding ( CSMLB Invention )   

c)  
         
      Cancer
    Small Molecule Alpha helix Inhibitor ( CSMAI Invention )   

and
shall assign to Regen 100% of her right, title, and interest in the above named inventions and any and patent applications filed
for the above named inventions (as well as such rights in any divisions, continuations in whole or part or substitute applications).  

  Consideration
to be paid by Regen to Dr. Ichim pursuant to the Christine Ichim Consulting Agreement shall consist of the following:  

i)  
         
      As
    consideration for the invention, patent prosecution and assignment of all right, title and interest to CBSM invention Dr.
    Ichim shall be issued One Hundred Thousand Common Shares of Regen and Three Thousand Dollars, such shares to be issued and
    dollars to be paid upon the filing with the United States patent and Trademark Office of a provisional applications for patent
    for the CBSM Invention   

ii)  
         
      As
    consideration for the invention, patent prosecution and assignment of all right, title and interest to CSMLB invention Dr.
    Ichim shall be issued One Hundred Thousand Common Shares of Regen and Three Thousand Dollars, such shares to be issued and
    dollars to be paid upon the filing with the United States patent and Trademark Office of a provisional applications for patent
    for the CSMLB Invention   

iii)  
         
      As
    consideration for the invention, patent prosecution and assignment of all right, title and interest to CSMAI invention Dr.
    Ichim shall be issued One Hundred Thousand Common Shares of Regen and Three Thousand Dollars, such shares to be issued and
    dollars to be paid upon the filing with the United States patent and Trademark Office of a provisional applications for patent
    for the CSMAI Invention   

iv)  
         
      As
    consideration for the invention, patent prosecution and assignment of all right, title and interest to CSM170 invention Dr.
    Ichim shall be issued One Hundred Thousand Common Shares of Regen and Three Thousand Dollars, such shares to be issued and
    dollars to be paid upon the filing with the United States patent and Trademark Office of a provisional applications for patent
    for the CSM170 Invention   v) Dr. Ichim shall be entitled to royalties during the term of any patent granted for the
    CBSM invention, CSMLB invention ,CSMAI invention and CSM170 invention of 5% of Net Sales made by Regen of the CBSM invention,
    CSMLB invention ,CSMAI invention and CSM170 invention. Net Sales  means the monetary consideration actually received
    by Company for the transfer of the invention less any of the following items   

(a)  
         
      outbound
    shipping, storage, packing and insurance expenses;   

(b)  
         
      distributor
    discounts;   

(c)  
         
      allowance
    for doubtful accounts or uncollectible accounts receivable;   

(d)  
         
      amounts
    repaid or credited as a result of rejections, defects, or returns   

(e)  
         
      sales
    and other excise taxes (excluding VAT), tariffs, export license fees and duties paid to a governmental entity   

(f)  
         
      sales
    commissions.   

On
December 16, 2014 Dr. Christine Ichim assigned to Regen all right, title, and interest in and to the invention described in US
Patent Application Serial No. 14/571,262  METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF CANCER BY INHIBITION OF NR2F6   

  On
December 17, 2014 Dr. Christine Ichim assigned to Regen all right, title, and interest in and to the invention described in US
Patent Application Serial No. 14/572,574  TREATMENT OF MYELODYSPLASTIC SYNDROME BY INHIBITION OF NR2F6   

  On
December 31, 2014 United States Patent Application No. 14588374 pertaining to the use of molecular interventions to treat myelodysplastic
syndrome (MDS) was filed by Dr. Christine Ichim.  

United
States Patent Application No. 14588374 is a continuation-in-part to pending Non-Provisional U.S. Application Serial Number 13/652,395.
All right, title and interest in and to the invention covered by Non-Provisional U.S. Application Serial Number 13/652,395 was
assigned to Regen BioPharma, Inc. ( Regen ) by Dr. Ichim on November 20, 2014. In addition all right, title and interest
in and to the invention covered by United States Patent Application No. 14588374 is assigned to Regen by Dr. Ichim pursuant to
the November 20, 2014 assignment as Application No. 14588374 is a continuation-in-part to pending Non-Provisional U.S. Application
Serial Number 13/652,395.  

  On
December 31, 2014 United States Patent Application No. 14588373 pertaining to the suppression of the nuclear receptor NR2F2 using
compositions that induce RNA interference for use as cancer stem cell inhibitors as well as cancer stem cell pathway inhibitors
was filed by Dr. Christine Ichim.  

  United
States Patent Application No. 14588373 is a continuation-in-part to pending Non-Provisional U.S. Application Serial Number 13/652,395.
All right, title and interest in and to the invention covered by Non-Provisional U.S. Application Serial Number 13/652,395 was
assigned to Regen BioPharma, Inc. by Dr. Ichim on November 20, 2014. In addition all right, title and interest in and to the invention
covered by United States Patent Application No. 14588373 is assigned to Regen by Dr. Ichim pursuant to the November 20, 2014 assignment
as Application No. 14588373 is a continuation-in-part to pending Non-Provisional U.S. Application Serial Number 13/652,395.  

  On
March 3, 2015 Regen entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Dr. Thomas Ichim whereby Dr. Thomas Ichim would sell,
assign, transfer and set over to Regen all rights, title and interest in and to the invention as described and claimed in the
United States Patent Number: 8,263,571, dated September 11, 2011, titled  Gene Silencing of the Brother of the Regulator
of Imprinted Sites  for consideration consisting of $9,000 and 1,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred stock.  

  On
June 8, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) entered into an agreement with Dr. Santosh Kesari ( Agreement ).  

  Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Agreement  

(a)  
         
      Dr.
    Kesari shall conduct , for the benefit of Regen, certain experiments intended to demonstrate in vitro efficacy of human indolamine
    2,3 deoxygenase small interfering RNA in the human Dendritic Cell in vitro model. These experiments are intended to provide
    a response to requests for information by the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) with regard to
    Investigational New Drug Application ( IND ) #16200 submitted by Regen to the FDA for Regen s planned Phase
    I/II clinical trial assessing safety with signals of efficacy of Regen s dCellVax gene silenced dendritic cell immunotherapy
    for treating breast cancer   
 
      (b)  
         
      Dr.
    Kesari shall assist Regen in the preparation of an IND to be submitted to the FDA with regard to the marketing of Regen s
    proprietary product  DCellVax  as a treatment for gliomas such a assistance to be provided for a period of no
    less than twelve months from the execution date of the Agreement.   
 
  Consideration
to Dr. Kesari shall consist of the following:  

(a)  
         
      Dr.
    Kesari shall receive that number of common shares of Regen, valued as of the closing price on the OTCBB as of the date of
    execution of this Agreement, which shall equal $66,000 USD ( Signing Shares ). One half of the Signing Shares
    to be issued shall be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-8.   

(b)  
         
      Upon
    completion of the studies required to be performed by Dr. Kesari pursuant to the Agreement and successful demonstration of
    silencing of indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase in human dendritic cells Dr. Kesari shall be entitled to receive that number of common
    shares of Regen, valued as of the closing price on the OTCBB as of the date that successful demonstration of silencing is
    presented to Regen by the Dr. Kesari ( Milestone Date ) , which shall equal $66,000 USD ( Milestone Shares ).
     ). One half of the Signing Shares to be issued shall be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-8.   

(c)  
         
      Upon
    the date of submission to the FDA of a response, prepared by the Dr. Kesari, providing evidence of vitro and/or in vivo confirmation
    of efficacy of the human siRNA sequences proposed for the clinical trial with regard to IND# 16200 for a proposed Phase I/II
    clinical trial assessing safety with signals of efficacy of the dCellVax gene silenced dendritic cell immunotherapy for treating
    breast cancer (  Response Date ) Dr. Kesari shall be entitled to receive that number of common shares of Regen,
    valued as of the closing price on the OTCBB as of the Response Date which shall equal $66,000 USD ( Response Date Shares ).
    One half of the Response Date Shares to be issued shall be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-8.   

On
December 15, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with the National
Center for Advancing Translational Sciences ( NCATS ), which is a component of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ),
an agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , pursuant to the following terms and conditions:  

Regen
and NCATS shall collaborate to screen for small molecule compounds that activate or inhibit the orphan nuclear receptor, NR2F6
( Research Project ).  

NR2F6
orphan nuclear receptor cell lines will be provided by Regen.  

NPC
and LOPAC compound libraries will be used to screen this receptor at NCATS.  

Inventions
made in the course of the Research Project will be owned by the Party employing the inventor or inventors. Inventions that are
invented jointly by employees of both Parties will be owned jointly.  

The
Parties, moreover, agree to enter into an inter-institutional agreement with respect to joint inventions, which shall authorize
Regen to have primary control and responsibility for any patenting and commercialization activities and shall be negotiated in
good faith based on the respective parties  contributions to each Joint Invention.  

The
term of this Agreement is for 3 years from December 16, 2015. This Agreement may be extended as mutually agreed by the Parties.
This Agreement may be terminated upon thirty days written notice by the terminating Party to the other Party.  

On
February 16, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Eli Lilly
and Company ( Lily ) . Pursuant to the Agreement, Regen shall become a participant in Lily s Open Innovation
Drug Discovery Program. Pursuant to the Agreement, Regen may submit Structural Information for one or more compounds or mixtures
of compounds for Informatics Screening to generate the Informatics Profile. Lilly will provide Regen with the Informatics Profile.  

   Informatics
Screening  is defined in the Agreement to mean the diversity evaluation, in silico calculations and evaluation of physical
properties and molecular descriptors based upon the Structural Information supplied by Regen to Lilly  

   Informatics
Profile  is defined in the Agreement to mean results from the Informatics Screening diversity evaluation and the results
from the in silico calculations and evaluations of physical properties and molecular descriptors.  

  The
Agreement also grants to Lily an option to negotiate an agreement with Regen including but not restricted to a compound purchase
agreement, a license agreement, or a research collaboration agreement for further research and development of  Material 
(collectively the  Research Opportunities ). The option shall expire sixty (60) days (the  Option Period )
after Lilly has received the  Chemical Structure  for the subject Material from Regen pursuant to a Structure Reveal
Letter. The option may be exercised by Lilly in writing at any time prior to its expiration. The option period may be extended
by mutual written agreement of the parties.  

   Material 
is defined in the Agreement as a physical sample of the compound or mixture of compounds corresponding to the information, in
whatever form, identifying a compound or mixture of compounds submitted by Regen to the OIDD Program for Informatics Screening
Structural Information for which Lilly has requested for evaluation in the Open Innovation Drug Discovery Program ( OIDD )
Program.  

   Chemical
Structure  is defined in the Agreement the chemical name and/or structure of the Material.  

   Structure
Reveal Letter  is defined in the Agreement as written notification by Lilly to Regen requesting the Chemical Structure and
related information of a Material.  

The
term of the Agreement shall commence on February 16, 2016 and shall continue until:  

1.      the
                                         termination of the Open Innovation Drug Discovery Program by Lilly upon thirty (30) days
                                         written notice to Regen;  

2.      termination
                                         by Lilly upon thirty (30) days written notice to Regen;  

3.      replacement
                                         with a revised Program Agreement signed by the parties; or  

4.      the
                                         termination of Regen s participation in the Open Innovation Drug Discovery Program
                                         and the Agreement by thirty (30) days written notice to Lilly.  

On
November 9, 2016 Regen formed Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Regen.  

Principal
Products and Services   

HemaXellarate
I   

Regen
has begun development of HemaXellerate I, a cellular therapy designed to heal damaged bone marrow. HemaXellerate I is a patient-specific
composition of cells that have been demonstrated to repair damaged bone marrow and stimulate production of blood cells based on
previous animal studies. The initial application of HemaXellerate I will be the treatment of severe aplastic anemia which is characterized
by immune-mediated bone marrow hypoplasia (underdevelopment or incomplete development of a tissue) and pancytopenia (reduction
in the number of blood cells and platelets).  

Adipose
tissue is collected from the patient and processed in order to separate, extract and isolate Stromal Vascular Fraction (SVF),
a mix of various cell types including mesenchymal stem cells and endothelial cells. Mesenchymal stem cells are connective tissue
cells that can differentiate into a variety of cell types and endothelial cells are the cells that line the interior surface of
blood vessels and lymphatic vessels and which play a vital role in angiogenesis ( the physiological process through which new
blood vessels form from pre-existing vessels).  

The
isolated SVF is then intravenously administered to the patient. Regen believes that the isolated SVF will generate growth factors
with the ability to repair damaged hematopoietic stem cells. Hematopoietic stem cells are immature cells that can develop into
all types of blood cells, including white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets. Hematopoietic stem cells are found in the
peripheral blood and the bone marrow.  

On
February 5, 2013 Regen filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the United States Food and Drug Administration
( FDA ) to initiate a Phase I clinical trial assessing HemaXellerate I I in patients with drug-refractory aplastic
anemia. The Phase I clinical trial is intended to determine safety and potential efficacy of intravenously administered autologous
SVF cells in patients with severe, immune suppressive refractory aplastic anemia with the primary endpoints of safety and feasibility
and secondary endpoints of efficacy as determined by patients having complete response, partial response or relapse.  

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a previously unapproved drug or biologic intended
to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually
in the United States. Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval
for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a seven year period of marketing exclusivity,
which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for that time period. The sponsor of the
product would also be entitled to a United States federal tax credit equal to 50% of clinical investigation expenses as well as
exemptions from certain fees.  

Regen
believes that this application of HemaXellerate I qualifies for Orphan designation under the Orphan Drug Act due to the fact that
aplastic anemia is a rare disease with prevalence in the United States of less than 200,000 and intends to apply to the FDA for
Orphan designation for HemaXellerate.  

On
December 10, 2015 Regen was informed by the United States Food and Drug Administration that Regen has satisfactorily addressed
all clinical hold issues related to Regen s Investigational New Drug Application for HemaXellerate I and may initiate a
Phase I clinical trial assessing HemaXellerate in patients with drug-refractory aplastic anemia. The Phase I clinical trial is
intended to determine safety and potential efficacy of intravenously administered autologous stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells
in patients with severe, immune suppressive refractory aplastic anemia with the primary endpoints of safety and feasibility and
secondary endpoints of efficacy as determined by patients having complete response, partial response or relapse.  

HemaXellerate
II   

Also
in early stage development by Regen is a version of HemaXellerate called HemaXellerate II.  

HemaXellerate
II is intended to be a universal donor endothelial cell based therapeutic and is intended to be manufactured by obtaining cells
from a part of the placenta called the  vascular lobules . The cells are processed and utilized for the purpose of
stimulating bone marrow hematopoetic stem cell repair and proliferation. The mechanism of action for HemaXellerate II is similar
to HemaXellerate I whereby the harvested and processed cells would produce growth factors which would mediate the therapeutic
effects of the product. Regen has not begun preclinical development of HemaXellerate II as of December 29, 2015.  

The
therapeutic concept behind the HemaXellerate products derives from intellectual property licensed to Regen by Oregon Health 
Science University (US patent No. 6,821,513  Method for enhancing hematopoiesis  issued Nov. 23, 2004) pursuant to
an agreement entered into by the parties on June 5, 2013. This agreement was terminated by mutual consent on August 8, 2013 due
to the fact that US patent No. 6,821,513 had expired due to nonpayment of the required maintenance fees by Oregon Health  
Science University. Regen has been informed by its counsel and believes that the expiration of US patent No. 6,821,513 signifies
that no party can be sued for future infringement based on the patent. Thus Regen is free to practice the claimed methods recited
in the expired patent in the future without being liable for patent infringement based on the patent.  

dCell
Vax    

dCellVax
is intended to be a therapy whereby dendritic cells of the cancer patient are harvested from the body , treated with plasmid DNA
that has the ability to block the dendritic cell from expressing indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase ( IDO ) and subsequently
reimplanted in the cancer patient.  

The
dendritic cells that are treated with the IDO-blocking plasmid become resistant to the influence of tumor cells which produce
factors which cause the dendritic cell to express the IDO. Expression of IDO on the dendritic cell halts the dendritic cell from
activating T cells and causes the dendritic cell to suppress T cells. T lymphocytes ( T cells ) are a lymphocyte that
play a central role in the human immune system s attempt to eradicate tumors. Regen has filed an Investigational New Drug
(IND) application with the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to initiate a Phase I/II clinical trial
assessing safety with signals of efficacy of the dCellVax gene silenced dendritic cell immunotherapy for treating breast cancer.
The proposed trial will recruit 10 patients with metastatic breast cancer and will involve 4 monthly injections of the dCellVax
gene-silenced dendritic cell therapy. The trial is anticipated to l last one year, with tumor assessment before therapy and at
6 and 12 months.  

The
concepts utilized in formulating dCellVax are derived  

(a)  
         
      from
    patented intellectual property acquitted by Regen from Dr. Wei Ping Min which is method directed to the silencing of immunosuppressive
    cancer causing genes using short interfering RNA (siRNA) and which has been granted patent protection under US Patent # 8,389,708   

(b)  
         
      from
    patented intellectual property licensed to Regen by Benitec.   

NR2F6   

Regen
has been assigned intellectual property with regard to the gene NR2F6 . It is believed by Regen that NR2F6 expression leads to
the shutting down of the immune system s natural ability to kill cancerous cells. Regen believes that identification of
a small molecule which could inhibit this receptor would potentially provide an avenue for immunotherapy of cancer.  

Tcellvax   

Tcellvax
is intended to be an autologous cellular product comprised of NR2F6 gene-silenced peripheral blood mononuclear cells. It has been
demonstrated that mice genetically deficient for NR2F6 are capable of immunologically rejecting tumors. Regen has filed an Investigational
New Drug (IND) application with the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to initiate a clinical trial
..The proposed clinical trial would be a single center, open label, non-randomized Phase I/II trial to test the safety and efficacy
of autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells that have been gene-silenced for NR2F6 using short interfering RNA (siRNA)  

Small
Molecules   

Regen
is also actively identifying small molecules via a high throughput screening program that inhibit NR2F6 leading to immune cell
activation for oncology applications.  

On
December 15, 2015 Regen entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with the National Center for Advancing Translational
Sciences ( NCATS ), which is a component of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ), an agency of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services whereby Regen and NCATS shall collaborate to screen for small molecule compounds
that activate or inhibit the orphan nuclear receptor, NR2F6.  

Regen
will be required to obtain approval from the FDA in order to market any of Regen s products or therapies. No approval has
been granted by the FDA for the marketing and sale of any of Regen s products and therapies and no assurance may be given
that any of Regen s products or therapies will be granted such approval. Regen s current plans include the development
of regenerative medical applications up to the point of successful completion of Phase I and/ or Phase II clinical trials after
which we would either attempt to sell or license those developed applications or, alternatively, advance the application further
to Phase III clinical trials. We can provide no assurance that Regen will be able to sell or license any product or that, if such
product is sold or licensed, such sale or license will be on terms favorable to Regen.  

Distribution
methods of the products or services:   

It
is anticipated that Regen will enter into licensing and/or sublicensing agreements with outside entities in order that Regen may
obtain royalty income on the products and services which it may develop and commercialize.  

Competitive
business conditions and Regen's competitive position in the industry and methods of competition   

Regen
is recently formed and has yet to achieve revenues or profits. The pharmaceutical and biologics industries in which we intend
to compete are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological advancement. Many of our competitors have greater resources
than we do.  

Regen
intends to be competitive by utilizing the services and advice of individuals that Regen believes have expertise in their field
in order that Regen can concentrate its resources on projects in which products and services in which Regen has the greatest potential
to secure a competitive advantage may be developed and commercialized .  

To
that effect, Regen has established a Scientific Advisory Board of (the Advisory Board) comprised of individuals who we believe
have a high level of expertise in their professional fields and who have agreed to provide counsel and assistance to Regen in
(a) determining the viability of proposed projects (b) obtaining financing for projects and (c) obtaining the resources required
to initiate and complete a project in the most cost effective and rapid manner.  

  Members
of the Advisory Board include as follows:  

Dr.
Weiping Min, M.D., PhD  

Dr.
Min is currently a Professor, Department of Surgery at the University of Western Ontario. Dr. Min obtained his MD from Jiangxi
Medical University, China, in 1983 and his Ph.D.in Immunology from Kyushu University, Japan.  

Dr.
Min has completed postdoctoral training at the Department of Medical Microbiology and Immunology, University of Alberta and the
Department of Immunology, University of Toronto.  

Dr.
Min has served on the Advisory Board since May 20, 2012. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Bio Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. ( BMSN ) has agreed to issue to Dr. Min 200,000 of the
common shares of BMSN.  

David
James Graham White, M.D., Ph.D.  

Dr.
White currently serves as Novartis/Stiller Professor of Xenotransplantation at the University of Western Ontario ( to which he
was appointed in 2000) and is a member of British Transplantation Society, the British Society of Immunologists, the Transplantation
Society, the European Society of Organ Transplantation, the Royal College of Pathologists and the Athenaeum. Dr. White obtained
a B.Sc. degree from the University of Surrey and M.D. and Ph.D. degrees from Cambridge University.  

Dr.
White has served on the Advisory Board since May 20, 2012. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, BMSN has agreed to issue to Dr. White 200,000 of the common shares of BMSN.  

David
A. Suhy, PhD  

Dr.
Suhy currently serves as Vice President of Research and Development at Tacere Therapeutics, a position he has held since October
2012. From April 2008 to October 2012 Dr. Suhy served as Director of Research and Development at Tacere Therapeutics. Dr. Suhy
was one of the inventors of Tacere Therapeutics  TT-033 and has directed development of the TT-03x series of compounds which
target the Hepatitis C virus (HCV) through to Investigational New Drug enabling studies.  

Dr.
Suhy obtained a Bachelor s Degree in biochemistry from the University of Pittsburgh in 1990 and a PhD in Biochemistry, Molecular
Biology and Cell Biology from Northwestern University in 1996. Dr. Suhy conducted his post-doctoral work at Stanford University
(Post Doctoral Fellow, Microbiology   Immunology) between 1996 and 1999.  

Dr.
Suhy has served on the Advisory Board since September 11, 2013. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, BMSN has agreed to issue to Dr. White 500,000 of the common shares of BMSN.  

Dr.
Amit Patel, MD MS  

Dr.
Patel currently serves as an associate professor in the Division of Cardiothoracic Surgery at the University of Utah School of
Medicine and Director of Clinical Regenerative Medicine and Tissue Engineering at the University of Utah and and been involved
in over 17 FDA trials in the area of cellular therapy.  

Dr.
Patel has served on the Advisory Board since October 12, 2014. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Patel 136,000 common shares of Regen.  

Dr.
Boris Minev, MD  

Dr.
Minev is Director of Immunotherapy and Translational Oncology at Genelux Corporation studying the phenotype and characterization
of metastasized cancer stem cells in circulation. Dr. Minev previously worked as the Principal Investigator at the Laboratory
of Tumor Immunology and Immunotherapy at the Moores UCSD Cancer Center  

Dr.
Minev has served on the Advisory Board since March 17,2015. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Minev 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

Dr.
Hinrich Gronemeyer  

Dr.
Hinrich Gronemeyer is a research director at the Institute of Genetics, Cellular   Molecular Biology (IGBMC) in Strasbourg-Illkirch. Dr.
Gronemeyer is a Research Director (Class 'Exceptional') of the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research (INSERM)
and was Privatdozent at the University Karlsruhe. Hinrich Gronemeyer had extensive collaborations with the pharmaceutical
industry (Bristol Myers Squibb, Roussel-Uclaf, Schering AG, etc.) and has been involved in evaluations and brainstormings of several
major companies. His 189 publications received an average citation of 83.34 and an h-factor of 59.   

Lorraine
J. Gudas, PhD  

Dr.
Gudas is Chairman and Revlon Pharmaceutical Professor of Pharmacology and Toxicology of the Department of Pharmacology at Weill
Cornell Medical College and is recognized as one of the world experts on nuclear receptors.  

Dr.
Gudas is a member of the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics and a Fellow of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science. She has served a term as an elected member of the Board of Directors of the American Association
of Cancer Research and as chair of the Board of Scientific Counselors of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and
Kidney Disorders as well as the Board of Scientific Counselors of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. She has served
as a member of the external advisory boards of three Cancer Centers: The Vermont Cancer Center, The Lineberger Cancer Center of
U.N.C. Chapel Hill, and the University of Maryland Greenebaum Cancer Center. In 1999 she received the 2nd Annual  Women in
Cancer Research  award from the American Association of Cancer Research. She is on the Editorial Boards of a number of journals,
including Molecular Cancer Therapeutics, Molecular and Cellular Biology, Molecular Cancer Research and the Journal of Biological
Chemistry. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr.
Gudas 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

Rohit
Duggal, PhD,  

  Dr.
Dugal has 17 years of professional experience in the drug discovery field having worked at Pfizer as a leader of the cancer stem
cell group. Dr. Duggal has experience in translating small molecules into clinical candidates, including development of Filibuvir,
for which he was granted thePfizer Achievement Award. At Genelux Corp he established cancer stem cell program which aimed at utilization
of viruses to selectively target cancer initiating cells. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Dugal 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

Dr.
Jonathan Baell, PhD  

  Dr.
Baell is a professor or Medicinal Chemist at Monash University (Australia). Dr. Baell is a Larkins Fellow, Co-Director of the
Australian Translational Medicinal Chemistry Facility and an NHMRC Senior Research Fellow, at Monash Institute of Pharmaceutical
Sciences (MIPS).  

  Dr.
Baell has served on the Advisory Board since August 5, 2015. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Baell 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

  William
S. Blaner, PhD  

  Dr.
Blaner is Professor of Nutritional Sciences at Columbia University where he studies the metabolism and actions of retinoids.  

  Dr.
Santosh Kesari, MD PhD  

  Dr.
Kesari is Director of the Neuro-Oncology Program, the Neurotoxicity Treatment Center, and the Translational Neuro-Oncology Laboratories
at Moores Cancer Center and serves as Professor of Neurosciences at the UCSD School of Medicine.As consideration for agreeing
to serve as a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred
Stock to Dr. Kesari.  

Louise
Purton, PhD:  

Dr.
Purdon is Associate Professor at the St. Vincent's Institute of Medical Research at the University of Melbourne, Co-Head of the
Stem Cell Regulation Unit and Associate Director at the Institute.  

  Ralph
Nachman, M.D.  

  Dr.
Nachman, a hematologist, is a member of the Institute of Medicine and is a University Professor and former Chairman of Medicine
at NY Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center.  

  Dr.
Nachman has served on the Advisory Board since November 13, 2015. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Nachman 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

Helen
Sabzevari, Ph.D.  

  Dr.
Sabzevari previously served as senior vice president and head of immuno-oncology, global research and early development at EMD
Serono,Inc. Dr, Sabzevari is the co-founder of Compass Therapeutics, which is an antibody discovery and development company.  

  Stefano
Bertuzzi, PhD, MPH  

  Dr.
Bertuzzi, is currently the Executive Director of the American Society for Cell Biology and has been named Executive Director and
CEO of the American Society for Microbiology, effective January 4, 2016. Before leading the American Society for Cell Biology,
Dr. Bertuzzi was a senior scientific executive at the National Institutes of Health where he served as Director of the Office
of Science Policy, Planning, and Communications, and as a science policy advisor to the NIH Director.  

  Dr.Bertuzzi
has served on the Advisory Board since October 14, 2015. As consideration for agreeing to serve as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board of Regen, Regen has issued to Dr. Bertuzzi 100,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock.  

Sources
and availability of raw materials and the names of principal suppliers   

The
supplies and materials required to conduct our operations are available through a wide variety of sources and may be obtained
through a wide variety of sources.  

Patents,
trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts, including duration   

   Patents:   

The
following is a list of patents to which a license has been granted to Regen pursuant to the Benitec Agreement:  

Regen
has also been assigned the following patents.  

  US
Patent #8389708  

  METHOD
OF CANCER TREATMENT USING SIRNA SILENCING 
 
The present invention is a method for the treatment of cancer involving tumor derived immunosuppression in a subject. The method
comprises administering to a subject one or more siRNA constructs capable of inhibiting the expression of an immunosuppressive
molecule. The invention also provides siRNA constructs and compositions.  

  US
Patent #9091696  
 
MODULATION OF NR2F6 AND METHODS AND USES THEREOF 
 
The application provides methods of modulating NR2F6 in a cell or animal in need thereof by administering an effective amount
of a NR2F6 modulator.  

  US
Patent #8263571  

  Gene
silencing of the brother of the regulator of imprinted sites (BORIS)  

   Trademarks:   

Regen
has been granted a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the following marks based on intent
to use:  

DCELLVAX
for pharmaceutical products for the prevention and treatment of cancer;  

HEMAXELLERATE
for biological tissue, namely, blood, stem cells, umbilical cords and placentas for scientific and medical research use.  

Royalty
Agreements:   

  Other
than obligations to make royalty payments pursuant to the Benitec Agreement and Christine Ichim Consulting Agreement neither of
the Company or   Regen is party to no agreements which would require Regen to pay a royalty or license
fee.    

  Other
than pursuant to that agreement by and between Regen and Zander Therapeutics, Inc. neither the Company or Regen is party to no
binding agreement which would require payments of any royalties or license fees to Regen.  

   Need
for any government approval of principal products or services, effect of existing or probable governmental regulations on the
business.   

The
US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and foreign regulatory authorities will regulate our proposed products as
drugs or biologics, , depending upon such factors as the use to which the product will be put, the chemical composition, and the
interaction of the product on the human body. In the United States, products that are intended to be introduced into the body
will generally be regulated as drugs, while tissues and cells intended for transplant into the human body will be generally be
regulated as biologics.  

Our
domestic human drug and biological products will be subject to rigorous FDA review and approval procedures. After testing in animals,
an Investigational New Drug Application ( IND ) must be filed with the FDA to obtain authorization for human testing.
Extensive clinical testing, which is generally done in three phases, must then be undertaken at a hospital or medical center to
demonstrate optimal use, safety, and efficacy of each product in humans.  

Phase
I  

Phase
1 trials are designed to assess the safety (pharmacovigilance), tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of a drug.
These trials are often conducted in an inpatient clinic, where the subject can be observed by full-time staff. The subject who
receives the drug is usually observed until several half-lives of the drug have passed. Phase I trials normally include dose-ranging,
also called dose escalation, studies so that the appropriate dose for therapeutic use can be found. The tested range of doses
usually are a fraction of the dose that causes harm in animal testing and involve a small group of healthy volunteers. However,
there are some circumstances when real patients are used, such as patients who have end-stage disease and lack other treatment
options.  

Phase
II  

Phase
II trials are designed to assess how well the drug or biologic works, as well as to continue Phase I safety assessments in a larger
group of volunteers and patients. Phase II trials are performed on larger groups.  

Phase
III  

Phase
III trials are aimed at being the definitive assessment of how effective the product is in comparison with current best standard
treatment and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling. Phase III trials may also be conducted for the purposes of
(i)  label expansion  (to show the product works for additional types of patients/diseases beyond the original use for
which the drug was approved for marketing or (ii) to obtain additional safety data, or to support marketing claims for the product.  

On
occasion Phase IV (Post Approval) trials may be required by the FDA. Phase IV trials involve the safety surveillance (pharmacovigilance)
and ongoing technical support of a drug after it receives permission to be sold.The safety surveillance is designed to detect
any rare or long-term adverse effects over a much larger patient population and longer time period than was possible during the
Phase I-III clinical trials.  

All
phases, must be undertaken at a hospital or medical center to demonstrate optimal use, safety, and efficacy of each product in
humans. Each clinical study is conducted under the auspices of an independent Institutional Review Board ( IRB ).
The IRB will consider, among other things, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects, and the possible liability of the institution.
The time and expense required to perform this clinical testing can far exceed the time and expense of the research and development
initially required to create the product. No action can be taken to market any therapeutic product in the United States until
an appropriate New Drug Application ( NDA ) or Biologic License Application ( BLA ) or has been approved
by the FDA. FDA regulations also restrict the export of therapeutic products for clinical use prior to NDA or BLA approval.  

Even
after initial FDA approval has been obtained, further studies may be required to provide additional data on safety or to gain
approval for the use of a product as a treatment for clinical indications other than those initially targeted. In addition, use
of these products during testing and after marketing could reveal side effects that could delay, impede, or prevent FDA marketing
approval, resulting in FDA-ordered product recall, or in FDA-imposed limitations on permissible  

The
FDA regulates the manufacturing process of pharmaceutical products, and human tissue and cell products, requiring that they be
produced in compliance with Current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) . The FDA also regulates the content of
advertisements used to market pharmaceutical products. Generally, claims made in advertisements concerning the safety and efficacy
of a product, or any advantages of a product over another product, must be supported by clinical data filed as part of an NDA
or an amendment to an NDA, and statements regarding the use of a product must be consistent with the FDA approved labeling and
dosage information for that product.  

Sales
of drugs and biologics outside the United States are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country
to country. Even if FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product by comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries
must be obtained prior to the commencement of marketing the product in those countries. The time required to obtain such approval
may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval.  

Regen
has filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the FDA to initiate clinical trials assessing the company s
HemaXellerate I drug currently in development in patients with drug-refractory aplastic anemia. Regen has also filed an IND to
initiate a Phase I/II clinical trial assessing safety with signals of efficacy of the dCellVax gene silenced dendritic cell immunotherapy
for treating breast cancer. The clinical trials for which the INDs were submitted may not commence until approval to commence
such trials has been granted to Regen by the FDA. On December 10, 2015 the Company was informed by the United States Food and
Drug Administration that Regen has satisfactorily addressed all clinical hold issues related to Regen s Investigational
New Drug Application for HemaXellerate and may initiate a Phase I clinical trial assessing HemaXellerate I in patients with drug-refractory
aplastic anemia. The Phase I clinical trial is intended to determine safety and potential efficacy of intravenously administered
autologous stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells in patients with severe, immune suppressive refractory aplastic anemia with the
primary endpoints of safety and feasibility and secondary endpoints of efficacy as determined by patients having complete response,
partial response or relapse.  

   Amount
spent during the last fiscal year on research and development activities   

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 we expended $ 671,093 on research and development activities.  

Costs
and effects of compliance with environmental laws (federal, state and local)   

  We
have not incurred any unusual or significant costs to remain in compliance with any environmental laws and does not expect to
incur any unusual or significant costs to remain in compliance with any environmental laws in the foreseeable future.  

   Number
of total employees and number of full-time employees   

  As
of December 29, 2014, the Company and Regen collectively have 4 employees of which 4 are full time.  

   Item
2. Properties   

  On
October 1, 2014 Regen   entered into an agreement to sublease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space from Entest
Biomedical, Inc. Entest Biomedical Inc. is under common control with Bio Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. as our Chairman and CEO
also serves as the Chairman and CEO of Entest Biomedical, Inc. The sublease was on a month to month basis and rent payable to
Entest Biomedical Inc by Regen was equal to the rent payable to the lessor by Entest Biomedical Inc and is to be paid in at such
time specified in accordance with the original lease agreement between Entest Biomedical Inc and the lessor. On January 20, 2015
the sublease was amended retroactive to January 1, 2015 as follows:  

  The
rent payable to Entest BioMedical, Inc. by the subtenant is equal to Five Thousand Dollars per month ($5,000) and is to be paid
in at such time specified in accordance with the original lease agreement between the Entest BioMedical, Inc. ( Entest )
and the lessor. All charges for utilities connected with premises which are to be paid under the master lease shall be paid by
Regen Biopharma, Inc. for the term of this sublease to the extent that such charges exceed the difference between the rent payable
to the lessor by Entest under the master lease and the rent payable to Entest by Regen Biopharma, Inc.  

  This
property is utilized as office space. The property is utilized as office space. We believe that the foregoing properties are adequate
to meet our current needs for office space.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings   

  As
of December 21, 2016, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or of which any of the Company s
property is the subject.   

  On
April 12, 2013 a complaint (Complaint) was filed in the U.S. District Court Southern District of the State of new York against
the Company, the Company s Chairman and Does 1-50 by Star city Capital, LLC ( Plaintiff ) alleging securities
fraud, common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duties and breach of contract in connection with the
issuance of. The Plaintiff is also request declaratory relief from the Court.  

  The
action arises from the issuance and subsequent cancellation of 103,030,303 of the company s common shares in satisfaction
of $17,000 of convertible indebtedness of the Company held by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff alleges that a cancellation notice
sent by them to the Company s transfer agent was meant to instruct the Transfer Agent simply to cancel the physical certificate
in order that an equivalent number of shares may be transferred via DWAC to the Plaintiff s stockbroker for the benefit
of the Plaintiff. DWAC is the acronym for Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian. The DWAC transaction system run by The Depository Trust
Company (a.k.a. DTC or CEDE   CO) permits brokers and custodial banks, the DTC participants, to request the movement of shares
to or from the issuer s transfer agent electronically. A DWAC results in the crediting or debiting of shares to or from
DTC s book-entry account on the records of the issuer maintained by the transfer agent.  

  The
Company believes that the cancellation notice sent by the Plaintiff clearly represents a cancellation of the conversion notice
itself.  

  The
convertible indebtedness held by the Plaintiff was convertible at Holder s demand into the common shares of the Company s
stock at a conversion price per share equal to 55% (the  Discount ) of the lowest closing bid price for the Company s
common stock during the 5 trading days immediately preceding a conversion date, as reported by Bloomberg (the  Closing Bid
Price ); provided that if the closing bid price for the common stock on the date in which the conversion shares are deposited
into Holder s brokerage account and confirmation has been received that Holder may execute trades of the conversion shares
( Clearing Date) is lower than the Closing Bid Price, then the purchase price for the conversion shares would be adjusted such
that the Discount shall be taken from the closing bid price on the Clearing Date, and the Company shall issue additional shares
to Purchaser to reflect such adjusted Purchase Price( Reset ). The Company and the Plaintiff had agreed on a limitation
on conversion equal to 9.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock.  

  On
February 2, 2015 Plaintiff and the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release to fully and finally
resolve the aforementioned legal action pursuant to the following terms and conditions:  

(a)  
      Within
    seven business days of the Company s transfer agent s receipt of an appropriate opinion of counsel, the Company
    shall deliver to Starcity or its designee or assignee (which designation or assignment shall be provided in writing) via DWAC,
    103,030,303 of the common shares of the Company , it being the agreement of the parties that such issuance shall constitute
    full and complete satisfaction of $17,000 due to Starcity by the Company.   

(b)  
      The
    Company shall deliver to Starcity a non interest bearing Convertible Note in the face amount of $300,000 ( Note )
    due and payable April 1, 2016.   

The
Holder of this Note is entitled, at its option, at any time after 180 days after the date that consideration of $52,500 is paid
to the Company to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of the Company's
common stock (the  Common Stock ) at a price ( Conversion Price ) for each share of Common Stock equal to
the greater of  

(i)  
      fifty
    five percent (55%) (the  Discount'') of the lowest closing bid price for the Company's common stock during the five (5)
    trading days immediately preceding a conversion date, as reported by Bloomberg (the  Closing Bid Price ) ( Initial
    Conversion Price ) or   

Other
than as provided in 5(p) of the Note ), the Holder shall not have the right to convert its debt into shares which, when added
to such Holder s other holdings in the Company stock, shall have caused such Holder to hold more than to hold more than
9.99% of the Company's outstanding common stock. Section 5(p) of the Note states that:  

  Upon
:  

(i)      a
                                         transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any person in a
                                         single transaction or series of related transactions,  

(ii)      a
                                         reclassification, capital reorganization or other change or exchange of outstanding shares
                                         of the Common Stock, or  

(iii)      any
                                         consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another person or entity in which
                                         the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a merger which is effected solely
                                         to change the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company and results in a reclassification,
                                         conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of Common Stock solely into shares of Common
                                         Stock)  

then,
in each case, Holder may convert the unpaid principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such
event at the Conversion Price.  

  In
the event that Starcity fails to fund the Note by making a payment of $52,500 to the Company on or before April 1, 2015, the Company s
obligations under this Note shall be terminated, cancelled and relinquished.  

  As
of December 5, 2016 the Note has been fully converted into the common shares of the Company.  

Item
4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders   

  No
matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders, through
the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.  

PART
II    

   Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   

  The
Company s common stock is a  penny stock,  as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules
require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market.
The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of
the broker-dealer and its sales person in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that the broker-dealer, not otherwise exempt
from such rules, must make a special written determination that the penny stock is suitable for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure rules have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. So long as the common stock of the Company
is subject to the penny stock rules, it may be more difficult to sell common stock of the Company.  

  Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTC Market  under the symbol  BMSN . Prior to January 2011 the primary
market for the Company s common shares was the OTCBB. Prior to September 5, 2006 our Common Stock traded under the symbol
 THII . Below is the range of high and low bid information for our common equity for each quarter within the last two
fiscal years as reported by Commodity Systems Inc. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions.  

The
stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of December 20 , 2016:  

Preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized:   

2,063,821 Preferred
Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned by such holder times
one (1).  

  On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets of the
Corporation.  

94,852
Series AA Preferred Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series AA Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock owned by such
holder times ten thousand (10,0000).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series AA Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.  

40,000
Series AAA Preferred Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.   

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series AA Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock owned by such
holder times one hundred thousand (100,0000).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series AA Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.   

725,409
Series B Preferred Shares, Par Value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned by such holder
times two (2).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.    

Non
Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, $1.00 Par value, 200,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding   

Each
Non Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall convert at the option of the holder into shares of the corporation s common
stock at a conversion price equal to seventy percent (70%) of the lowest Closing Price for the five (5) trading days immediately
preceding written receipt by the corporation of the holder s intent to convert.  

CLOSING
PRICE  shall mean the closing bid price for the corporation s common stock on the Principal Market on a Trading Day
as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P.  

PRINCIPAL
MARKET  shall mean the principal trading exchange or market for the corporation s common stock.  

TRADING
DAY  shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Non Voting Convertible
Preferred shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the
assets of the Corporation.  

Common
stock, $ 0.0001 par value; 8,000,000,000 shares authorized:   6,956,855,636 shares issued and outstanding.   

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to
cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock owned by such holder times one (1).  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

   Bio
Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.    

   Common
Shares:   

  On
October 2, 2016 the Company issued 382,657,778 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $63,138 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating that
the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale
of the Shares.  

On
December 15, 2015 the Company issued 273,476,806 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $30,082 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating that
the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale
of the Shares.  

On
February 5, 2016 the Company issued 139,132,221 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $13,913 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.  

On
February 16, 2016 the Company issued 203,411,136 of its Common Shares( Shares ) in satisfaction of $20,341 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.  

On
March 1, 2016 the Company issued 227,639,088 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $22,763 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.  

On
May 6, 2016 the Company issued 287138354 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $28,713 of convertible
indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.  

On
December 5, 2016 the Company Issued 401,275,700 Common Shares ( Shares) in satisfaction of $ 40,127 of indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares  

   Regen
Biopharma, Inc.   

Common
Shares   

  On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 3,333,334 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $166,667.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 2,200,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $55,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 29, 2015 Regen issued 4,000,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $100,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
January 28, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $100,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
January 29, 2016 Regen issued 30,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $750.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
February 2, 2016 Regen issued 270,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares )for cash consideration of $6,750.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 666,666 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $33,333.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
May 9, 2016 Regen issued 700,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $14,000 of principal indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.   

On
May 23, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares )for cash consideration of $12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
June 6, 2016 Regen issued 3,500,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $118,750.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
June 15, 2016 Regen issued 1,095,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $13,687.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
August 17, 2016 Regen issued 3,966,667 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $109,000 of principal indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.   

On
September 8, 2016 Regen issued 197,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares )as consideration for nonemployee services  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
September 13, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $6,250.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
September 14, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 of its Common Shares ( Shares )as consideration for nonemployee services  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $12,500  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $16,667  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $37,500  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $12,500  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $37,500  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,700,000 shares of its common stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $42,500  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares   

Series
A Preferred Stock   

On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 1,666,667 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$83,333.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 11,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )to Dr. Harry Lander, Regen s
President and Chief Scientific Officer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of that employment agreement entered into by and
between Dr. Lander and Regen dated October 9, 2015.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 2,200,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )  

  for
cash consideration of $55,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 400,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) as consideration for nonemployee
services.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 29, 2015 Regen issued 4,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration
of $100,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
January 28, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
January 29, 2016 Regen issued 300,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$7,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 333,333 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of
$16,666.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
March 22, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $37,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
April 7, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) in satisfaction of $10,000
of principal indebtedness.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares.   

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to David Koos, Regen s Chief Executive Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Koos with regards to addressing
all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s Investigational
New Drug Application for HemaXellerate..  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to Harry Lander , Regen s President and Chief Scientific Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Lander with regards
to addressing all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s
Investigational New Drug Application for HemaXellerate.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to Todd Caven , Regen s Chief Financial Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Caven with regards to addressing
all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s Investigational
New Drug Application for HemaXellerate   

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
May 23, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of $37,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
June 6, 2016 Regen issued 5,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $106,250.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.    

On
June 15, 2016 Regen issued 3,285,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of $41,062.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
July 27, 2016 Regen issued 100,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )as consideration for nonemployee
services  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
August 16, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of
$25,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
August 22, 2016 Regen issued 4,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration of
$50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
September 13, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares )for cash consideration
of $18,750.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration
of $33,333.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration
of $37,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration
of $37500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,700,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration
of $42,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

  On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$50,000.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) for cash consideration of
$12,500.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). No underwriters
were retained to serve as placement agents for the sale. The shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or
other consideration was paid in connection with the sale of the shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made
in connection with this Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating
that the Shares have not been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
sale of the Shares.   

Convertible
Debt   

On
March 8, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $100,000 for
consideration consisting of $100,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 8% per annum . The maturity of the Note
is three years from the issue date.  

The
Note was issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve as
placement agents for the sale. The Note was sold directly through our management.  No commission or other consideration
was paid in connection with the sale of the Note. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of the Note.  

The
Note contained a provision that until such time as the shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note  that has
not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a restrictive legend.  

On
April 6, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000 for
consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 8% per annum . The maturity of the Note
is three years from the issue date.  

The
Note was issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve as
placement agents for the sale. The Note was sold directly through our management.  No commission or other consideration
was paid in connection with the sale of the Note. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of the Note.  

The
Note contained a provision that until such time as the shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note  that has
not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a restrictive legend.   

On
August 26, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Note was issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve as
placement agents for the sale. The Note was sold directly through our management.  No commission or other consideration
was paid in connection with the sale of the Note. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of the Note.  

The
Note contained a provision that until such time as the shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note  that has
not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a restrictive legend.  

On
September 8, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Note was issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve as
placement agents for the sale. The Note was sold directly through our management.  No commission or other consideration
was paid in connection with the sale of the Note. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of the Note.  

The
Note contained a provision that until such time as the shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note  that has
not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a restrictive legend.  

On
September 20, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Note was issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve as
placement agents for the sale. The Note was sold directly through our management.  No commission or other consideration
was paid in connection with the sale of the Note. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of the Note.  

The
Note contained a provision that until such time as the shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of stock issuable upon conversion of the Note  that has
not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a restrictive legend.  

Use
of Proceeds   

With
regard to all securities sold for cash consideration described above, Cash proceeds received from sale will be utilized by Regen
for general corporate purposes  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data   

As
we are a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), we are not required to provide the information
required by this Item.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

  As
of September 30, 2015 we had Cash on Hand of $76,355 and as of September 30, 2016 we had Cash on Hand of $ 27,712  

  The
decrease in Cash of approximately 63.7% is attributable to funds expended in the operation of the Company s business offset
by:  

(c)  
      Series A Preferred
    Stock of Regen sold for cash consideration of $628,563   

(d)  
       $50,000
        deposited with Regen by an unaffiliated investor pursuant to an agreement ( Agreement ) whereby the investor
        agreed to buy and Regen agreed to sell 1,000,000 Units for consideration of $50,000. Each Unit issuable pursuant to the
        Agreement shall consist of one share of Regen s common stock and three shares of Regen s Series A Preferred
        Stock. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 the outside investor paid consideration to Regen of $50,000 for One
        Million Units. As of September 30, 2016 the securities issuable pursuant to the Agreement have not been issued.    

As
of September 30, 2016 we had Accounts Receivable of $ 83,000 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accounts Receivable of $0.  

The
increase in Accounts Receivable is attributable to the recognition by Regen of $100,000 in revenue during the quarter ended September
30,2016 such revenue consisting of a $100,000 fee ( Fee ) due and payable to Regen by Zander Therapeutics, Inc. pursuant
to the terms and conditions of an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander ) whereby
Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization of certain intellectual
property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years
offset by a partial payment of $17,000 paid to Regen by Zander during the quarter ended September 30,2016. Zander is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc. Regen, Zander and Entest Biomedical, Inc. are under common control.  

As
of September 30, 2015 we had Prepaid Expenses of $25,000 and as of September 30, 2016 we had Prepaid Expenses of $84,905  

  The
increase in Prepaid Expenses of approximately 239% is primarily attributable to:  

(a)  
      Recognition of the
    fair market value of stock that was issued to a consultant to Regen as prepayment for services to be rendered, such fair market
    value being $68,905,    

Offset
by:  

$10,000
of salary prepaid to Regen s former Chief Scientific Officer having been reclassified during the quarter ended December
31, 2015 as amounts Due from Former Employee as a result of the resignation of Regen s former Chief Scientific Officer during
the quarter ended December 31, 2015  

  As
of September 30, 2016 we had Accrued Interest Receivable of $2,578 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accrued Interest Receivable
of $1,381.  

The
increase in Accrued Interest Receivable of 86.6 is attributable to interest accrued but not yet paid on funds loaned to Entest
Biomedical, Inc. by Regen.  

As
of September 30 2016 we had Amounts Due from Former Employee of $15,000 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Amounts Due from Former
Employee of $0.  

The
increase in Amounts Due from Former Employee is attributable to:  

$10,000
of salary prepaid to Regen s former Chief Scientific Officer having been reclassified during the quarter ended December
31, 2015 as amounts Due from Former Employee as a result of the resignation of Regen s former Chief Scientific Officer during
the quarter ended December 31, 2015.  

$5,000
overpayment of salary due to Regen s former Chief Scientific Officer during the quarter ended December 31, 2015.  

As
of September 30, 2016 we had Available for Sale Securities of $112,933 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Available for Sale
Securities of $159,720  

The
decrease in Available for Sale Securities of 29.9 % is attributable to unrealized losses recognized on common shares of Entest
Biomedical, Inc. owned by the Company and Regen.  

As
of September 30, 2015 we had Accounts Payable of $167,977 and as of September 30, 2016 we had Accounts Payable of 382,882.  

  The
increase in Accounts Payable of approximately 129% is primarily attributable to increases in outstanding obligations Regen incurred
in the course of business.  

  As
of September 30, 2015 we had Notes Payable of $400,336 and as of September 30, 2016 we had Notes Payable of $344,433.  

  The
decrease in Notes Payable of approximately 13.9% is primarily attributable to the settlement of 133,000 of principal indebtedness
through the issuance of equity securities during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 offset by $77,097 of net principal
borrowings during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.  

  As
of September 30, 2016, we had Accrued Payroll of $1,071,090 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accrued Payroll of $738,095  

  The
increase in Accrued Payroll of approximately 45% is attributable to :  

(b)  
      $94,500
    in salary expense due to  Regen s Chief Financial Officer incurred but unpaid during the twelve months ended
    September 30, 2016   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had Accrued Payroll Tax of $81,541 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accrued Payroll Tax of $44,485   

  The
increase in Accrued Payroll Taxes of approximately 83% is attributable to recognition by Regen of employer tax obligations incurred
but unpaid.  

  As
of September 30, 2016 we had Amounts due to Shareholder of $50,000 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Amounts Due to Shareholder
of $0.  

  Amount
due to Shareholder of $50,000 as of September 30, 2016 is attributable to the following:  

  On
July 13, 2016 Regen entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with an outside investor whereby the investor agreed to
buy and Regen agreed to sell 1,000,000 Units for consideration of $50,000. Each Unit issuable pursuant to the Agreement shall
consist of one share of Regen s common stock and three shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock. During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 the outside investor paid consideration to Regen of $50,000 for One Million Units. As of September 30,
2016 the securities issuable pursuant to the Agreement have not been issued.  

As
of September 30, 2016 we had Accrued Rent of $15,000 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accrued Rent of $10,000.  

The
increase in Accrued Rent of 50% is attributable to Rental Expenses accrued but unpaid for the months of July 2016, August 2016,
and September 2016.  

  As
of September 30, 2016 we had Accrued Interest of $379,101 and as of September 30, 2015 we had Accrued Interest of $324,750.  

The
increase in Accrued Interest of approximately 16.7% is attributable to interest expense on Notes Payable and Convertible Notes
Payable incurred during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 but not yet paid.  

Material
Changes in Results of Operations   

  Revenues
from continuing operations were $192,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and $100,000 for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016. Net losses were$54,090,319 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and $8,456,754 for the same year ended 2016.  

The
decrease in Net Losses of approximately 83% is primarily attributable to the recognition during the year ended September 30, 2015
of an Other than Temporary Impairment of $41,333,361 on common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc. owned by the Company and classified
as Available for Sale securities.  

As
of September 30, 2016 we had $27,712 cash on hand and current liabilities of $2,459,929 such liabilities consisting of Accounts
Payable, Notes Payable, Amounts Due to Shareholder and Accrued Expenses. We feel we will not be able to satisfy our cash requirements
over the next twelve months and shall be required to seek additional financing.  

The
Company plans to meet cash needs through applying for governmental and non-governmental grants as well as selling its securities
for cash. Management has yet to decide what type of offering the Company will use or how much capital the Company will raise.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through any type of offerings. Management can give no
assurance that any governmental or non-governmental grant will be obtained by the Company despite the Company s best efforts.
As of February 19, 2014 Regen has identified the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute Clinical Trial Pilot Studies (R34) grant
which provides up to $450,000 in funding over a period of three years as well as the Omnibus Solicitation of the NIH for Small
Business Technology Transfer Grant Applications administered by the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program of the National
Institute of Health as grants for which Regen intends to apply.  

We
cannot assure that we will be successful in obtaining additional financing necessary to implement our business plan. We have not
received any commitment or expression of interest from any financing source that has given us any assurance that we will obtain
the amount of additional financing in the future that we currently anticipate. For these and other reasons, we are not able to
assure that we will obtain any additional financing or, if we are successful, that we can obtain any such financing on terms that
may be reasonable in light of our current circumstances. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 Regen raised $300,000
through the issuance of convertible debt and $1,254,751 through the issuance of equity securities.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

   REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  

  Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc.   

  We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and the related statements
of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the period ended September 30, 2016.
Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

  We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

  In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

  The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital at September 30, 2016, has incurred recurring
losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note
4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
AMC Auditing  

  AMC
Auditing  

  Las
Vegas, Nevada  

  December
22, 2016  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

  To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  

  Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc.  

  We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the related
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended September 30, 2015. Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc s management is responsible for these
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

  We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

  In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

  As
discussed in Note 12 of the accompanying financial statements, the 2015 and 2014 consolidated financial statements have been restated
to correct an error.  

  The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has minimal revenues, has negative working capital at September 30, 2015, has
incurred recurring losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities which raises substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 4. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

  /s/
Seale and Beers, CPAs  

  Seale
and Beers, CPAs  

  Las
Vegas, Nevada  

  January
4, 2016, except for Note 12, as to which the date is April 27, 2016  

BIO-MATRIX
SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC.   

   Notes
to consolidated Financial Statements   

   As
of September 30 2016   

NOTE
1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Bio-Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc. ( Company ) was organized October 6, 1998, under the laws of the State of Delaware as Tasco
International, Inc.  

From
October 6, 1998 to June 3, 2006 its activities have been limited to capital formation, organization, and development of its business
plan to provide production of visual content and other digital media, including still media, 360-degree images, video, animation
and audio for the Internet.  

On
July 3, 2006 the Company abandoned its efforts in the field of digital media production when it acquired 100% of the share capital
of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, ( BMSG ) for consideration consisting of 10,000,000 shares
of the common stock of the Company and the cancellation of 10,000,000 shares of the Company owned and held by John Lauring.  

As
a result of this transaction, the former stockholder of BMSG held approximately 80% of the voting capital stock of the Company
immediately after the transaction. For financial accounting purposes, this acquisition was a reverse acquisition of the Company
by BMSG under the purchase method of accounting, and was treated as a recapitalization with BMSG as the acquirer. Accordingly,
the financial statements have been prepared to give retroactive effect to August 2, 2005 (date of inception), of the reverse acquisition
completed on July 3, 2006, and represent the operations of BMSG.  

Through
its controlled subsidiary, Regen BioPharma, Inc., the Company intends to engage primarily in the development of regenerative medical
applications which we intend to license from other entities up to the point of successful completion of Phase I and or Phase II
clinical trials after which we would either attempt to sell or license those developed applications or, alternatively, advance
the application further to Phase III clinical trials. As of September 30, 2016 The Company holds 11.6 % of the equity and 57.7%
of the voting power of Regen BioPharma, Inc. ( Regen )  

A.
BASIS OF ACCOUNTING  

The
financial statements have been prepared using the basis of accounting generally accepted in the United States of America. Under
this basis of accounting, revenues are recorded as earned and expenses are recorded at the time liabilities are incurred. The
Company has adopted a September 30 year-end.  

B.
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION  

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, inc., a Delaware corporation, Bio Matrix
Scientific Group, Inc, a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary ( BMSG ), Regen BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and controlled subsidiary (Regen) and Entest BioMedical, Inc., ( Entest ), a Nevada corporation which
was a majority owned subsidiary up to February 3, 2011.  Significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated.  

C.
USE OF ESTIMATES  

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. All estimates
are of a normal, recurring nature and are required for the fair presentation of the financial statements. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.  

D.
CASH EQUIVALENTS  

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.   

E.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Maintenance and repairs are expensed in the year in which they are incurred. Expenditures
that enhance the value of property and equipment are capitalized.  

F.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

Fair
value is the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  A fair value
hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels
of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value:  

Level
1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level
2:  Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the related assets or liabilities.  

Level
3:  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.  

The
Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 consisted of Securities Available for Sale consisting of 8,066,667
common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc and a Note Receivable from Entest Biomedical, Inc. for $12,051 .  The fair value
of Securities Available for sale as of September 30, 2016 were valued according to the Level 1 input. The carrying amount of the
financial instruments is equal to the fair value as determined by the Company. The fair value of the Note Receivable was valued
according to Level 3 input.  

G.
INCOME TAXES  

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method prescribed by ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
Company records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates
is recognized as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment date.  

The
Company applied the provisions of ASC 740-10-50,  Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes , which provides clarification
related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our financial statements. Audit periods
remain open for review until the statute of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute
of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such
adjustment could be material to the Company s results of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part,
upon the results of operations for the given period. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had no uncertain tax positions, and
will continue to evaluate for uncertain positions in the future.  

The
Company generated a deferred tax credit through net operating loss carry forward.  However, a valuation allowance of 100%
has been established.  

Interest
and penalties on tax deficiencies recognized in accordance with ACS accounting standards are classified as income taxes in accordance
with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19.  

H.
 BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE  

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 260,  Earnings Per Share ,
which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly
held common stock. ASC 260 requires the presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share.
The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 260 effective from inception.  

Basic
net loss per share amounts is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
All options and convertible debt outstanding has an anti-dilutive effect on the EPS, therefore Diluted Earnings per Share are
the same as basic earnings per share.  

I.
ADVERTISING  

Costs
associated with advertising are charged to expense as incurred. Advertising expenses were $0 and $0 for the years ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  

J.
REVENUE RECOGNITION  

Sales
of products and related costs of products sold are recognized when: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery
has occurred; (iii) the price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. These terms are typically
met upon the prepayment or invoicing and shipment of products.  

The
Company determines the amount and timing of royalty revenue based on its contractual agreements with intellectual property licensees.
The Company recognizes royalty revenue when earned under the terms of the agreements and when the Company considers realization
of payment to be probable. Where royalties are based on a percentage of licensee sales of royalty-bearing products, the Company
recognizes royalty revenue by applying this percentage to the Company s estimate of applicable licensee sales. The Company
bases this estimate on an analysis of each licensee s sales results. Where warranted, revenue from licensees for contractual
obligations such as License Initiation Fees are recognized upon satisfaction of all conditions required to be satisfied in order
for that revenue to have been earned by the Company.  

NOTE
2 .   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In
June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, which eliminated certain financial
reporting requirements of companies previously identified as  Development Stage Entities  (Topic 915). The amendments
in this ASU simplify accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities.
The amendments also reduce data maintenance and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirement
for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder
equity. Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the
entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities).
Upon adoption, entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. The Company has adopted this
standard.  

The
following accounting standards updates were recently issued and have not yet been adopted by us. These standards are currently
under review to determine their impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

In
May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The revenue recognition
standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard
eliminates the transaction-and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based
approach for determining revenue recognition. Public entities are required to adopt the revenue recognition standard for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. Early adoption is not permitted
for public entities. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects of this
pronouncement, however it believes that there will be no material effect on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-12 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting
for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service
period should be accounted for as a performance condition under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation  
Stock Compensation. As a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award's grant date fair value. Compensation
cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved.
The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects
of this pronouncement, however it believes that there will be no material effect on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15 Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern
(Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Under generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial
statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption
is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial
statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 205-30, Presentation of Financial
Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting. Even when an entity's liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or
events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial
statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this Update should
be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this Update
are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period,
management does not believe that it has met the conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.  

On
January 31, 2013, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update [ASU] 2013-01, entitled Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about
Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. The guidance in ASU 2013-01 amends the requirements in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
[FASB ASC] Topic 210, entitled Balance Sheet. The ASU 2013-01 amendments to FASB ASC 210 clarify that ordinary trade receivables
and receivables in general are not within the scope of ASU 2011-11, entitled Disclosure about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities,
where that ASU amended the guidance in FASB ASC 210. As those disclosures now are modified with the ASU 2013-01 amendments, the
FASB ASC 210 balance sheet offsetting disclosures now clearly are applicable only where reporting entities are involved with bifurcated
embedded derivatives, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions
that either are offset using the FASB ASC 210 or 815 requirements, or that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements
or similar agreements. ASU 2013-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, and interim
periods within those annual periods. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.  

On
February 28, 2013, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update [ASU] 2013-04, entitled Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several
Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date. The ASU 2013-04 amendments
add to the guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Codification [FASB ASC] Topic 405, entitled Liabilities and require reporting
entities to measure obligations resulting from certain joint and several liability arrangements where the total amount of the
obligation is fixed as of the reporting date, as the sum of the following:  

The
amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among co-obligors.  

Any
additional amounts the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors.  

While
early adoption of the amended guidance is permitted, for public companies, the guidance is required to be implemented in fiscal
years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The amendments need to be implemented retrospectively
to all prior periods presented for obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements that exist at the beginning
of the year of adoption. The adoption of ASU 2013-04 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s operating
results or financial position.  

On
April 22, 2013, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update [ASU] 2013-07, entitled Liquidation Basis of Accounting. With ASU
2013-07, the FASB amends the guidance in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification [FASB ASC] Topic 205, entitled Presentation
of Financial Statements. The amendments serve to clarify when and how reporting entities should apply the liquidation basis of
accounting. The guidance is applicable to all reporting entities, whether they are public or private companies or not-for-profit
entities. The guidance also provides principles for the recognition of assets and liabilities and disclosures, as well as related
financial statement presentation requirements. The requirements in ASU 2013-07 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2013, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods. Reporting entities are required to apply the
requirements in ASU 2013-07 prospectively from the day that liquidation becomes imminent. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption
of ASU 2013-07 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s operating results or financial position.  

A
variety of proposed or otherwise potential accounting standards are currently under study by standard setting organizations and
various regulatory agencies.  Due to the tentative and preliminary nature of those proposed standards, the Company s
management has not determined whether implementation of such standards would be material to its financial statements.  

NOTE
3. OPTIONS AND WARRANTS   

As
of September 30, 2016 the Company has no options or warrants outstanding.  

NOTE
4. GOING CONCERN   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Exclusive of
a onetime non-cash gain of $312,327 recognized upon the deconsolidation of Entest Biomedical, Inc., the Company generated net
losses of $39,733,011 (excluding $663,649 of Equity in Net Losses of Entest Biomedical, Inc. recognized) during the period
from August 2, 2005 (inception) through September 30, 2016. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to meet its obligations,
to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Management
plans to raise additional funds by offering securities for cash. Management has yet to decide what type of offering the Company
will use or how much capital the Company will raise. During the year ended year ended September 30, 2016 Regen raised $1,254,751
through the issuance of equity securities for cash and $300,000 through the issuance of convertible debentures.  

NOTE
5. INCOME TAXES   

As
of September 30, 2016   

As
of September 30,  2016 the Company has a  Deferred Tax Asset of  $ 13,522,824 completely attributable to net operating
loss carry forwards  of approximately $39,733,011 ( which expire 20 years from the date the loss was incurred) consisting
 of  

(a)
$38,616, of Net Operating Loss Carry forwards acquired in the reverse acquisition of BMSG and  

(b)
39,694,395 attributable to Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. a Delaware corporation, BMSG and Regen.  

Realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences
and carry forwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. The achievement of required future taxable income is
uncertain. In addition, the reverse acquisition of BMSG has resulted in a change of control. Internal Revenue Code Sec 382 limits
the amount of income that may be offset by net operating loss (NOL) carryovers after an ownership change. As a result, the Company
has the Company recorded a valuation allowance reducing all deferred tax assets to 0.  

Income
tax is calculated at the 34% Federal Corporate Rate.  

NOTE
6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

As
of September 30, 2016 the Company is indebted to David Koos, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, in the
amount of $73,986. These loans and any accrued interest are due and payable at the demand of Mr. Koos and bear simple interest
at the rate of 15% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016 Regen is indebted to David Koos, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, in the amount
of $50. These loans and any accrued interest are due and payable at the demand of Mr. Koos and bear simple interest at the rate
of 15% per annum.  

The
Company utilizes approximately 2,300 square feet of office space at 4700 Spring Street, Suite 304, La Mesa California, 91941 subleased
to Regen by Entest BioMedical, Inc. on a month to month basis beginning October 1, 2014. The Chief Executive Officer of Entest
Biomedical Inc. is David R. Koos who also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The sublease is on a month to
month basis and rent payable to Entest Biomedical, Inc. by Regen Biopharma Inc is equal to $5,000 per month,  

As
of September 30, 2016 Entest Biomedical, Inc. is indebted to Regen in the amount of $12,051. $12,051 lent by Regen to Entest Biomedical,
Inc . is due and payable at the demand of the holder and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016 Regen is indebted to Blackbriar Partners in the amount of $10,097. $3,000 lent to Regen by Blackbriar Partners
is due and payable February 19, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$7,097
lent to Regen by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable May 9, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016 the Company is indebted to Blackbriar Partners in the amount of $20000.  

$5000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable April 8, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$15,000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable July 25, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

David
R. Koos, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, also serves as the Chairman and CEO of Blackbriar Partners.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander )
whereby Regen Biopharma, Inc. granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization
of certain intellectual property controlled by Regen Biopharma, Inc. (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic
use for a term of fifteen years. Zander is a wholly owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen Biopharma, Inc. a one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand
US dollars ($100,000) as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable
payment of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) on July 15 th , 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective
date of the Agreement.  

The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen Biopharma, Inc. royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term
is defined in the Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander will pay Regen Biopharma, Inc. ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration,
at fair market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based
on Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen Biopharma, Inc. receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen Biopharma, Inc. minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each
anniversary of the Effective Date of this Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual
royalty is only payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand
US dollars ($10,000).  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Regen Biopharma, Inc.:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Agreement or Zander has not sold any Licensed
Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of the
Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen Biopharma, Inc. with regard
to that License IP.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United States
patent and Trademark Office to Regen Biopharma, Inc. with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

On
September 28, 2015 Zander caused to be issued to Regen Biopharma, Inc. 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc
in satisfaction of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) to be paid to Regen Biopharma, Inc. by Zander as a license initiation
fee. Regen Biopharma, Inc. recognized revenue of $192,000 equivalent to the fair value of 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest
Biomedical, Inc as of the date of issuance. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 Zander paid $17,000 to Regen as a partial
payment of the July 15th, 2016 liability  

David
R. Koos serves as sole officer and director of both Zander and Entest Biomedical, Inc. and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Regen Biopharma, Inc.  

NOTE
7. NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE   AND NOTES RECEIVABLE   

Amounts
due to the Biotechnology Partners Business Trust. are due and payable at the demand of the holder and bear simple interest
at a rate of 10% per annum.  

All
loans to the Company and Regen made by David R. Koos are due and payable at the demand of Koos and bear simple interest at a rate
of 15% per annum.  

All
amounts due to the Sherman Family Trust bear no interest and are due and payable, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder.   

$40,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable September 2, 2016 and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$35,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable December 14, 2016 and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$13,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable January 28, 2017 and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

3,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable March 23, 2017 and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$5,000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable April 8, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$15,000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable July 25, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$20,000
lent to Regen by Bostonia Partners is due and payable February 19, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$30,000
lent to Regen by Bostonia Partners is due and payable February 24, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$20,000
lent to Regen by Bostonia Partners is due and payable March 8, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$63,300
lent to Regen by Bostonia Partners is due and payable May 10 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$3,000
lent to Regen by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable February 19, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$7,097
lent to Regen by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable May 9, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$40,140
due and payable to Starcity Capital LLC ( Note ) bears no interest, is payable on April1, 2016 and permits conversion
at the Holder s option into common shares of the Company under the following terms and conditions:  

The
Holder of the Note is entitled, at its option, at any time after 180 days after March 27, 2015 to convert all or any amount of
the principal face amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of the Company's common stock (the  Common Stock )
at a price ( Conversion Price ) for each share of Common Stock equal to the greater of  

(iii)
fifty five percent (55%) (the  Discount'') of the lowest closing bid price for the Company's common stock during the five
(5) trading days immediately preceding a conversion date, as reported by Bloomberg (the  Closing Bid Price ) ( Initial
Conversion Price ) or  

  (iv)
$0.0001.  

Upon
:  

(i)
a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any person in a single transaction or series of related
transactions,  

(ii)
a reclassification, capital reorganization or other change or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock, or  

(iii)
any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another person or entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity
(other than a merger which is effected solely to change the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company and results in a reclassification,
conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of Common Stock solely into shares of Common Stock)  

then,
in each case, Holder may convert the unpaid principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such
event at the Conversion Price.  

Other
than as provided in (i), (ii) and(ii) above, the Holder shall not have the right to convert its debt into shares which, when added
to such Holder s other holdings in the Company stock, shall have caused such Holder to hold more than 9.99% of the Company s
outstanding common stock.  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $300,000 which is amortized under the Interest Method over
the life of the Note.  

The
amount by which the instrument s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is $0.  

$50,000
due and payable to Scott Levine bears simple interest at 12% per annum and is convertible into common shares of the company at
$0.15 per share. The instrument became due and payable on November 14, 2009. No demand for payment has been made.  

$10,000
due and payable to Mike and Ofie Weiner bears simple interest at 12% per annum and is convertible into common shares of the company
at $0.15 per share. The instrument became due and payable on March 3 , 2010. No demand for payment has been made.  

$18,400
due and payable to Mike and Ofie Weiner bears simple interest at 12% per annum and is convertible into common shares of the company
at $0.15 per share. The instrument became due and payable on December 28, 2009. No demand for payment has been made.  

$2,301
due and payable to Bio Technology Partners Business Trust bears simple interest at 12% per annum and is convertible into common
shares of the company at $0.15 per share. The instrument became due and payable on November 26, 2009. No demand for payment has
been made.  

As
of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the Company s convertible notes outstanding is $ 0  

Regen
Biopharma, Inc.  

On
March 8, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $100,000 for
consideration consisting of $100,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 8% per annum . The maturity of the Note
is three years from the issue date.  

The
Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this
Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock of Regen , as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any
shares of capital stock or other securities of Regen into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified pursuant
to the following terms and conditions:  

(a)
For the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending 365 days subsequent to the Issue Date ( Year 1 ) a 50% discount
to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as defined below) period
ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever is greater).  

(b)
For the period beginning one day subsequent to the final day of Year One and ending 365 days subsequent to Year One ( Year
2 ) a 35% discount to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as
defined below) period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever
is greater).  

(c)
For the period beginning one day subsequent to the final day of Year 2 and ending 365 days subsequent to Year 2 ( Year 3 )
a 25% discount to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as defined
below) period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever is greater).  

(d)
 Trading Price  means the closing bid price on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or applicable trading market (the
 OTCQB ) as reported by a reliable reporting service ( Reporting Service ) designated by the Lender (i.e.
Bloomberg) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that
are listed in the  pink sheets  by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for
such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by Regen and the Lender.  Trading Day  shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on
the OTCQB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.
 Trading Volume  shall mean the number of shares traded on such Trading Day as reported by such Reporting Service.
The Conversion Price shall be equitably adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights offerings, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events by Regen relating to the Lender s securities.  

Regen
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding
Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal and accrued interest.  

Upon
closing of a Transaction Event the Lender shall receive 0 .10% ( one tenth of one percent)of the consideration actually received
by Regen from an unaffiliated third party as a result of the closing of a Transaction Event.  

Transaction
Event  shall mean either of:  

(a)
The sale by Regen of Regen s proprietary NR2F6 intellectual property to an unaffiliated third party  

(b)
The granting of a license by Regen to an unaffiliated third party granting that unaffiliated third party the right to develop
and/or commercialize Regen s proprietary NR2F6 intellectual property  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $42,600 which is amortized under the Interest Method over
the life of the Note. As of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the convertible notes outstanding is $ 34,625. As of
September 30, 2016 $100,000 of the principal amount of the Note remains outstanding.  

The
amount by which the Note s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is $25,000.  

On
April 6, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000 for
consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 8% per annum . The maturity of the Note
is three years from the issue date.  

The
Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this
Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock of Regen, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any
shares of capital stock or other securities of Regen into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified pursuant
to the following terms and conditions:  

(a)
For the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending 365 days subsequent to the Issue Date ( Year 1 ) a 50% discount
to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as defined below) period
ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever is greater).  

(b)
For the period beginning one day subsequent to the final day of Year One and ending 365 days subsequent to Year One ( Year
2 ) a 35% discount to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as
defined below) period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever
is greater).  

(c)
For the period beginning one day subsequent to the final day of Year 2 and ending 365 days subsequent to Year 2 ( Year 3 )
a 25% discount to the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day (as defined
below) period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date or ten cents per share (whichever is greater).  

(d)
 Trading Price  means the closing bid price on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or applicable trading market (the
 OTCQB ) as reported by a reliable reporting service ( Reporting Service ) designated by the Lender (i.e.
Bloomberg) or, if the OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that
are listed in the  pink sheets  by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for
such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by Regen and the Lender.  Trading Day  shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on
the OTCQB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.
 Trading Volume  shall mean the number of shares traded on such Trading Day as reported by such Reporting Service.
The Conversion Price shall be equitably adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights offerings, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events by Regen relating to the Lender s securities.  

Regen
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding
Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal and accrued interest.  

Upon
closing of a Transaction Event the Lender shall receive 0 .10% ( one tenth of one percent)of the consideration actually received
by Regen from an unaffiliated third party as a result of the closing of a Transaction Event.  

Transaction
Event  shall mean either of:  

(a)
The sale by Regen of Regen s proprietary NR2F6 intellectual property to an unaffiliated third party  

(b)
The granting of a license by Regen to an unaffiliated third party granting that unaffiliated third party the right to develop
and/or commercialize Regen s proprietary NR2F6 intellectual property  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $9,900 which is amortized under the Interest Method over the
life of the Note. As of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the convertible note outstanding is $ 8,317. As of September
30, 2016 $50,000 of the principal amount of the Note remains outstanding.  

  The
amount by which the Note s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is $12,500.  

On
August 26, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this
Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock of Regen , as such Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of Regen into which such Stock shall hereafter be changed
or reclassified at a conversion price of $0.0125 per share.  

Regen
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding
Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal and accrued interest.  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 which is amortized under the Interest Method over
the life of the Note. As of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the convertible note outstanding is $ 45,205.  

As
of September 30, 2016 $50,000 of the principal amount of the Note remains outstanding.  

The
amount by which the Note s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is :  

(b)    $430,000
                                         if the entire principal amount is converted into Series A Preferred stock    

On
September 8, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this
Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock of Regen, as such Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of Regen into which such Stock shall hereafter be changed
or reclassified at a conversion price of $0.0125 per share.  

Regen
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding
Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal and accrued interest.  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 which is amortized under the Interest Method over
the life of the Note. As of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the convertible note outstanding is $ 47,123. As of
September 30, 2016 $50,000 of the principal amount of the Note remains outstanding.  

  The
amount by which the Note s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is :  

(b)    $430,000
                                         if the entire principal amount is converted into Series A Preferred stock    

On
September 20, 2016 ( Issue date ) Regen issued a Convertible Note ( Note ) in the face amount of $50,000
for consideration consisting of $50,000 cash. The Note pays simple interest in the amount of 10% per annum . The maturity of the
Note is one year from the issue date.  

The
Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this
Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock of Regen, as such Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of Regen into which such Stock shall hereafter be changed
or reclassified at a conversion price of $0.0125 per share.  

Regen
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding
Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal and accrued interest.  

The
issuance of the Note amounted in a beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 which is amortized under the Interest Method over
the life of the Note. As of September 30, 2016 the unamortized discount on the convertible note outstanding is $ 48,630. As of
September 30, 2016 $50,000 of the principal amount of the Note remains outstanding.  

The
amount by which the Note s as converted value exceeds the principal amount as of September 30, 2016 is :  

(b)    $430,000
                                         if the entire principal amount is converted into Series A Preferred stock    

NOTES
RECEIVABLE   

$12,051
lent by Regen Biopharma, Inc. to Entest Biomedical, Inc. is due and payable at the demand of the holder and bear simple interest
at a rate of 10% per annum.  

NOTE
8. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   

The
stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of September 30, 2016:  

Preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized:   

2,063,821 Preferred
Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned by such holder times
one (1).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets of the
Corporation.  

94,852
Series AA Preferred Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series AA Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock owned by such
holder times ten thousand (10,0000).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series AA Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.  

40,000
Series AAA Preferred Shares, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.   

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series AA Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock owned by such
holder times one hundred thousand (100,0000).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series AA Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.   

725,409
Series B Preferred Shares, Par Value $0.0001, issued and outstanding.  

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned by such holder
times two (2).  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the assets
of the Corporation.   

Non
Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, $1.00 Par value, 200,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding   

Each
Non Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall convert at the option of the holder into shares of the corporation s common
stock at a conversion price equal to seventy percent (70%) of the lowest Closing Price for the five (5) trading days immediately
preceding written receipt by the corporation of the holder s intent to convert.  

CLOSING
PRICE  shall mean the closing bid price for the corporation s common stock on the Principal Market on a Trading Day
as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P.  

PRINCIPAL
MARKET  shall mean the principal trading exchange or market for the corporation s common stock.  

TRADING
DAY  shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.  

On
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Non Voting Convertible
Preferred shall receive, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company's stockholders, a ratable share in the
assets of the Corporation.  

Common
stock, $ 0.0001 par value; 8,000,000,000 shares authorized: 6,555,579,936 shares issued and outstanding.   

With
respect to each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to
cast that number of votes which is equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock owned by such holder times one (1).  

NOTE
9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

  On
April 12, 2013 a complaint (Complaint) was filed in the U.S. District Court Southern District of the State of new York against
the Company, the Company s Chairman and Does 1-50 by Star city Capital, LLC ( Plaintiff ) alleging securities
fraud, common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duties and breach of contract in connection with the
issuance of. The Plaintiff is also request declaratory relief from the Court.  

  The
action arises from the issuance and subsequent cancellation of 103,030,303 of the company s common shares in satisfaction
of $17,000 of convertible indebtedness of the Company held by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff alleges that a cancellation notice
sent by them to the Company s transfer agent was meant to instruct the Transfer Agent simply to cancel the physical certificate
in order that an equivalent number of shares may be transferred via DWAC to the Plaintiff s stockbroker for the benefit
of the Plaintiff. DWAC is the acronym for Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian. The DWAC transaction system run by The Depository Trust
Company (a.k.a. DTC or CEDE   CO) permits brokers and custodial banks, the DTC participants, to request the movement of shares
to or from the issuer s transfer agent electronically. A DWAC results in the crediting or debiting of shares to or from
DTC s book-entry account on the records of the issuer maintained by the transfer agent.  

  The
Company believes that the cancellation notice sent by the Plaintiff clearly represents a cancellation of the conversion notice
itself.  

  The
convertible indebtedness held by the Plaintiff was convertible at Holder s demand into the common shares of the Company s
stock at a conversion price per share equal to 55% (the  Discount ) of the lowest closing bid price for the Company s
common stock during the 5 trading days immediately preceding a conversion date, as reported by Bloomberg (the  Closing Bid
Price ); provided that if the closing bid price for the common stock on the date in which the conversion shares are deposited
into Holder s brokerage account and confirmation has been received that Holder may execute trades of the conversion shares
( Clearing Date) is lower than the Closing Bid Price, then the purchase price for the conversion shares would be adjusted such
that the Discount shall be taken from the closing bid price on the Clearing Date, and the Company shall issue additional shares
to Purchaser to reflect such adjusted Purchase Price( Reset ). The Company and the Plaintiff had agreed on a limitation
on conversion equal to 9.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock.  

On
February 2, 2015 Plaintiff and the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release to fully and finally
resolve the aforementioned legal action pursuant to the following terms and conditions:  

(a)  
      Within seven business
    days of the Company s transfer agent s receipt of an appropriate opinion of counsel, the Company shall deliver
    to Starcity or its designee or assignee (which designation or assignment shall be provided in writing) via DWAC, 103,030,303
    of the common shares of the Company , it being the agreement of the parties that such issuance shall constitute full and complete
    satisfaction of $17,000 due to Starcity by the Company.   

(b)  
      The
    Company shall deliver to Starcity a non interest bearing Convertible Note in the face amount of $300,000 ( Note )
    due and payable April 1, 2016.   

The
Holder of this Note is entitled, at its option, at any time after 180 days after the date that consideration of $52,500 is paid
to the Company to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of the Company's
common stock (the  Common Stock ) at a price ( Conversion Price ) for each share of Common Stock equal to
the greater of  

(i)  
      fifty five percent
    (55%) (the  Discount'') of the lowest closing bid price for the Company's common stock during the five (5) trading days
    immediately preceding a conversion date, as reported by Bloomberg (the  Closing Bid Price ) ( Initial Conversion
    Price ) or   

Other
than as provided in 5(p) of the Note ), the Holder shall not have the right to convert its debt into shares which, when added
to such Holder s other holdings in the Company stock, shall have caused such Holder to hold more than to hold more than
9.99% of the Company's outstanding common stock. Section 5(p) of the Note states that:  

Upon
:  

  (i)
a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any person in a single transaction or series of related
transactions,  

  (ii)
a reclassification, capital reorganization or other change or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock, or  

  (iii)
any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another person or entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity
(other than a merger which is effected solely to change the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company and results in a reclassification,
conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of Common Stock solely into shares of Common Stock)  

then,
in each case, Holder may convert the unpaid principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such
event at the Conversion Price.  

In
the event that Starcity fails to fund the Note by making a payment of $52,500 to the Company on or before April 1, 2015, the Company s
obligations under this Note shall be terminated, cancelled and relinquished.  

The
Company utilizes approximately 2,300 square feet of office space at 4700 Spring Street, Suite 304, La Mesa California, 91941 subleased
to Regen Biopharma, Inc. by Entest BioMedical, Inc. on a month to month basis beginning October 1, 2014. The Chief Executive Officer
of Entest Biomedical Inc. is David R. Koos who also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Regen and the Company. The sublease
is on a month to month basis and rent payable to Entest Biomedical, Inc. by Regen Biopharma Inc is equal to $5,000 per month.  

NOTE
10. INVESTMENT SECURITIES   

As
of the quarter ending September 30, 2012 the Company reclassified 66,667 ( retroactively adjusted for reverse stock split.) common
shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc. as Securities Available for Sale from Securities Accounted for under the Equity Method.   

On
September 28, 2015 Zander Theraputics, Inc. caused to be issued to Regen Biopharma, Inc. 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest
Biomedical, Inc in satisfaction of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) to be paid to Regen Biopharma, Inc. by Zander Theraputics,
Inc as a license initiation fee.  

As
of September 30, 2015 the Company recognized an other than temporary impairment of $41,333,361 on 8,066,667 Common Shares of Entest
Biomedical, Inc.  

The
Company concluded that such impairment should be recognized based primarily due to:  

(a)    History
                                         of recurring losses for Entest Biomedical, Inc.    

(b)    Large
                                         percentage decline in fair value during the Company s period of ownership    

The
common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc described above constitute the Company s sole investment securities as of September
30, 2016.  

NOTE
11. STOCK TRANSACTIONS   

BIO-
MATRIX SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC.:  

On
September 6, 2016 the Company issued 390,068,951  of its Common Shares in satisfaction of $39,006 of convertible indebtedness.  

On
September 21, 2016 the Company issued 419,124,717   of its Common Shares in satisfaction of $41,912 of convertible indebtedness.  

REGEN
BIOPHARMA, INC.  

Common
Stock   

On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 3,333,334 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $166,667.  

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 2,200,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $55,000.  

On
December 29, 2015 Regen issued 4,000,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $100,000.  

On
January 28, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $100,000.  

On
January 29, 2016 Regen issued 30,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $750.  

On
February 2, 2016 Regen issued 270,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $6,750.  

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 666,666 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $33,333.  

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
May 9, 2016 Regen issued 700,000 of its Common Shares in satisfaction of $14,000 of principal indebtedness.  

On
May 23, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
June 6, 2016 Regen issued 3,500,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $118,750.  

On
June 15, 2016 Regen issued 1,095,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $13,687.  

On
August 17, 2016 Regen issued 3,966,667 of its Common Shares in satisfaction of $109,000 of principal indebtedness.  

On
September 8, 2016 Regen issued 197,000 of its Common Shares as consideration for nonemployee services  

On
September 13, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 of its Common Shares for cash consideration of $6,250  

On
September 14, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 of its Common Shares as consideration for nonemployee services  

Series
A Preferred Stock   

On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 1,666,667 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $83,333.  

On
October 28, 2015 Regen issued 11,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock to Dr. Harry Lander, Regen s President and
Chief Scientific Officer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of that employment agreement entered into by and between Dr. Lander
and Regen dated October 9, 2015.  

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 2,200,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $55,000.  

On
November 20, 2015 Regen issued 400,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock as consideration for nonemployee services.  

On
December 29, 2015 Regen issued 4,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $100,000.  

On
January 28, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
January 29, 2016 Regen issued 300,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $7,500.  

On
February 22, 2016 Regen issued 333,333 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $16,666.  

On
March 22, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $37,500.  

On
April 7, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock in satisfaction of $10,000 of principal indebtedness.  

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to David Koos, Regen s Chief Executive Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Koos with regards to addressing
all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s Investigational
New Drug Application for HemaXellerate..  

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to Harry Lander , Regen s President and Chief Scientific Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Lander with regards
to addressing all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s
Investigational New Drug Application for HemaXellerate.  

On
April 7, 2016 Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Regen ) issued 10,000,000 shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock ( Shares )
to Todd Caven , Regen s Chief Financial Officer, as consideration for efforts expended by Caven with regards to addressing
all clinical hold issues identified by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to Regen s Investigational
New Drug Application for HemaXellerate   

  On
May 23, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $37,500.  

On
June 6, 2016 Regen issued 5,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $106,250.  

On
June 15, 2016 Regen issued 3,285,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $25,000.  

On
July 27, 2016 Regen issued 100,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock as consideration for nonemployee services  

On
August 16, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $25,000.  

On
August 22, 2016 Regen issued 4,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
September 13, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $18,750.  

On
July 13, 2016 Regen entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with an outside investor whereby the investor agreed to
buy and Regen agreed to sell 1,000,000 Units for consideration of $50,000. Each Unit issuable pursuant to the Agreement shall
consist of one share of Regen s common stock and three shares of Regen s Series A Preferred Stock. During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 the outside investor paid consideration to Regen of $50,000 for One Million Units. As of September 30,
2016 the securities issuable pursuant the the Agreement have not been issued.  

NOTE
12. RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Subsequent
to the original issuance of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 2015, the Company
determined that:  

An
other than temporary impairment of $41,333,361 on 8,066,667 Common Shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc. owned by the Company should
be recognized as of September 30, 2015 due to the following factors:  

(a)  
      History of recurring losses
    for Entest Biomedical, Inc.   

(b)  
      Large percentage decline in fair value during
    the Company s period of ownership   

BIO
MATRIX SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

Note
13. Subsequent Events   

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $50,000.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
November 8, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
December 5, 2016 the Company issued 401, 275, 700 of its common shares in satisfaction of $40,127 of convertible debt.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $16,667  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $37,500  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $12,500  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $37,500  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,700,000 shares of its common stock for cash consideration of $42,500  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $33,333.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 3,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $37,500.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $12,500.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $37500.  

On
December 19, 2016 Regen issued 1,700,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock for cash consideration of $42,500.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure;   

During
the Registrant's most two most recent fiscal years there were no disagreements with Seale and Beers, Certified Public Accountants
LLC ( S B ) , the Company s independent registered public accounting firm until October 19, 2016, whether
or not resolved, on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or
procedure, which, if not resolved to S B s satisfaction, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter
of the disagreement in connection with its report on the Registrant's financial statements.  

During
the Registrant's most two most recent fiscal years there were no disagreements with AMC Auditing ( AMC ) , the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm from October 19, 2016 to the present, whether or not resolved, on any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved
to AMC s satisfaction, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with
its report on the Registrant's financial statements.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.   

a)
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  

The
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, they have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective
to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. David Koos is the Company s CEO and acting CFO. He functions as the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer.  

b)
Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting.  

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Rule 13a-15(f) defines internal control over financial
reporting as follows:  

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer's
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer's board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the issuer;  

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and  

Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s management
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only a reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure
controls and procedures are met.  

The
Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016
based on the framework in  Internal Control over Financial Reporting   Guidance for Smaller Public Companies (2006)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Based on its assessment, management believes
that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective.  

Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report. This exemption for
smaller reporting companies provided under the temporary rules referenced above has been made permanent under Section 989G of
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  

(c)
There have been no changes during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 in the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.  

Item
9B. Other Information.   

Not
applicable  

PART
III   

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   

David
 Koos has served as Chairman, CEO, President, Secretary, and Acting CFO of the BMSN since June 19, 2006.   

Education:   

  DBA
- Finance (December 2003)  

  Atlantic
International University  

Ph.D.
- Sociology (September 2003)  

  Atlantic
International University  

MA - Sociology (June 1983)  

  University
of California - Riverside, California  

Five
Year Employment History:  

Position:   
       Company
    Name:   
       Employment
    Dates:    
 
      Chairman
    , President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer  
       Entest
        BioMedical, Inc.  
              
      June
    19, 2009 to the present.   
 
      Chief
    Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer  
      Entest
    BioMedical, Inc  
      June
    19, 2009 to March 31, 2010   
 
      Acting
    Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer  
      Entest
    BioMedical, Inc  
      August
    8, 2011 to the present   
 
      Chairman,
    President, CEO and Acting CFO  
      Bio-Matrix
    Scientific Group, Inc.  
       June
        14, 2006 (Chairman) to Present  
          June
        19, 2006 (President, CEO and Acting CFO)  
          June
        19, 2006 (Secretary) to Present    
 
      Chairman
    CEO, President, Secretary, and Acting CFO  
      Entest
    BioMedical, Inc. (a California corporation)  
      August
    22, 2008 to the Present   
 
      Chairman,
    CEO, Secretary   Acting CFO  
      Frezer
    Inc.  
      May
    2, 2005 to February 2007   
 
      Chairman,
    CEO   Acting CFO  
      BMXP
    Holdings, Inc.  
      December
    6, 2004 to June 2008   
 
      Managing
    Director   President  
      Cell
    Source Research Inc.  
      December
    5, 2001 to Present   
 
      Managing
    Director   President  
      Venture
    Bridge Inc.  
      November
    21, 2001 to Present   
 
      Registered
    Representative  
      Amerivet
    Securities Inc.   
      March
    31, 2004 to February 2008   

David
R. Koos has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of Regen since April
24, 2012. David R. Koos has served as president of Regen from the period beginning May 29, 2013 and ending April 30, 2015 . David
R. Koos has served as Acting Chief Financial Officer of Regen for the period beginning April 24, 2012 and ending February 11,
2015.  

Amerivet Securities Inc. has not been active during the period as the Chief Executive Officer was on deployment in Iraq through
the U.S. Army Reserves.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance.  

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more
than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements
of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and
other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are
required by the Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Such persons are further required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms (including Forms 3, 4
and 5) that they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us with respect to fiscal year 2013,
or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe all of our directors and executive officers as well as any
beneficial owner of more than ten percent of any class of equity securities  met all applicable filing requirements.   

Code
of Ethics   

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the  Code ) that applies to our Directors, officers and employees.
The Code is filed as Exhibit A of our Information Statement Pursuant to Section 14(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed
with the Commission on August 11, 2006 . A written copy of the Code will be provided upon request at no charge by writing to our
Chief Executive Officer, David Koos, at:   

DR. DAVID KOOS  

  BIO-MATRIX
SCIENTIFIC GROUP, INC.  

  4700
SPRING STREET, SUITE 304, LA MESA, CALIFORNIA, 91942  

Director
Independence  

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert  

The
Company s sole Director may not be considered independent as he is also an officer. The Company is not a  listed company 
under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and is therefore not required to have an audit committee comprised
of independent directors. The Company does not currently have an audit committee, however, for certain purposes of the rules and
regulations of the SEC and in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company s  Board of Directors is
deemed to be its  audit committee and as such functions as an audit committee and performs some of the same functions as
an audit committee including: (1) selection and oversight of our independent accountant; (2) establishing procedures for the receipt,
retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters; and (3) engaging outside advisors.
The Board of Directors has determined that its sole member is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and
has substantial business experience that results in that member's financial sophistication. Accordingly, the Board of Directors
believes that its member has the sufficient knowledge and experience necessary to fulfill the duties and obligations that an audit
committee would have.  

Nominating
and Compensation Committees  

  The
Company does not have standing nominating or compensation committees, or committees performing similar functions. The board of
directors believes that it is not necessary to have a compensation committee at this time because the functions of such committee
are adequately performed by the board of directors. The board of directors also is of the view that it is appropriate for the
Company not to have a standing nominating committee because the board of directors has performed and will perform adequately the
functions of a nominating committee. The  

  Company
is not a  listed company  under SEC rules and is therefore not required to have a compensation committee or a nominating
committee.  

  Shareholder
Communications  

  There
has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors.
There are no specific, minimum qualifications that the board of directors believes must be met by a candidate recommended by the
board of directors. Currently, the entire board of directors decides on nominees, on the recommendation of any member of the board
of directors followed by the board s review of the candidates  resumes and interview of candidates. Based on the information
gathered, the board of directors then makes a decision on whether to recommend the candidates as nominees for director. The Company
does not pay any fee to any third party or parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominee.  

  Because
management and directors of the Company are the same person, the Board of Directors has determined not to adopt a formal methodology
for communications from shareholders on the belief that any communication would be brought to the board of directors  attention
by virtue of the co-extensive capacities served by David Koos.  

Executive
Compensation    

Does
not include Compensation Accrued but Unpaid. As of September 30, 2016 David R. Koos is owed $780,321 in compensation accrued but
unpaid by the Company and Regen.  

(a)  
      Restricted Stock
    Awards Paid to Mr. Koos consist of 9,000,000 of Regen s common shares vesting according to the terms and conditions
    of Mr. Koos Employment Agreement with Regen and 2,500,000 of Regen s Preferred Shares vesting upon the same terms and
    conditions as common stock issued pursuant to Mr. Koos  Employment Agreement with Regen.   

David
Koos is not party to an executed employment agreement with the Company. From April 2007 until October 2008 we had agreed to compensate
David Koos $12,000 per month for his services, exclusive of any bonuses or benefits. From October of 2008 to February 11, 2015,
we have agreed to compensate David Koos $25,000 per month for his services, exclusive of any bonuses or benefits. From February
11, 2015 to the present we have agreed to compensate David Koos $10,000 per month for his services, exclusive of any bonuses or
benefits.  

  On
February 11, 2015 Regen entered into a written employment agreement with its current Chief Executive Officer, Mr. David Koos whereby
Mr. Koos shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of Regen ( Agreement )  

  Pursuant
to the Agreement, Mr. Koos shall be paid salary at the rate of $15,000 per month, payable in cash or shares of Regen common stock.
Mr. Koos shall also receive 9,000,000 newly issued common shares of Regen which shall vest after 18 months of constant employment
have expired from the date of the full execution of the Agreement . The term of the Agreement shall commence on February 11, 2015
and shall expire on February 11, 2018. On August 5, 2016 the Agreement was amended to extend the vesting schedule of both the
9,000,000 common shares as well as 2,500,000 previously issued shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock until February
5, 2017. As consideration for consenting to this amendment Koos shall receive Two Hundred shares of the Company s Series
AA Preferred Stock.  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   

  The
following table sets forth information as of the close of business on  December 20, 2016 concerning shares of our stock beneficially
owned by (i) each director; (ii) each named executive officer; (iii) by all directors and executive officers as a group; and (iv)
each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock.   

  Based
on 6,956,855,636 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 20 , 2016.  

(a)
   Includes 4,159,085 shares owned by Bombardier Pacific Ventures Inc., which is wholly owned by David Koos and
104,160  shares owned AFN Trust for which David Koos serves as Trustee and 54 shares owned by the BMXP Holdings Shareholder
Business Trust. David R. Koos is the Trustee of BMXP Holdings Shareholder Business Trust. .  

  The
following table sets forth information as of the close of business on December 20, 2016, concerning shares of our preferred stock
beneficially owned by (i)each director; (ii) each named executive officer; (iii) by all directors and executive officers as a
group; and (iv) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of preferred stock.  

Based
on 2,063,821  shares issued and outstanding as of  December 20, 2016  

(a)
  Includes 458,503 Preferred  Shares owned by BMXP Holdings Shareholder Business Trust.  David R. Koos is
the Trustee of BMXP Holdings Shareholder Business Trust. (b) Includes 62,056 shares owned by Bombardier Pacific Ventures Inc.,
which is wholly owned by David Koos and AFN Trust for which David Koos serves as Trustee  

  The
following table sets forth information as of the close of business on December 24,2014 concerning shares of our Series B preferred
stock beneficially owned by (i)each director; (ii) each named executive officer; (iii) by all directors and executive officers
as a group; and (iv) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Series B preferred
stock.  

Based
on 725,409  shares  issued and outstanding as of  December 20, 2016  

(a)
  Includes 9,171 Preferred Shares owned by BMXP Holdings Shareholder Business Trust.  David R. Koos is the Trustee
of BMXP Holdings Shareholder Business Trust. (b) Includes 58,935 shares owned by Bombardier Pacific Ventures Inc., which is wholly
owned by David Koos  and 836 shares owned by  AFN Trust for which David Koos serves as Trustee.  

The
following table sets forth information as of the close of business on December 20, 2016  concerning shares of our Series
AA Preferred stock beneficially owned by (i) each director; (ii) each named executive officer; (iii) by all directors and executive
officers as a group; and (iv) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Series
AA Preferred  stock.  

  Based
on 94,852 shares outstanding as of December 20, 2016  

The
following table sets forth information as of the close of business on December 20, 2016  concerning shares of our Series
AAA Preferred stock beneficially owned by (i) each director; (ii) each named executive officer; (iii) by all directors and executive
officers as a group; and (iv) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Series
AA Preferred  stock.  

  Based
on 40,000 shares outstanding as of December 20, 2016   

No
shares of our Non Voting Convertible Preferred stock was issued and outstanding as of the close of business on December 20,2016.  

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

  Regen
utilizes approximately 2,300 square feet of office space at 4700 Spring Street, Suite 304, La Mesa California, 91941 subleased
to Regen by Entest BioMedical, Inc. on a month to month basis beginning October 1, 2014. The Chief Executive Officer of Entest
Biomedical Inc. is David R. Koos who also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Regen. The sublease is
on a month to month basis and rent payable to Entest Biomedical, Inc. by Regen Biopharma Inc is equal to $5,000 per month.  

As
of September 30, 2016 Entest Biomedical Inc. is indebted to Regen in the amount of $12,051. $12,051 lent by Regen to Entest Biomedical,
Inc. is due and payable at the demand of the holder and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander )
whereby Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization of certain
intellectual property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen
years. Zander is a wholly owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000)
as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable payment of one hundred
thousand US dollars ($100,000) on July 15 th , 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date of the Agreement.  

The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term is defined in
the Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander will pay Regen ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at fair
market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based on
Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each anniversary of
the Effective Date of this Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual royalty is only
payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand US dollars ($10,000).  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Regen:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Agreement or Zander has not sold any Licensed
Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of the
Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License
IP.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United States
patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

On
September 28, 2015 Zander caused to be issued to Regen 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc in satisfaction
of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) to be paid to Regen by Zander as a license initiation fee. Regen Biopharma, Inc.
recognized revenue of $192,000 equivalent to the fair value of 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc as of
the date of issuance.  

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 Zander paid $17,000 to Regen as a partial payment of the July 15 th,  2016 liability  

  David
R. Koos serves as sole officer and director of both Zander and Entest Biomedical, Inc. and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Regen.  

As
of September 30, 2016 Regen is indebted to David R. Koos in the amount of $50. $50 lent to Regen by Koos is due and payable at
the demand of the holder and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016 Regen is indebted to Blackbriar Partners in the amount of $10,097. $3,000 lent to Regen by Blackbriar Partners
is due and payable February 29, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum. $7,097 lent to Regen by Blackbriar
Partners is due and payable May 9, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum. David R. Koos, the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Regen, also serves as the Chairman and CEO of Blackbriar Partners.  

As
of September 30,2016 the Company is indebted to to David Koos, the Company s sole officer, in the amount of $73,986.  

  These
loans and any accrued interest are due and payable at the demand of Mr. Koos and bear simple interest at the rate of 15% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016 the Company is indebted to Blackbriar Partners in the amount of $20000.  

$5000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable April 8, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$15,000
lent to the Company by Blackbriar Partners is due and payable July 25, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

The
following sets forth the aggregate fees billed by Seale and Beers, CPAs :  

The
following sets forth the aggregate fees billed by Seale and Beers, CPAs  

Audit
Fees:  Aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements.  

Audit
Related Fees:  Aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related services that were reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under  Audit Fees 
above.  

All services listed were pre-approved by the Board of Directors, functioning as the Audit Committee in accordance with Section
2(a) 3 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

The
Board has considered whether the services described above are compatible with maintaining the independent accountant's independence
and has determined that such services have not adversely affected Seale and Beers, CPA s  independence.  

PART
IV    

Item
15. Exhibit Index   

(39)
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 , 10.2, 10.3of the Company s 8-K dated 4/8/ 2016  

(40)
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 , 10.2, 10.3, 10/4, 10.5, and 10.6 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended
6/30/2016  

SIGNATURES    

  Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Bio-Matrix Scientific
    Group, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/
    David R. Koos    

Name:  
      David R. Koos   

Title:  
      Principal Executive Officer   

Date:  
      December 22, 2016   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on January 8, 2016.  

Bio-Matrix Scientific
    Group, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/
    David R. Koos    

Name:  
      David R. Koos   

Title:  
      Sole Director   

Date:  
      December 22, 2016   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on January 8, 2016.  

Bio-Matrix Scientific
    Group, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/
    David R. Koos    

Name:  
      David R. Koos   

Title:  
      Principal Financial Officer   

Date:  
       December 22, 2016   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on January 8, 2016.  

Bio-Matrix Scientific
    Group, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/
    David R. Koos    

Name:  
      David R. Koos   

Title:  
      Principal Accounting Officer   

Date:  
       December 22, 2016   

<EX-10.92>
 2
 ex10_92.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.92

Agreement
made this 5 th  day of August 2016 by and between Regen Bioparma, Inc. ( Company) and David R. Koos ( Koos )  

  WHEREAS,
On February 13, 2015 Koos was issued Nine Million of the Company s Common Shares ( Compensation Common Shares )
pursuant to that employment agreement entered into by and between Koos and the Company on February 11, 2015 (  Employment
Agreement )  

  WHEREAS
, on March 17, 2015 Koos was issued Two Million Five Hundred Thousand shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (
 Compensation Preferred Stock )  

  WHEREAS
the Compensation Common Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by Koos
( Transfer Restriction ) until 18 months of constant employment of Koos has expired from the date of the full execution
of the Employment Agreement.  

  WHEREAS
the Compensation Preferred Stock may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by Koos
( Transfer Restriction ) until 18 months of constant employment of Koos has expired from the date of the full execution
of the Employment Agreement.  

  THEREFORE,
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:  

(a)    Koos
                                         shall receive Two Hundred shares of the Company s Series AA Preferred Stock.    

(b)    Neither
                                         The Compensation Common Shares or the Compensation Preferred Stock may be sold, transferred,
                                         assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by Koos until that date which
                                         is 184 days from August 5, 2016 ( New Vesting Date ).    

(c)    In
                                         the event that Koos  employment by the Company is terminated pursuant to Section
                                         6(a)(iv) or Section 6(a) (v) of the Employment Agreement both of the Compensation Common
                                         Shares and the Compensation Preferred Stock shall be returned by Koos to the Company.    

  This
instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. It may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by a party
against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought.  

  The
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State or California.
Any action to enforce this Agreement shall be brought in the state courts located in San Diego County, State of California.  

IN
WHITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

</EX-10.92>

<EX-10.93>
 3
 ex10_93.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.93

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of four
(4) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of four (4)shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the ___day of ___, 2016. 

</EX-10.93>

<EX-10.94>
 4
 ex10_94.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.94

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of four
(4) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of four (4)shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the ___ day of August, 2016. 

</EX-10.94>

<EX-10.95>
 5
 ex10_95.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.95

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (3) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and three (3) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 30th day of August, 2016. 

</EX-10.95>

<EX-10.96>
 6
 ex10_96.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.96

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (3) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and three (3) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 13 th  day of July, 2016. 

</EX-10.96>

<EX-10.97>
 7
 ex10_97.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.97

Exhibit 10.97   

   CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE   

THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, MORTGAGED,
PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING THIS NOTE OR SUCH
SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED. THIS NOTE IS ALSO SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.   

Regen
BioPharma, Inc.   

1.  Terms .
For value received, the Regen BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) hereby absolutely and unconditionally
promises to pay to the order of ________ ON DEMAND any time after August 26, 2017, the principal amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) and interest on the whole amount of said principal sum outstanding and remaining from time to time unpaid (the  Note ),
commencing from the date hereof and continuing until payment in full of this Note or conversion as hereinafter provided, at an
annual rate equal to ten percent (10%) simple interest. Interest shall be payable quarterly upon demand or upon conversion pursuant
to Section 2 hereunder. Interest shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. Principal
and interest shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America, at the principal place of business of the Lender
or at such other place as the Lender may have designated from time to time in writing to the Company. 

2.  Conversion.  

2.1 Conversion
Right.  The Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock, as such Common Stock and/or
Series A Preferred Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which
such Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the  Conversion
Price ) determined as provided herein (a  Conversion ). The Lender shall have the right to convert one hundred
percent (100%) of the Principal Amount immediately upon execution of this agreement and any accrued interest may be converted as
well. 

The number of shares
of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing
the principal amount of this Note to be converted (the  Conversion Amount ) by the applicable Conversion Price as defined
in this Section 2 then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Company by the Lender on such conversion date (the  Conversion Date ). 

2.2 Conversion
Price.  The  Conversion Price  shall be defined as $0.0125 per share for either the Common and/or the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company 

2.3 Method of
Conversion.  Subject to Section 2.1, this Note may be converted by the Lender by submitting to the Company a Notice of Conversion
by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 5:00 p.m., New York,
New York time. The Lender shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Lender and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event
of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Company shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Lender may not transfer
this Note unless the Lender first physically surrenders this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Lender a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Lender (upon payment by the Lender of any applicable
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. 

Upon receipt by
the Company from the Lender of a facsimile transmission, e-mail, or other reasonable means of communication of a Notice of Conversion
meeting the requirements for conversion, the Company shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the
order of the Lender certificates for the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion within five
(5) business days after such receipt. Upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Conversion, the Lender shall be deemed to be the
Lender of record of the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount
and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion. All rights with respect
to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock or other securities as herein provided on such conversion. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing
the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Company is participating in the Depository
Trust Company ( DTC ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer ( FAST ) program, upon request of the Lender,
the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion to the Lender by crediting the account of Lender s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ( DWAC ) system. 

2.4
Concerning the Shares.   The shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act or (ii) the Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares
to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold
or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) ( Rule 144 ) or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an  affiliate  (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in
accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited Investor as the term Accredited Investor is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D, promulgated under the Act.  

Subject
to the removal provisions set forth below, until such time as the shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
shares of issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has
not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a
legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:  

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE OR  SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I)
IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE LENDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.  

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Lender a new certificate therefore free of any transfer
legend if (i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  may be made without registration under the Act and the shares are so sold
or transferred, (ii) such Lender provides the Company or its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note (to the extent such securities are
deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the Common Stock 
and/or Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or (iv) otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.  

3.  Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal
and accrued interest. Any notice of prepayment hereunder shall be delivered to the Lender at its registered addresses and shall
state that the Company is exercising its right to prepay the Note and the date of prepayment, which shall be not more than three
(3) Trading Days from the date of the prepayment notice. Upon receipt of a prepayment notice, Lender shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to accelerate the conversion period specified in Section 2.1 and convert that portion of the outstanding principal
balance which is subject to prepayment to Common Shares as provided for in Section 2. 

4.   Events of Default . 

4.1 The following
shall constitute events of default (individually an  Event of Default ): 

(a) default in the
payment, when due or payable, of an obligation to pay interest or principal under this Note, which default is not cured by payment
in full of the amount due within thirty (30) days from the date that the Lender receives notice of the occurrence of such default; 

(b) filing of a
petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws by or against the Company, which filing
or proceeding, is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after the filing or commencement thereof; or 

(c) failure of the
Company to comply in any way with the terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Note. 

4.2 If an Event
of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Lender may, at its option, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable without
further notice or demand, whereupon this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or protest,
all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

5.  Transfer of
Note . This Note may not be transferred or assigned other than a transfer or assignment to an Affiliate of the Lender. As used
herein, the term  Affiliate  means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Lender. 

6.  Certain Waivers .
The Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest and any other formalities of
any kind. 

7.  Amendment,
Modification or Termination . This Note may only be modified, amended, or terminated (other than by payment in full) by an agreement
in writing signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any term, covenant or provision of this Note shall be effective unless
given in writing by the Lender. 

8.  Governing
Law . This Note and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (excluding the laws and rules of law applicable to conflicts or choice of law). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Note has been duly executed on behalf of the undersigned on the day and in the year first above written. 

The foregoing Convertible Promissory
Note is hereby accepted and agreed to by the undersigned on and as of the date first above written. 

EXHIBIT A  

NOTICE OF CONVERSION  

The undersigned hereby elects to convert
$ _________ principal amount and $____________ accrued interest of the Note into that number of shares of Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note as set forth below of REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. according to
the conditions of the convertible note of the Company dated as of MONTH DAY, 201X as of the date written below. 

Date of Conversion:  

Applicable Conversion Price:  

(Attached Bloomberg price documentation)  

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note:  

Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Issued
        Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: _________________________ 

Amount of Principal Balance Due Remaining Under the Note
        After This Conversion:  

Checked box corresponds to applicable
instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of
Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system ( DWAC
Transfer ).  

Name of DTC Prime Broker:  

Account Number:  

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
and/or Series A Preferred Stock set forth below in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,
on an attachment hereto:  

Name:  

Address:  

Phone:  

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, LLC   

XXXXXXX  
       
      Date   

</EX-10.97>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 bmsn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bmsn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bmsn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bmsn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bmsn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bmsn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-10.98>
 14
 ex10_98.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.98

Exhibit 10.98   

   CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE   

THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, MORTGAGED,
PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING THIS NOTE OR SUCH
SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED. THIS NOTE IS ALSO SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.   

Regen
BioPharma, Inc.   

1.  Terms .
For value received, the Regen BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) hereby absolutely and unconditionally
promises to pay to the order of ________ ON DEMAND any time after September 9, 2017, the principal amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) and interest on the whole amount of said principal sum outstanding and remaining from time to time unpaid (the  Note ),
commencing from the date hereof and continuing until payment in full of this Note or conversion as hereinafter provided, at an
annual rate equal to ten percent (10%) simple interest. Interest shall be payable quarterly upon demand or upon conversion pursuant
to Section 2 hereunder. Interest shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. Principal
and interest shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America, at the principal place of business of the Lender
or at such other place as the Lender may have designated from time to time in writing to the Company. 

2.  Conversion.  

2.1 Conversion
Right.  The Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock, as such Common Stock and/or
Series A Preferred Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which
such Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the  Conversion
Price ) determined as provided herein (a  Conversion ). The Lender shall have the right to convert one hundred
percent (100%) of the Principal Amount immediately upon execution of this agreement and any accrued interest may be converted as
well. 

The number of shares
of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing
the principal amount of this Note to be converted (the  Conversion Amount ) by the applicable Conversion Price as defined
in this Section 2 then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Company by the Lender on such conversion date (the  Conversion Date ). 

2.2 Conversion
Price.  The  Conversion Price  shall be defined as $0.0125 per share for either the Common and/or the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company 

2.3 Method of
Conversion.  Subject to Section 2.1, this Note may be converted by the Lender by submitting to the Company a Notice of Conversion
by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 5:00 p.m., New York,
New York time. The Lender shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Lender and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event
of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Company shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Lender may not transfer
this Note unless the Lender first physically surrenders this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Lender a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Lender (upon payment by the Lender of any applicable
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. 

Upon receipt by
the Company from the Lender of a facsimile transmission, e-mail, or other reasonable means of communication of a Notice of Conversion
meeting the requirements for conversion, the Company shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the
order of the Lender certificates for the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion within five
(5) business days after such receipt. Upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Conversion, the Lender shall be deemed to be the
Lender of record of the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount
and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion. All rights with respect
to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock or other securities as herein provided on such conversion. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing
the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Company is participating in the Depository
Trust Company ( DTC ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer ( FAST ) program, upon request of the Lender,
the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion to the Lender by crediting the account of Lender s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ( DWAC ) system. 

2.4
Concerning the Shares.   The shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act or (ii) the Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares
to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold
or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) ( Rule 144 ) or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an  affiliate  (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in
accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited Investor as the term Accredited Investor is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D, promulgated under the Act.  

Subject
to the removal provisions set forth below, until such time as the shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
shares of issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has
not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a
legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:  

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE OR  SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I)
IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE LENDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.  

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Lender a new certificate therefore free of any transfer
legend if (i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  may be made without registration under the Act and the shares are so sold
or transferred, (ii) such Lender provides the Company or its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note (to the extent such securities are
deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the Common Stock 
and/or Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or (iv) otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.  

3.  Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal
and accrued interest. Any notice of prepayment hereunder shall be delivered to the Lender at its registered addresses and shall
state that the Company is exercising its right to prepay the Note and the date of prepayment, which shall be not more than three
(3) Trading Days from the date of the prepayment notice. Upon receipt of a prepayment notice, Lender shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to accelerate the conversion period specified in Section 2.1 and convert that portion of the outstanding principal
balance which is subject to prepayment to Common Shares as provided for in Section 2. 

4.   Events of Default . 

4.1 The following
shall constitute events of default (individually an  Event of Default ): 

(a) default in the
payment, when due or payable, of an obligation to pay interest or principal under this Note, which default is not cured by payment
in full of the amount due within thirty (30) days from the date that the Lender receives notice of the occurrence of such default; 

(b) filing of a
petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws by or against the Company, which filing
or proceeding, is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after the filing or commencement thereof; or 

(c) failure of the
Company to comply in any way with the terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Note. 

4.2 If an Event
of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Lender may, at its option, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable without
further notice or demand, whereupon this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or protest,
all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

5.  Transfer of
Note . This Note may not be transferred or assigned other than a transfer or assignment to an Affiliate of the Lender. As used
herein, the term  Affiliate  means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Lender. 

6.  Certain Waivers .
The Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest and any other formalities of
any kind. 

7.  Amendment,
Modification or Termination . This Note may only be modified, amended, or terminated (other than by payment in full) by an agreement
in writing signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any term, covenant or provision of this Note shall be effective unless
given in writing by the Lender. 

8.  Governing
Law . This Note and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (excluding the laws and rules of law applicable to conflicts or choice of law). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Note has been duly executed on behalf of the undersigned on the day and in the year first above written. 

The foregoing Convertible Promissory
Note is hereby accepted and agreed to by the undersigned on and as of the date first above written. 

EXHIBIT A  

NOTICE OF CONVERSION  

The undersigned hereby elects to convert
$ _________ principal amount and $____________ accrued interest of the Note into that number of shares of Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note as set forth below of REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. according to
the conditions of the convertible note of the Company dated as of MONTH DAY, 201X as of the date written below. 

Date of Conversion:  

Applicable Conversion Price:  

(Attached Bloomberg price documentation)  

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note:  

Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Issued
        Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: _________________________ 

Amount of Principal Balance Due Remaining Under the Note
        After This Conversion:  

Checked box corresponds to applicable
instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of
Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system ( DWAC
Transfer ).  

Name of DTC Prime Broker:  

Account Number:  

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
and/or Series A Preferred Stock set forth below in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,
on an attachment hereto:  

Name:  

Address:  

Phone:  

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, LLC   

XXXXXXX  
       
      Date   

</EX-10.98>

<EX-10.99>
 15
 ex10_99.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.99

Exhibit 10.99   

   CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE   

THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, MORTGAGED,
PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING THIS NOTE OR SUCH
SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED. THIS NOTE IS ALSO SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.   

Regen
BioPharma, Inc.   

1.  Terms .
For value received, the Regen BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) hereby absolutely and unconditionally
promises to pay to the order of ________ ON DEMAND any time after September 20, 2017, the principal amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) and interest on the whole amount of said principal sum outstanding and remaining from time to time unpaid (the  Note ),
commencing from the date hereof and continuing until payment in full of this Note or conversion as hereinafter provided, at an
annual rate equal to ten percent (10%) simple interest. Interest shall be payable quarterly upon demand or upon conversion pursuant
to Section 2 hereunder. Interest shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. Principal
and interest shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America, at the principal place of business of the Lender
or at such other place as the Lender may have designated from time to time in writing to the Company. 

2.  Conversion.  

2.1 Conversion
Right.  The Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock, as such Common Stock and/or
Series A Preferred Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which
such Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the  Conversion
Price ) determined as provided herein (a  Conversion ). The Lender shall have the right to convert one hundred
percent (100%) of the Principal Amount immediately upon execution of this agreement and any accrued interest may be converted as
well. 

The number of shares
of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing
the principal amount of this Note to be converted (the  Conversion Amount ) by the applicable Conversion Price as defined
in this Section 2 then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Company by the Lender on such conversion date (the  Conversion Date ). 

2.2 Conversion
Price.  The  Conversion Price  shall be defined as $0.0125 per share for either the Common and/or the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company 

2.3 Method of
Conversion.  Subject to Section 2.1, this Note may be converted by the Lender by submitting to the Company a Notice of Conversion
by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 5:00 p.m., New York,
New York time. The Lender shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Lender and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event
of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Company shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Lender may not transfer
this Note unless the Lender first physically surrenders this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Lender a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Lender (upon payment by the Lender of any applicable
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. 

Upon receipt by
the Company from the Lender of a facsimile transmission, e-mail, or other reasonable means of communication of a Notice of Conversion
meeting the requirements for conversion, the Company shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the
order of the Lender certificates for the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion within five
(5) business days after such receipt. Upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Conversion, the Lender shall be deemed to be the
Lender of record of the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount
and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion. All rights with respect
to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock or other securities as herein provided on such conversion. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing
the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Company is participating in the Depository
Trust Company ( DTC ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer ( FAST ) program, upon request of the Lender,
the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion to the Lender by crediting the account of Lender s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ( DWAC ) system. 

2.4
Concerning the Shares.   The shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act or (ii) the Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares
to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold
or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) ( Rule 144 ) or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an  affiliate  (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in
accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited Investor as the term Accredited Investor is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D, promulgated under the Act.  

Subject
to the removal provisions set forth below, until such time as the shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
shares of issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has
not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a
legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:  

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE OR  SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I)
IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE LENDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.  

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Lender a new certificate therefore free of any transfer
legend if (i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  may be made without registration under the Act and the shares are so sold
or transferred, (ii) such Lender provides the Company or its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note (to the extent such securities are
deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the Common Stock 
and/or Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or (iv) otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.  

3.  Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal
and accrued interest. Any notice of prepayment hereunder shall be delivered to the Lender at its registered addresses and shall
state that the Company is exercising its right to prepay the Note and the date of prepayment, which shall be not more than three
(3) Trading Days from the date of the prepayment notice. Upon receipt of a prepayment notice, Lender shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to accelerate the conversion period specified in Section 2.1 and convert that portion of the outstanding principal
balance which is subject to prepayment to Common Shares as provided for in Section 2. 

4.   Events of Default . 

4.1 The following
shall constitute events of default (individually an  Event of Default ): 

(a) default in the
payment, when due or payable, of an obligation to pay interest or principal under this Note, which default is not cured by payment
in full of the amount due within thirty (30) days from the date that the Lender receives notice of the occurrence of such default; 

(b) filing of a
petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws by or against the Company, which filing
or proceeding, is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after the filing or commencement thereof; or 

(c) failure of the
Company to comply in any way with the terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Note. 

4.2 If an Event
of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Lender may, at its option, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable without
further notice or demand, whereupon this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or protest,
all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

5.  Transfer of
Note . This Note may not be transferred or assigned other than a transfer or assignment to an Affiliate of the Lender. As used
herein, the term  Affiliate  means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Lender. 

6.  Certain Waivers .
The Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest and any other formalities of
any kind. 

7.  Amendment,
Modification or Termination . This Note may only be modified, amended, or terminated (other than by payment in full) by an agreement
in writing signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any term, covenant or provision of this Note shall be effective unless
given in writing by the Lender. 

8.  Governing
Law . This Note and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (excluding the laws and rules of law applicable to conflicts or choice of law). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Note has been duly executed on behalf of the undersigned on the day and in the year first above written. 

The foregoing Convertible Promissory
Note is hereby accepted and agreed to by the undersigned on and as of the date first above written. 

EXHIBIT A  

NOTICE OF CONVERSION  

The undersigned hereby elects to convert
$ _________ principal amount and $____________ accrued interest of the Note into that number of shares of Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note as set forth below of REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. according to
the conditions of the convertible note of the Company dated as of MONTH DAY, 201X as of the date written below. 

Date of Conversion:  

Applicable Conversion Price:  

(Attached Bloomberg price documentation)  

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note:  

Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Issued
        Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: _________________________ 

Amount of Principal Balance Due Remaining Under the Note
        After This Conversion:  

Checked box corresponds to applicable
instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of
Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system ( DWAC
Transfer ).  

Name of DTC Prime Broker:  

Account Number:  

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
and/or Series A Preferred Stock set forth below in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,
on an attachment hereto:  

Name:  

Address:  

Phone:  

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, LLC   

XXXXXXX  
       
      Date   

</EX-10.99>

<EX-10.100>
 16
 ex10_100.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.100

Exhibit 10.99   

   CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE   

THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND ANY SHARES OF STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, MORTGAGED,
PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING THIS NOTE OR SUCH
SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED. THIS NOTE IS ALSO SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.   

Regen
BioPharma, Inc.   

1.  Terms .
For value received, the Regen BioPharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) hereby absolutely and unconditionally
promises to pay to the order of ________ ON DEMAND any time after September 20, 2017, the principal amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) and interest on the whole amount of said principal sum outstanding and remaining from time to time unpaid (the  Note ),
commencing from the date hereof and continuing until payment in full of this Note or conversion as hereinafter provided, at an
annual rate equal to ten percent (10%) simple interest. Interest shall be payable quarterly upon demand or upon conversion pursuant
to Section 2 hereunder. Interest shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. Principal
and interest shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America, at the principal place of business of the Lender
or at such other place as the Lender may have designated from time to time in writing to the Company. 

2.  Conversion.  

2.1 Conversion
Right.  The Lender shall have the right from time to time to convert all or a part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of this Note into fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock, as such Common Stock and/or
Series A Preferred Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which
such Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the  Conversion
Price ) determined as provided herein (a  Conversion ). The Lender shall have the right to convert one hundred
percent (100%) of the Principal Amount immediately upon execution of this agreement and any accrued interest may be converted as
well. 

The number of shares
of Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing
the principal amount of this Note to be converted (the  Conversion Amount ) by the applicable Conversion Price as defined
in this Section 2 then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Company by the Lender on such conversion date (the  Conversion Date ). 

2.2 Conversion
Price.  The  Conversion Price  shall be defined as $0.0125 per share for either the Common and/or the Series A Preferred
Stock of the Company 

2.3 Method of
Conversion.  Subject to Section 2.1, this Note may be converted by the Lender by submitting to the Company a Notice of Conversion
by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 5:00 p.m., New York,
New York time. The Lender shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Lender and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event
of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Company shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Lender may not transfer
this Note unless the Lender first physically surrenders this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Lender a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Lender (upon payment by the Lender of any applicable
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. 

Upon receipt by
the Company from the Lender of a facsimile transmission, e-mail, or other reasonable means of communication of a Notice of Conversion
meeting the requirements for conversion, the Company shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the
order of the Lender certificates for the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion within five
(5) business days after such receipt. Upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Conversion, the Lender shall be deemed to be the
Lender of record of the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount
and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion. All rights with respect
to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock or other securities as herein provided on such conversion. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing
the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Company is participating in the Depository
Trust Company ( DTC ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer ( FAST ) program, upon request of the Lender,
the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion to the Lender by crediting the account of Lender s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ( DWAC ) system. 

2.4
Concerning the Shares.   The shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act or (ii) the Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares
to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold
or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) ( Rule 144 ) or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an  affiliate  (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in
accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited Investor as the term Accredited Investor is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D, promulgated under the Act.  

Subject
to the removal provisions set forth below, until such time as the shares of Common Stock  and/or Series A Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
shares of issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has
not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a
legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:  

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE OR  SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I)
IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE LENDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.  

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Lender a new certificate therefore free of any transfer
legend if (i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  may be made without registration under the Act and the shares are so sold
or transferred, (ii) such Lender provides the Company or its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Common Stock  and/or
Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note (to the extent such securities are
deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the Common Stock 
and/or Series A Preferred Stock  issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or (iv) otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.  

3.  Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Lender, to prepay the outstanding Note in part or in full, including outstanding principal
and accrued interest. Any notice of prepayment hereunder shall be delivered to the Lender at its registered addresses and shall
state that the Company is exercising its right to prepay the Note and the date of prepayment, which shall be not more than three
(3) Trading Days from the date of the prepayment notice. Upon receipt of a prepayment notice, Lender shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to accelerate the conversion period specified in Section 2.1 and convert that portion of the outstanding principal
balance which is subject to prepayment to Common Shares as provided for in Section 2. 

4.   Events of Default . 

4.1 The following
shall constitute events of default (individually an  Event of Default ): 

(a) default in the
payment, when due or payable, of an obligation to pay interest or principal under this Note, which default is not cured by payment
in full of the amount due within thirty (30) days from the date that the Lender receives notice of the occurrence of such default; 

(b) filing of a
petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws by or against the Company, which filing
or proceeding, is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after the filing or commencement thereof; or 

(c) failure of the
Company to comply in any way with the terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Note. 

4.2 If an Event
of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Lender may, at its option, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable without
further notice or demand, whereupon this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or protest,
all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

5.  Transfer of
Note . This Note may not be transferred or assigned other than a transfer or assignment to an Affiliate of the Lender. As used
herein, the term  Affiliate  means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Lender. 

6.  Certain Waivers .
The Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest and any other formalities of
any kind. 

7.  Amendment,
Modification or Termination . This Note may only be modified, amended, or terminated (other than by payment in full) by an agreement
in writing signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any term, covenant or provision of this Note shall be effective unless
given in writing by the Lender. 

8.  Governing
Law . This Note and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of California (excluding the laws and rules of law applicable to conflicts or choice of law). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Note has been duly executed on behalf of the undersigned on the day and in the year first above written. 

The foregoing Convertible Promissory
Note is hereby accepted and agreed to by the undersigned on and as of the date first above written. 

EXHIBIT A  

NOTICE OF CONVERSION  

The undersigned hereby elects to convert
$ _________ principal amount and $____________ accrued interest of the Note into that number of shares of Common Stock and/or Series
A Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note as set forth below of REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. according to
the conditions of the convertible note of the Company dated as of MONTH DAY, 201X as of the date written below. 

Date of Conversion:  

Applicable Conversion Price:  

(Attached Bloomberg price documentation)  

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note:  

Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Issued
        Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: _________________________ 

Amount of Principal Balance Due Remaining Under the Note
        After This Conversion:  

Checked box corresponds to applicable
instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock and/or Series A Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of
Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system ( DWAC
Transfer ).  

Name of DTC Prime Broker:  

Account Number:  

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
and/or Series A Preferred Stock set forth below in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,
on an attachment hereto:  

Name:  

Address:  

Phone:  

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, LLC   

XXXXXXX  
       
      Date   

</EX-10.100>

<EX-10.101>
 17
 ex10_101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.101

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 13th day of Octobert, 2016. 

</EX-10.101>

<EX-10.102>
 18
 ex10_102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.102

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 7th day of October, 2016. 

</EX-10.102>

<EX-10.103>
 19
 ex10_103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.103

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 25th day of October, 2016. 

</EX-10.103>

<EX-10.104>
 20
 ex10_104.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.104

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the ___day of _____, 2016. 

</EX-10.104>

<EX-10.105>
 21
 ex10_105.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.105

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the 30th day of November, 2016. 

</EX-10.105>

<EX-10.106>
 22
 ex10_106.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.106

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the ___day of _____, 2016. 

</EX-10.106>

<EX-10.107>
 23
 ex10_107.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.107

THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement ) is entered into by and among Regen Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) whose
address is 4700 Spring Street, St 304, La Mesa, California 91942 and __________(  Purchaser ), a _______ whose address
is _____________.  

 WHEREAS: 

 The Purchaser desires to purchase
units ( Units ) of securities of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 The Company desires to issue and
sell Units to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

 THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 

Each Unit shall consist of one
(1) share of common stock of the Company and three (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company 

2.   
       Purchase Price    

The purchase price per Unit (
 Purchase Price ), payable in US Dollars, shall be 5 cents per unit.(Each Unit consists of one (1) share of common
stock of the Company and one (1) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) 

3.   
       Form of Payment    

The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price per Unit multiplied by that number of Units Purchased by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:   

4.   
       Issuance of Units    

5 business days subsequent to
receipt of payment of the Purchase Price the Company shall issue to the Purchaser that number of Units purchased  

5.   
       Purchaser s Representations and Warranties    

(a)  
      As of the date hereof, the Purchaser is purchasing the Units for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( the  Act ).    

(b)  
      The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act   

(c)  
      The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Units which have been requested by the Purchaser or its advisors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Purchaser any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to such disclosure to the Purchaser.   

(d)  
      Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.   

(e)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not and shall not constitute Purchaser s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or by which Purchaser is or may be bound.   

6.   
       Company s representations and warranties    

(a)  
      Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without the consent, approval or authorization of, or obligation to notify, any person, entity or governmental agency which consent has not been obtained.    

(b)  
      The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company does not and shall not constitute Company s breach of any statute or regulation or ordinance of any governmental authority, and shall not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of any order, writ, injunction, decree, contract, agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party, or by which Company is or may be bound.    

7.   
       Restricted Securities Acknowledgement    

Purchaser acknowledges that any
securities issued pursuant to this Agreement that shall not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 shall constitute
 restricted securities  as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Act , and shall contain the following
restrictive legend: 

  THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR SUCH
LAWS AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE ACT OR SUCH LAWS.  

8.   
       Entire Agreement    

This Agreement constitutes a final
written expression of all the terms of the Agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, are a complete and
exclusive statement of those terms, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous Agreements, understandings, and representations
between the parties. 

9.   
       Governing Law, Venue, Waiver Of Jury Trial    

All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in California for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have hereunto executed this Agreement on the ___day of _____, 2016. 

</EX-10.107>

<EX-31.1>
 24
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 I, David R. Koos, certify
that: 

 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

 (d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

 a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

 b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/ David R. Koos     

David R. Koos   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 25
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 I, David R. Koos, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

 (d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

 a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

 b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/ David R. Koos     

David R. Koos   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 26
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David R. Koos, Chief Executive Officer certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)  the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.    

Date: December 22, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ David R. Koos   

David R. Koos  
 Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 27
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David R. Koos, Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting
Officer) certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)  the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.    

Date: December 22, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ David R. Koos   

David R. Koos 
         Acting Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

