<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1523404_0001558370-16-009533_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10645696</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139567</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>330556</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3803335</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3871700</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1625018</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009533.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107164425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009533
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JP Energy Partners LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001523404
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		IRS NUMBER:				272504700
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36647
		FILM NUMBER:		161978689

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 EAST LAS COLINAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-444-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 EAST LAS COLINAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009533.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 jpep-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

jpep_Current folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from   to 

Commission file number 001-36647 

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

600 East Las Colinas Blvd Suite 2000 

Irving, Texas 75039   (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code):    (972) 444-0300 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES     NO   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  YES     NO   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES     NO   

At October 31, 2016, there were 18,532,298 common units and 18,124,560 subordinated units outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

9  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.      

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

6 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   

7 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

8 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Partners  Capital   

9 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

10 

Item 2.      

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

27 

Item 3.      

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

47 

Item 4.      

Controls and Procedures   

48 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.      

Legal Proceedings   

49 

Item 1A.      

Risk Factors   

49 

Item 2.      

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

49 

Item 5.      

Other Information   

49 

Item 6.      

Exhibits   

51 

SIGNATURES      

52 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I     FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  report  or this  Form 10-Q ) to  JP Energy Partners,   the Partnership,   we,   our,   us,  or like terms refer to JP Energy Partners LP and its subsidiaries, and references to  our general partner  refer to JP Energy GP II LLC, our general partner.  References to  our sponsor  or  Lonestar  refer to Lonestar Midstream Holdings, LLC, which owns and controls our general partner. References to  ArcLight Capital  refer to ArcLight Capital Partners, LLC and references to  ArcLight Fund V  refer to ArcLight Energy Partners Fund V, L.P. References to  ArcLight  refer collectively to ArcLight Capital and ArcLight Fund V. ArcLight Capital manages ArcLight Fund V, which controls our general partner through its ownership and control of Lonestar. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements and information in this Form 10-Q may constitute  forward-looking statements.   The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   plan,   intend,   foresee,   should,   would,   could  or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature.  These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us.  While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate.  All comments concerning our expectations for future operating results are based on our forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions.  Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 

the price of, demand for and production of, crude oil, refined products and natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) in the markets we serve; 

the volumes of crude oil that we gather, transport and store, the throughput volumes at our refined products terminals and our NGL sales volumes; 

the fees we receive for the crude oil, refined products and NGL volumes we handle; 

pressures from our competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources than us; 

the cost of propane that we buy for resale, including due to disruptions in its supply, and whether we are able to pass along cost increases to our customers; 

competitive pressures from other energy sources such as natural gas, which could reduce existing demand for propane; 

the risk of contract cancellation, non-renewal or failure to perform by our customers, and our inability to replace such contracts and/or customers; 

leaks or releases of hydrocarbons into the environment that result in significant costs and liabilities; 

the level of our operating, maintenance and general and administrative expenses; 

regulatory action affecting our existing contracts, our permits, our operating costs or our operating flexibility; 

failure to secure or maintain contracts with our largest customers, or non-performance of any of those customers under the applicable contract; 

3 

Table of Contents  

competitive conditions in our industry; 

changes in the long-term supply or production of and demand for oil, natural gas liquids, refined products and natural gas; 

the availability and cost of capital and our ability to access certain capital sources; 

a deterioration of the credit and capital markets; 

volatility of fuel prices; 

actions taken by our customers, competitors and third-party operators; 

our ability to complete growth projects on time and on budget; 

inclement or hazardous weather conditions, including flooding, and the physical impacts of climate change; 

environmental hazards; 

industrial accidents; 

changes in laws and regulations (or the interpretation thereof) related to the transportation, storage or terminaling of crude oil and refined products or the distribution and sales of NGLs; 

fires, explosions or other accidents; 

the effects of future litigation;  

satisfaction of the conditions to the completion of the proposed AMID Merger (defined in Note 1), including receipt of the approval of our unitholders; 

the timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed AMID Merger, including the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required governmental and regulatory approvals for the proposed merger that could reduce anticipated benefits or cause the parties to abandon the proposed transaction; 

the possibility that the expected synergies and value creation from the proposed AMID Merger will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; 

the risk that the businesses of JPEP and AMID will not be integrated successfully;  

disruption from the proposed AMID Merger making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; 

the risk that unexpected costs will be incurred in connection with the proposed AMID Merger; 

the possibility that the proposed AMID Merger does not close, including due to the failure to satisfy the closing conditions; 

the amount of corporate overhead support provided by our general partner, if any; and 

4 

Table of Contents  

other factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and in our other current and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

5 

Table of Contents  

Item 1.     Financial Statements   

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents  

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PARTNERS  CAPITAL   

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

9 

Table of Contents  

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

(Unaudited) 

1. Business and Basis of Presentation 

Business.    The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented herein contain the results of JP Energy Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and its subsidiaries. All expressions of the  Partnership,   JPE,   us,   we,   our,  and all similar expressions are references to JP Energy Partners LP and our consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context requires otherwise. We were formed in May 2010 by members of management and were further capitalized in June 2011 by ArcLight Capital Partners, LLC ( ArcLight ) to own, operate, develop and acquire a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets. We completed our initial public offering in October 2014. Our operations currently consist of three business segments: (i) crude oil pipelines and storage, (ii) refined products terminals and storage and (iii) NGL distribution and sales, which together provide midstream infrastructure solutions for the growing supply of crude oil, refined products and NGLs, in the United States. JP Energy GP II LLC ( GP II ) is our general partner. 

Basis of Presentation  .  Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016. In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals necessary for fair statement of the financial position and results of operations for such interim periods in accordance with GAAP. Although we believe the disclosures in these financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and the notes thereto should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 

Use of Estimates.    The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which includes the use of estimates and assumptions made by management that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that exist at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements. Although these estimates are based on management s available knowledge of current and expected future events, actual results could be different from those estimates. 

AMID Merger Agreement.   On October 23, 2016, we and our general partner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( LP Merger Agreement ) with American Midstream Partners, L.P. ( AMID ), American Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of AMID ( AMID GP ), and an indirect and wholly owned subsidiary of AMID ( Merger Sub ). The LP Merger Agreement provides that we will be merged with and into Merger Sub ( AMID Merger ), with the Partnership surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID.  

At the effective time of the AMID Merger, (i) each common unit and each subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time, other than common unit and subordinated units of the Partnership held by Lonestar, JP Energy Development LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or their respective affiliates (together, the  Affiliated Holders ) will be converted into the right to receive 0.5775 of a common unit representing limited partner interests in AMID ( AMID Common Unit ) and (ii) each common unit and subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time held by the Affiliated Holders will be converted into the right to receive 0.5225 of an AMID Common Unit. 

10 

Table of Contents  

In connection with the LP Merger Agreement, on October 23, 2016, AMID GP entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  GP Merger Agreement  and, together with the LP Merger Agreement, the  Merger Agreements ) with our general partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP ( GP Merger Sub ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the GP Merger Agreement, GP Merger Sub will merge with and into JPE GP (the  GP Merger  together with the LP Merger, the  Mergers ), with JPE GP surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP.  In connection with the consummation of the GP Merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMID will be admitted as the sole general partner of the Partnership and our general partner will simultaneously cease to be the general partner of the Partnership.  

The receipt of the merger consideration is expected to be tax-free to our unitholders. 

Completion of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of customary closing conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including approval of the AMID Merger by (i) holders of at least a majority of the outstanding common units of the Partnership that are not held by our general partner or its affiliates and the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding subordinated units of the Partnership voting for the adoption of the LP Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, receipt of required regulatory approvals in connection with the merger, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 registering the AMID common units to be issued in connection with the merger. 

The LP Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both AMID and the Partnership. The LP Merger Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the LP Merger Agreement, under certain circumstances, the Partnership may be required to reimburse AMID s expenses, subject to certain limitations, or pay AMID a termination fee equal to $10.0 million less any previous AMID expenses reimbursed by JPE. 

In connection with the Merger Agreements, Lonestar, the Partnership and our general partner entered into an Expense Reimbursement Agreement  providing that Lonestar will reimburse, or will pay directly on behalf of, the Partnership or our general partner the third party reasonable costs and expenses incurred the Partnership or our general partner in connection with the Mergers (as defined below), including  (i) the termination fee and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket legal and financial advisory fees, costs and expenses paid or payable to third parties and incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and performance of the LP Merger Agreement and consummation of the Mergers. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Fair value measurement.    We utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible. We determine fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels: 

Level 1 Inputs Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 Inputs Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date. 

The fair value of our derivatives (see Note 7) was estimated using industry standard valuation models using market-based observable inputs, including commodity pricing and interest rate curves (Level 2). The fair value of our contingent liabilities was determined using the discounted future estimated cash payments based on inputs that are not   

11 

Table of Contents  

observable in the market (Level 3). We do not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Our other financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and long-term debt. The fair value of long-term debt approximates the carrying value as the underlying instruments are at rates similar to current rates offered to us for debt with the same remaining maturities. 

Accounts Receivable  .  Accounts receivable are reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific identification and expectation of collecting considering historical collection results. Account balances considered to be uncollectible are recorded to the allowance for doubtful accounts and charged to bad debt expense, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $987,000 and $1,217,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition.   We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and/or services have been rendered, the seller s price to the buyer is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.   

Revenue-related taxes collected from customers and remitted to taxing authorities, principally sales taxes, are presented on a net basis within the consolidated statements of operations. 

Crude Oil Pipelines and Storage.   The crude oil pipelines and storage segment mainly generates revenues through crude oil sales and pipeline transportation and storage fees. We enter into outright purchase and sale contracts as well as buy/sell contracts with counterparties, under which contracts we gather and transport different types of crude oil and eventually sell the crude oil to either the same counterparty or different counterparties. We account for such revenue arrangements on a gross basis. Occasionally, we enter into crude oil inventory exchange arrangements with the same counterparty for which the purchase and sale of inventory are considered in contemplation of each other. Revenues from such inventory exchange arrangements are recorded on a net basis. Revenues for crude oil pipeline transportation services are recognized upon delivery of the product and when payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured. For certain crude oil pipeline transportation arrangements, we enter into purchase and sale contracts with counterparties instead of pipeline transportation agreements. In such cases, we assess the indicators associated with agent and principal considerations for each arrangement to determine whether revenue should be recorded on a gross basis versus net basis. In addition, we also provide crude oil trucking transportation services to third party customers.  

Refined Products Terminals and Storage.   We generate fee-based revenues for terminal and storage services with longstanding customers under contracts that, consistent with industry practice, typically contain an initial term of one to two years with annual evergreen renewals. Such fee-based revenues are recognized when services are provided upon delivery of the products to customers. Revenues are also generated by selling excess refined products that result from blending, additization and inventory control processes. 

NGL Distribution and Sales.   Revenues from the NGL distribution and sales segment are mainly generated from NGL and refined product sales, sales of the related parts and equipment and through gathering and transportation fees. 

Comprehensive Loss  . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, comprehensive loss was equal to net loss. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements.  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . ASU 2016-15 addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity that exists in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.   The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption of this ASU is permitted.     We adopted ASU 2016-  

12 

Table of Contents  

15 in the third quarter of 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .    This standard makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted.   We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (ASC 842).   Lessees will need to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. It will be critical to identify leases embedded in a contract to avoid misstating the lessee s balance sheet. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines. ASU 2016-02 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years.   We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. This standard does not allow for early adoption except related to credit risk adjustment in other comprehensive income. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,     Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  . ASU 2015-11 changes the measurement principle for inventory measured using any method other than LIFO or the retail inventory method from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  ASU 2015-11 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption of this ASU is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 supersedes the existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the   

13 

Table of Contents  

application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Update Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for public and non-public entities reporting under U.S. GAAP for one year. The FASB also decided to permit entities to early adopt the standard but adoption is not permitted earlier than the original effective date for public entities. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Gross versus Net),   which is intended to provide clarity to principal versus agent considerations when it comes to revenue recognition related to ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   which provides clarity to a few items for identifying performance obligations and licensing where the board had received feedback on the issuance of ASU 2014-09. Neither ASU 2016-08 nor 2016-10 is effective until ASU 2014-09 becomes effective. We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. Discontinued Operations 

On February 1, 2016, we sold certain trucking and marketing assets in the Mid-Continent area (the  Mid-Continent Business ) to JP Development, simultaneous with JP Development s sale of its GSPP pipeline assets to a third party buyer. The sales price related to the Mid-Continent Business was $9,685,000, in cash, which included certain adjustments related to inventory and other working capital items. As of December 31, 2015, the Mid-Continent Business met all the criteria to be classified as assets held for sale in accordance with ASC 360; therefore, we classified all the related assets and liabilities as held for sale in the condensed consolidated balance sheet at that date. The operating results of the Mid-Continent Business have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We combined the cash flows from the Mid-Continent Business with the cash flows from continuing operations for all periods presented in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The Mid-Continent Business will not generate any continuing cash flows subsequent to the date of disposition. Prior to the classification as discontinued operations, we reported the Mid-Continent Business in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. The following table summarizes selected financial information related to the Mid-Continent Business  operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

14 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

The discontinued operations of the Mid-Continent Business are summarized below:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The current and non-current assets and liabilities of the Mid-Continent Business are as follows:  

December 31,   

2015  

(in thousands)  

ASSETS  

Current assets  

Inventory  

$  

2,692

Prepaid expenses and other current assets  

38

Total Current assets of discontinued operations held for sale  

2,730

Non-current assets  

Property, plant and equipment, net  

5,203

Intangible assets, net  

1,138

Deferred financing costs and other assets, net  

303

Total Non-current assets of discontinued operations held for sale  

6,644

Total Assets of discontinued operations held for sale  

$  

9,374

LIABILITIES  

Current liabilities  

Accrued liabilities  

$  

640

Total Current liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale  

$  

640

15 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes other selected financial information related to the Mid-Continent Business:  

4. Net Income per Unit 

Net income per unit applicable to limited partner common units and to limited partner subordinated units is computed by dividing the respective limited partners  interest in net income by the weighted-average number of common units and subordinated units outstanding for the period. Income per limited partner unit is calculated in accordance with the two-class method for determining income per unit for master limited partnerships ( MLPs ) when incentive distribution rights ( IDRs ) and other participating securities are present. The two-class method requires that income per limited partner unit be calculated as if all earnings for the period were distributed as cash, and allocated by applying the provisions of the partnership agreement, and requires a separate calculation for each quarter and year-to-date period. Under the two-class method, any excess of distributions declared over net income is allocated to the partners based on their respective sharing of income specified in the partnership agreement. Diluted net income per unit includes the effects of potentially dilutive units on our common units, consisting of unvested phantom units. Basic and diluted net income per unit applicable to limited partners holding subordinated units are the same because there are no potentially dilutive subordinated units outstanding.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted loss per unit was equal to basic loss per unit because all instruments were antidilutive.  

On October 21, 2016, the Board of Directors of our general partner declared a cash distribution for the third quarter of 2016 of $0.325 per common unit and subordinated unit. The distribution will be paid on November 11, 2016 to unitholders of record as of November 4, 2016. 

16 

Table of Contents  

The following tables   illustrate our calculation of net loss per common and subordinated unit for the three and nine months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following data show securities that could potentially dilute earnings per unit in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per unit because to do so would have been antidilutive for the periods presented: 

17 

Table of Contents  

5. Inventory 

Inventory consists of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

6. Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Bank of America Credit Agreement  .    We have a $275,000,000 revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. (the  BOA Credit Agreement ) that matures on February 12, 2019. As of September 30, 2016, the unused portion of our revolving credit facility was $101,250,000. Issued and outstanding letters of credit, which reduced available borrowings under the BOA Credit Agreement, totaled $14,750,000 at September 30, 2016. The BOA Credit Agreement contains various restrictive covenants and compliance requirements. We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

7. Derivative Instruments 

We are exposed to certain market risks related to the volatility of commodity prices and changes in interest rates.  To monitor and manage these market risks, we have established comprehensive risk management policies and procedures. We do not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than hedging commodity price risk and interest rate risk. We do not speculate using derivative instruments. 

Commodity Price Risk  . Our normal business activities expose us to risks associated with changes in the market price of crude oil, propane and refined products, among other commodities. Management believes it is prudent to limit our exposure to these risks, which include our (i) propane purchases, (ii) pre-existing or anticipated physical crude oil and refined product sales and (iii) certain crude oil held in inventory.  To meet this objective, we use a combination of fixed price swaps, basis swaps and forward contracts. At times, we may also terminate or unwind hedges or portions of hedges in order to meet cash flow objectives or when the expected future volumes do not support the level of hedges. Our forward contracts that qualify for the Normal Purchase Normal Sale ( NPNS ) exception under GAAP are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is delivered.  While these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under ASC 815, they are not recorded at fair value, but on an accrual basis of accounting. If it is determined that a transaction designated as NPNS no longer meets the scope exception, the fair value of the related contract is recorded on the balance sheet and immediately recognized through earnings.   

18 

Table of Contents  

In the first quarter of 2015, we entered into several long-term fixed price forward sale contracts related to certain barrels of crude oil we had on hand as of December 31, 2014, effectively locking these barrels at higher sales prices in future periods.  These forward sale contracts were intended to mitigate the effect of any decline in crude oil prices, but did not qualify for NPNS accounting under GAAP, because we normally buy and sell crude oil inventory either within the same month or in the following month. As a result, these longer than normal term forward sale contracts were given mark-to-market accounting treatment. As these forward sale contracts related to the marketing assets in our Mid-Continent Business (see Note 3), the fair values of the forward contracts were classified as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Mid-Continent forward contracts was $630,000 and was included in current liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The following table summarizes the net notional volume purchases (sales) of our outstanding commodity-related derivatives, excluding those derivatives that qualified for the NPNS exception as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, none of which were designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 

Interest Rate Risk.   We are exposed to variable interest rate risk as a result of variable-rate borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. We entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from interest rate risk on a portion of our debt with a variable-rate component. These swaps effectively change the variable-rate cash flow exposure on the debt obligations to fixed rates. Under the terms of the interest rate swaps, we receive variable interest rate payments and make fixed interest rate payments, thereby creating the equivalent of fixed-rate debt for the portion of the debt that is swapped.  As of September 30, 2016, our outstanding interest rate swap contracts contained a notional amount of $100,000,000 with maturity dates ranging from October 2016 to January 2019. There were no outstanding interest rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2015. 

Credit Risk.   By using derivative instruments to economically hedge exposures to changes in commodity prices and interest rates, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, we do not possess credit risk. We minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high quality counterparties. We have entered into master netting agreements, including Master International Swap Dealers Association ( ISDA ) Agreements, which allow for netting of contract receivables and payables in the event of default by either party. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments.   We measure derivative instruments at fair value using the income approach, which discounts the future net cash settlements expected under the derivative contracts to a present value. These valuations primarily utilize indirectly observable ( level 2 ) inputs, including contractual terms, commodity prices, interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals. None of our derivative contracts are designated as hedging instruments. The following table summarizes the fair values of our derivative contracts included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The following tables present the fair value of our recognized derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis and amounts offset in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements. 

As of December 31, 2015  

Gross Amount Recognized  

Gross Amounts Offset  

Net Amounts Presented in the Balance Sheet  

Financial Collateral  

Net Amount  

(in thousands)  

Derivative Assets:  

Derivative contracts - current  

$  

92

$  

(92)

$  

$  

$  

Derivative contracts - noncurrent  

Derivative Liabilities:  

Derivative contracts - current  

$  

450

$  

(92)

$  

358

$  

$  

358

Derivative contracts - noncurrent  

24

24

24

The following table summarizes the amounts recognized with respect to our derivative instruments within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. None of our derivatives are designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 

20 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents the amounts recognized with respect to derivative instruments related to the Mid-Continent Business, which have been included in amounts classified as discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.   

In the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, the effects of settlements of derivative instruments are classified as operating activities, consistent with the related transactions. 

8. Partners  Capital and Distributions 

Distributions  . Our Partnership Agreement requires that within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash to unitholders of record on the applicable record date, subject to certain terms and conditions. The following table shows the distributions declared by us subsequent to December 31, 2015: 

9. Unit-Based Compensation 

Long-Term Incentive Plan and Phantom Units.    The   2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP )   for our employees, directors and consultants authorizes grants of up to   3,642,700   common units in the aggregate.    Our phantom units issued under our LTIP are primarily composed of two types of grants: (1) service condition grants with vesting over three years in equal annual installments; and (2) service condition grants with cliff vesting on April 1, 2018.  Distributions related to these unvested phantom units are paid concurrent with our distribution for common units. The fair value of our phantom units issued under our LTIP is determined by utilizing the market value of our common units on the respective grant date. 

The following table presents phantom units activity for the nine months ended   September   30, 2016: 

We expect to recognize $2.9 million of compensation expense related to non-vested phantom units over a weighted average period of 1.5 years.   We have estimated a weighted average forfeiture rate of 35% in calculating the unit-based compensation expense.  

Restricted (Non-Vested) Common and Subordinated Units.    All of our restricted Class B common units were granted prior to our IPO in October 2014, and were converted into restricted common units and restricted subordinated units upon the IPO at certain conversion ratios.  

21 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents restricted (non-vested) common and subordinated units activity for the nine months ended   September   30, 2016: 

We expect to recognize $294,000 of compensation expense related to restricted (non-vested) common and subordinated units over a weighted average period of 1.1 years.    

Total unit-based compensation expenses related to our phantom units and restricted (non-vested) common and subordinated units were $451,000 and $301,000 for the three months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,393,000 and $803,000 for the nine months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

22 

Table of Contents  

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

Legal Matters.   We are involved in legal proceedings and litigation in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Environmental Matters.   We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. Such environmental laws and regulations impose numerous obligations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital expenditures to comply with applicable laws and restrictions on the generation, handling, treatment, storage, disposal and transportation of certain materials and wastes.  

Failure to comply with such environmental laws and regulations can result in the assessment of substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial liabilities and even the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting our activities. We have established procedures for the ongoing evaluation of our operations, to identify potential environmental exposures and to comply with regulatory policies and procedures.  

We account for environmental contingencies in accordance with the ASC 410 related to accounting for contingencies. Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations, and do not contribute to current or future revenue generation, are expensed.  

Liabilities are recorded when environmental assessments and/or clean-ups are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had no significant environmental matters. 

11. Reportable Segments 

In the fourth quarter of 2015, we reorganized our business segments to match the change in our internal organization and management structure.  The segment changes reflect the focus of our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) and how performance of operations is evaluated and resources are allocated.  Therefore, the results of our formerly reported crude oil supply and logistics segment have been combined into our crude oil pipelines and storage segment.  As a result of the reorganization, our operations currently consist of three business segments: (i) crude oil pipelines and storage, (ii) refined products terminals and storage and (iii) NGL distribution and sales.  Accordingly, we have presented segment information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 to reflect this new segment adjustment. 

Crude oil pipelines and storage.    The crude oil pipelines and storage segment consists of a crude oil pipeline operation and a crude oil storage facility. The crude oil pipeline operates in the Permian Basin consisting of approximately 157 miles of high-pressure steel pipeline with throughput capacity of approximately 130,000 barrels per day and a related system of truck terminals, LACT bay facilities, crude oil receipt points and crude oil storage facilities with an aggregate of 140,000 barrels of shell storage capacity. We also own a crude oil storage facility that has an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 3,000,000 barrels in Cushing, Oklahoma. 

The crude oil pipelines and storage segment also consists of crude oil supply activities and a fleet of crude oil gathering and transportation trucks. We conduct crude oil supply activities by purchasing crude oil for our own account from producers, aggregators and traders and selling crude oil to traders and refiners. We also own a fleet of crude oil gathering and transportation trucks operating in and around highly prolific drilling areas such as the Eagle Ford shale and the Permian Basin. As described in Note 3, the disposition of the Mid-Continent Business impacts the crude oil pipelines and storage segment, as the results of those operations are now presented within discontinued operations and excluded from the segment information tables. Accordingly, we have recast the segment information. 

Refined products terminals and storage.    The refined products terminals and storage segment has an aggregate storage capacity of 1.3 million barrels in two refined products terminals located in North Little Rock, Arkansas and Caddo Mills, Texas. The North Little Rock terminal has storage capacity of 550,000 barrels in 11 tanks and has eight   

23 

Table of Contents  

loading lanes with automated truck loading equipment. The Caddo Mills terminal consists of 10 storage tanks with an aggregate capacity of approximately 770,000 barrels and has five loading lanes with automated truck loading equipment.  In the second quarter of 2016, we completed the connection of the North Little Rock terminal to Magellan s Little Rock Pipeline. Following the connection, the North Little Rock terminal allows delivery from Enterprise TE Products Pipeline Company LLC and Magellan s Little Rock Pipeline. The Caddo Mills terminal is primarily served by the Explorer Pipeline. 

NGL distribution and sales.    The NGL distribution and sales segment consists of three businesses: (i) portable cylinder tank exchange; (ii) NGL sales through our retail, commercial and wholesale distribution business; and (iii)  NGL gathering and transportation business. Currently, the cylinder exchange network covers 46 states through a network of approximately 20,000 locations, which includes grocery chains, pharmacies, convenience stores and hardware stores. Additionally, in seven states in the southwest region of the United States, we sell NGLs to retailers, wholesalers, industrial end users and commercial and residential customers. We also own a fleet of NGL gathering and transportation operations trucks operating in the Eagle Ford shale and the Permian Basin. 

Corporate and other.   Corporate and other includes general partnership expenses associated with managing all of our reportable segments. 

Our CODM evaluates the segments  operating performance based on Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (minus) interest expense (income), income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, asset impairments, (gains) losses on asset sales, certain non-cash charges such as non-cash equity compensation, non-cash vacation expense, non-cash (gains) losses on commodity derivative contracts (total (gain) loss on commodity derivatives less net cash flow associated with commodity derivatives settled during the period), and selected (gains) charges and transaction costs that are unusual or non-recurring. 

The following tables reflect certain financial data for each reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

24 

Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of total Adjusted EBITDA from reportable segments to loss from continuing operations before income taxes is included in the table below for the periods indicated. 

(1) 

Due to its non-recurring nature, we excluded this transaction in calculating Adjusted EBITDA.     

(2) 

Represents expenses incurred by us that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us.     

Total assets for our reportable segments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

12. Related Party Transactions 

We performed certain management services for JP Development through January 2016. We received a monthly fee for these services, which reduced the general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations by $150,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $50,000 and $450,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Prior to February 2016, JP Development had a pipeline transportation business that provided crude oil pipeline transportation services to our discontinued Mid-Continent Business. As a result of utilizing JP Development s pipeline transportation services, we incurred pipeline tariff fees of $1,599,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $372,000 and $4,864,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which have been included in net loss from discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

As discussed in Note 3, on February 1, 2016, we sold certain trucking and marketing assets in the Mid-Continent area to JP Development in connection with JP Development s sale of its GSPP pipeline assets to a third party. 

25 

Table of Contents  

As a result of the acquisition of the North Little Rock, Arkansas refined product terminal in November 2012, Truman Arnold Companies ( TAC ) owns common and subordinated units in us. In addition, Mr. Greg Arnold, President and CEO of TAC, is one of our directors. Our refined products terminals and storage segment sold refined products to TAC during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We did not sell refined products to TAC during the three months ended September 30, 2016 or during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our revenue from TAC was $244,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which is included in NGL and refined product sales   related parties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

Our NGL distribution and sales segment also purchases refined products from TAC. We paid $271,000 and $385,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $733,000 and $899,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for refined product purchases from TAC, which are included in cost of sales on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Through April 2015, we entered into transactions with CAMS Bluewire, an entity in which ArcLight holds a non-controlling interest. CAMS Bluewire provided IT support for us. We paid $132,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, for IT support and consulting services, and for the purchases of IT equipment, which are included in operating expense, general and administrative and property, plant and equipment, net, in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

We perform certain management services for Republic Midstream, LLC ( Republic ), an entity owned by ArcLight. We charged a monthly fee for these services, which reduced the general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations by $190,000 and $175,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $640,000 and $520,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the second quarter of 2015, we began performing crude transportation and marketing services for Republic. We charged $707,000 and $1,122,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,552,000 and $1,402,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for these services which are included in gathering, transportation and storage fees   related parties and crude oil sales   related parties on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had a receivable balance due from Republic of $406,000 and $646,000, respectively, which is included in receivables from related parties in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our general partner agreed to absorb $5,000,000 of corporate overhead expenses incurred by us and not pass such expense through to us.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, our corporate overhead support from our general partner was $3,000,000. We receive reimbursements for these expenses from our general partner in the quarters subsequent to when they were incurred, which was $3,500,000 and $7,500,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  In the first quarter of 2015, certain executive bonuses related to the year ended December 31, 2014 were paid on our behalf by ArcLight.  In the second quarter of 2015, ArcLight agreed to reimburse us for certain professional fees we incurred.  The total amounts paid on our behalf or reimbursed to us were $2,568,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and were treated as deemed contributions from ArcLight. 

We do not have any employees. The employees supporting our operations are employees of our general partner, and as such, we reimburse our general partner for payroll and other payroll-related expenses we incur.  

26 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited historical condensed consolidated financial statements and notes in  Item 1. Financial Statements  contained herein and our audited historical consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 (our  2015 Form 10-K ). Among other things, those historical consolidated financial statements include more detailed information regarding the basis of presentation for the following information. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below as a result of various risk factors, including those that may not be in the control of management. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled  Risk Factors  included in our 2015 Form 10-K. See also  Forward-Looking Statements.  

General 

We are a growth-oriented limited partnership formed in May 2010 by members of management and further capitalized by ArcLight to own, operate, develop and acquire a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets. We completed our initial public offering in October 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we reorganized our business segments to match the change in our internal organization and management structure. The segment changes reflect the focus of our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) and how performance of operations is evaluated and resources are allocated. Therefore, the results of our formerly reported crude oil supply and logistics segment have been combined into our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. As a result of the reorganization, our operations currently consist of three business segments: (i) crude oil pipelines and storage, (ii) refined products terminals and storage and (iii) NGL distribution and sales. Together our businesses provide midstream infrastructure solutions for the growing supply of crude oil, refined products and NGLs in the United States. Our primary business strategy has been to focus on: 

owning, operating and developing midstream assets serving two of the most prolific shale plays in the United States, as well as serving key crude oil, refined product and NGL distribution hubs; and     

providing midstream infrastructure solutions to users of liquid petroleum products in order to capitalize on changing product flows between producing and consuming markets resulting from the growth in hydrocarbon production across the United States  .     

We are focused on growing our business through organic development, acquiring and constructing additional midstream infrastructure assets and increasing the utilization of our existing assets to gather, transport, store and distribute crude oil, refined products and NGLs. Our crude oil businesses are situated in highly prolific areas, including the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford shale, and provide us with a footprint to increase our volumes if these areas experience further drilling and production growth. In addition, we believe we have a competitive advantage with regard to the sourcing of opportunities to build, own and operate additional crude oil pipelines due to the insights in the market that we obtain while providing services to customers in our crude oil supply and logistics operations within our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. We believe that our NGL distribution and sales segment will continue to grow due to our recent expansion into new geographic markets, an increased market presence in our existing areas of operation and the increase in industrial and commercial applications for NGLs such as in oilfield and agricultural services. 

We conduct our business through fee-based and margin-based arrangements. 

Fee-based.   We charge our customers a capacity, throughput or volume-based fee that is not contingent on commodity price changes. Our fee-based services include the operations in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment, our refined products terminals and storage segment, and the NGL transportation services we provide within our NGL distribution and sales segment. In our crude oil pipelines business, we purchase crude oil at an index price less a transportation fee and simultaneously sell an identical volume of crude oil at a designated delivery point to the same party at the same index price. We consider this a fee-based business because we lock in the economic equivalent of a   

27 

Table of Contents  

transportation fee. Our fee-based businesses are governed by tariffs or other negotiated fee agreements between us and our customers with terms ranging from one month to nine years. 

Margin-based.   We purchase and sell crude oil in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment and NGLs and refined products in our NGL distribution and sales segment. A portion of our margin related to the purchase and sale of crude oil in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment is derived from  fee equivalent  transactions in which we concurrently purchase and sell crude oil at prices that are based on an index, thereby generating revenue consisting of a margin plus our purchase, transportation, handling and storage costs. In our NGL distribution and sales segment, sales prices to our customers generally provide for a margin plus the cost of our products to our customers. We manage commodity price exposure through the structure of our sales and supply contracts and through a managed hedging program. Our risk management policy permits the use of financial instruments to reduce the exposure to changes in commodity prices that occur in the normal course of business, but prohibits the use of financial instruments for trading or to speculate on future changes in commodity prices. 

Recent Developments  

AMID Merger Agreement 

On October 23, 2016, we and our general partner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( LP Merger Agreement ) with American Midstream Partners, L.P. ( AMID ), American Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of AMID ( AMID GP ), and an indirect and wholly owned subsidiary of AMID ( Merger Sub ). The LP Merger Agreement provides that we will be merged with and into Merger Sub ( AMID Merger ), with the Partnership surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID.  

At the effective time of the AMID Merger, (i) each common unit and each subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time, other than common unit and subordinated units of the Partnership held by Lonestar, JP Energy Development LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or their respective affiliates (together, the  Affiliated Holders ) will be converted into the right to receive 0.5775 of a common unit representing limited partner interests in AMID ( AMID Common Unit ) and (ii) each common unit and subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time held by the Affiliated Holders will be converted into the right to receive 0.5225 of an AMID Common Unit. 

Completion of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of customary closing conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including approval of the AMID Merger by (i) holders of at least a majority of the outstanding common units of the Partnership that are not held by our general partner or its affiliates and the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding subordinated units of the Partnership voting for the adoption of the LP Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, receipt of required regulatory approvals in connection with the merger, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 registering the AMID common units to be issued in connection with the merger. 

The LP Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both AMID and the Partnership. The LP Merger Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the LP Merger Agreement, under certain circumstances, the Partnership may be required to reimburse AMID s expenses, subject to certain limitations, or pay AMID a termination fee equal to $10.0 million less any previous AMID expenses reimbursed by JPE. 

In connection with the LP Merger Agreement, on October 23, 2016, AMID GP entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  GP Merger Agreement  and, together with the LP Merger Agreement, the  Merger Agreements ) with our general partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP ( GP Merger Sub ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the GP Merger Agreement, GP Merger Sub will merge with and into JPE GP (the  GP Merger  together with the LP Merger, the  Mergers ), with JPE GP surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP.   

28 

Table of Contents  

In connection with the Merger Agreements, Lonestar, the Partnership and our general partner entered into an Expense Reimbursement Agreement  providing that Lonestar will reimburse, or will pay directly on behalf of, the Partnership or our general partner the third party reasonable costs and expenses incurred the Partnership or our general partner in connection with the Mergers (as defined below), including  (i) the termination fee and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket legal and financial advisory fees, costs and expenses paid or payable to third parties and incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and performance of the LP Merger Agreement and consummation of the Mergers. 

Disposition of Mid-Continent Crude Oil Supply and Logistics Assets 

On February 1, 2016, we sold certain trucking and marketing assets in the Mid-Continent area (the  Mid-Continent Business ), in connection with JP Development s sale of its GSPP pipeline assets to a third party buyer. The sales price related to the Mid-Continent Business was $9.7 million, which included certain adjustments related to inventory and other working capital items. We utilized the proceeds from the sale of the Mid-Continent Business to pay down a portion of our revolving credit facility. We continue to retain our crude oil storage operations in the Mid-Continent area of Oklahoma. 

Recent Trends  

Changes in Commodity Prices 

Average daily prices for NYMEX West Texas Intermediate crude oil ranged from a high of $51.23 per barrel to a low of $26.19 per barrel during the period from January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016. Fluctuations in energy prices can also greatly affect the development of new crude oil reserves, including reserves in our areas of operation in the Midland Basin. Declines in commodity prices of crude oil could have a negative impact on exploration, development and production activity, and, if sustained, could lead to a material decrease in such activity. Sustained reductions in exploration or production activity in our areas of operation would lead to reduced utilization of our assets and increased competition for production volumes. We are unable to predict future potential movements in the market price for crude oil and, thus, cannot predict the ultimate impact of commodity prices on our operations. If commodity prices trend lower as they did in 2015 and early 2016, this could lead to reduced profitability and may result in future potential impairments of long-lived assets, goodwill or intangible assets. We performed our annual impairment assessment of goodwill at year end of 2015, which resulted in an impairment charge of $29.9 million. Due to the market conditions discussed above, there is an increased likelihood of incurring additional future goodwill impairments, which may be material.   

How We Evaluate Our Operations 

Our management uses a variety of financial and operational metrics to analyze our performance. We view these metrics as important factors in evaluating our profitability and review these measurements for consistency and trend analysis. These metrics include volumes, revenues, cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, operating expenses, Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin. 

Volumes and revenues 

Crude oil pipelines and storage.        The amount of revenue we generate from our crude oil pipelines business depends primarily on throughput volumes. We generate a substantial majority of our crude oil pipeline revenues through long-term contracts containing acreage dedications or minimum volume commitments. Throughput volumes on our pipeline system are affected primarily by the supply of crude oil in the market served by our assets. The revenue generated from our crude oil supply and logistics business depends on the volume of crude oil we purchase from producers, aggregators and traders and then sell to producers, traders and refiners as well as the volumes of crude oil that we gather and transport. The volume of our crude oil supply and logistics activities and the volumes transported by our crude oil gathering and transportation trucks are affected by the supply of crude oil in the markets served directly or indirectly by our assets. Accordingly, we actively monitor producer activity in the areas served by our crude oil supply and logistics business and other producing areas in the United States to compete for volumes from crude oil producers. Revenues in this business are also      

29 

Table of Contents  

impacted by changes in the market price of commodities that we pass through to our customers.  The volume of crude oil stored at our crude oil storage facility in Cushing, Oklahoma has no impact on the revenue generated by our crude oil storage business because we receive a fixed monthly fee per barrel of shell capacity that is not contingent on the usage of our storage tanks  .     

Refined products terminals and storage.        The amount of revenue we generate from our refined products terminals depends primarily on the volume of refined products that we handle. These volumes are affected primarily by the supply of and demand for refined products in the markets served directly or indirectly by our refined products terminals, which we believe are strategically located to take advantage of infrastructure development opportunities resulting from growing markets  .     

NGL distribution and sales.        The amount of revenue we generate from our NGL distribution and sales segment depends on the gallons of NGLs we sell through our cylinder exchange and NGL sales businesses. In addition, our NGL transportation operations generate revenue based on the number of gallons of NGLs we gather and the distance we transport those gallons for our customers. Revenues in this segment are also impacted by changes in the market price of commodities that we pass through to our customers  .     

Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization.        Our management attempts to minimize cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, in order to enhance the profitability of our operations. Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, includes the costs to purchase the product and any costs incurred to transport the product to the point of sale and to store the product until it is sold. We seek to minimize cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, by attempting to acquire the products which we use in each of our segments at times and prices which are most optimal based on our knowledge of the industry and the regions in which we operate  . 

Operating expenses.        Our management seeks to maximize the profitability of our operations in part by minimizing operating expenses. These expenses are comprised of payroll, wages and benefits, utility costs, fleet costs, repair and maintenance costs, rent, fuel, insurance premiums, taxes and other operating costs, some of which are independent of the volumes we handle  . 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin.        Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin to analyze our performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (minus) interest expense (income), income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, asset impairments, (gains) losses on asset sales, certain non-cash charges such as non-cash equity compensation, non-cash vacation expense, non-cash (gains) losses on commodity derivative contracts (total (gain) loss on commodity derivatives less net cash flow associated with commodity derivatives settled during the period) and selected (gains) charges and transaction costs that are unusual or non-recurring. We define adjusted gross margin as total revenues minus cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, and certain non-cash charges such as non-cash vacation expense and non-cash gains (losses) on derivative contracts (total gain (losses) on commodity derivatives less net cash flow associated with commodity derivatives settled during the period). 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin are supplemental, non-GAAP financial measures used by management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors and commercial banks, to assess: 

our operating performance as compared to those of other companies in the midstream sector, without regard to financing methods, historical cost basis or capital structure;     

the ability of our assets to generate sufficient cash flow to make distributions to our unitholders; and     

the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities.     

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin are not financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides information useful to investors in   

30 

Table of Contents  

assessing our financial condition and results of operations. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin are net income (loss) and operating income (loss), respectively. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss), operating income (loss) or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income (loss) and operating income (loss) and these measures may vary among other companies. As a result, Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. 

31 

Table of Contents  

Set forth below are reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin to their most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

(1) 

Due to its non-recurring nature, we excluded this transaction in calculating Adjusted EBITDA.     

(2) 

Represents expenses incurred by us that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us.        

(3) 

In   February 2016, we completed the sale of our   Mid-Continent Business  .     

32 

Table of Contents  

(1) 

Due to its non-recurring nature, we excluded this transaction in calculating Adjusted EBITDA.     

33 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented. 

(1) 

In February 2016, we completed the sale of our   Mid-Continent Business.     

34 

Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consolidated Results 

(1) 

See further analysis of Adjusted EBITDA of each reportable segment below.     

(2) 

In February 2016, we completed the sale of our   Mid-Continent Business.     

Corporate and other Adjusted EBITDA.   Corporate and other Adjusted EBITDA primarily represents corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments. Such expenses increased to $5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to $3.0 million of expenses incurred by us during the three months ended September 30, 2015, that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us.  

Loss on disposal of assets, net.   The increase in loss on disposal of assets, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from the three months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily due to an increase in the amount of scrapped cylinders and valve assets in our propane cylinder exchange business.    

Total gain (loss) on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity derivatives settled during the period.   The changes in both total gain (loss) on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity derivatives settled during the period are primarily due to the more favorable position of our propane and crude hedges during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Early settlement of commodity derivatives.   In the three months ended September 30, 2015, we paid approximately $8.7 million to settle all of our outstanding propane financial swap contracts that were scheduled to mature at various dates through April 2017. Due to the non-recurring nature, we excluded the $8.7 million one-time early settlement of commodity derivatives in calculating Adjusted EBITDA.  

Non-cash inventory costing adjustment.   We use the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method to calculate the cost of our crude oil inventory.  Occasionally, we physically hold the crude oil inventory   during contango market conditions (when the price of crude oil for future delivery is higher than current prices)  .  The non-cash inventory costing adjustment   

35 

Table of Contents  

reflects the difference between the actual purchase price for this crude oil inventory and the cost calculated under the FIFO method.   As a result, we have excluded the $1.4 million non-cash inventory costing adjustment in calculating Adjusted EBITDA, which will result in realization of the actual cost of this inventory in the same period when the inventory is physically sold.  

Corporate overhead support from general partner.   The decrease in corporate overhead support from general partner of $3.0 million is due to expenses incurred by us during the three months ended September 30, 2015, that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us. We have received corporate overhead support from our general partner in each quarter since the third quarter of 2015.  This support is evaluated on a quarterly basis by our general partner.  As a part of the planned merger with American Midstream, ArcLight affiliates have agreed to provide additional support to the combined partnership to achieve average annual distributable cash flow per unit accretion of approximately 5% for 2017 and 2018.  In addition, affiliates of ArcLight have agreed to reimburse us for all costs associated with the proposed merger transaction.  Due to these significant additional support commitments, our general partner has determined not to provide any corporate overhead support for the third quarter of 2016. 

Discontinued operations.   Discontinued operations primarily represents non-cash depreciation and amortization expense, non-cash inventory costing adjustments and the total gain on commodity derivatives and net cash receipts for commodity derivatives settled during the period related to the discontinued operations previously owned by our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. Such amounts were $0.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a $3.7 million non-cash inventory costing adjustment and depreciation and amortization expense of $0.6 million  in the three months ended September 30, 2015. As noted above, we use the FIFO method to calculate the cost of our crude oil inventory. During the first quarter of 2015, we entered into several fixed price forward sale contracts that settled during the third and fourth quarters of 2015. We physically held the crude oil inventory associated with those forward sales contracts until the time of the sale. The non-cash inventory costing adjustment reflected the difference between the actual purchase price for the crude oil inventory and the cost calculated under the FIFO method. As a result, we excluded the $3.7 million non-cash inventory costing adjustment in calculating Adjusted EBITDA in the three months ended September 30, 2015, which resulted in realization of the actual cost of the inventory in the same period when the inventory was physically sold. This decrease was partially offset by changes in the total gain on commodity derivatives and net cash receipts for commodity derivatives settled during the period of $3.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Segment Operating Results 

Crude Oil Pipelines and Storage 

(1) 

Represents the average daily throughput volume in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. The volumes in our crude oil storage facility are excluded because they have no effect on operations as we receive a set fee per month that does not fluctuate with the volume of crude oil stored  .     

(2) 

Represents the average daily sales volume in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment  .     

(3) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization and operating expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Volumes.   Crude oil pipeline throughput volumes decreased to 25,308 barrels per day for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 28,240 barrels per day for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Crude oil sales volumes decreased to 23,349 barrels per day for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 25,184 barrels per day for the three months ended September 30, 2015. These decreases are primarily due to an overall reduction in our customer crude oil production volumes in our areas of operation.  However, producer activity around our Silver Dollar Pipeline has recently increased, resulting in average pipeline throughput volumes of approximately 30,000 barrels per day in October 2016. 

Adjusted gross margin.   Adjusted gross margin increased to $10.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in crude oil sales margin of $2.7 million due to the capturing of more favorable margins associated with previously stored inventory during contango market conditions as well as more favorable regional pricing spreads on bulk purchased crude oil.  This increase is partially offset by a decrease in crude oil sales and throughput volumes of $0.3 million and $0.4 million, respectively, as explained above. 

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to reductions in personnel costs of $0.3 million from lower headcount. 

37 

Table of Contents  

Refined Products Terminals and Storage 

(1) 

Represents the average daily throughput volume in our refined products terminals and storage segment.     

(2) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization and operating expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Volumes.   Volumes decreased to 55,675 barrels per day for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 66,967 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   The decrease was primarily due to increased competition. 

Revenues.   Revenues increased to $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in refined products sales revenue of $0.2 million related to the timing of our sale of excess volumes in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Cost of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization.   Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased to $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to timing of sales of our butane blending volumes. 

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a non-recurring charge of $0.2 million at our North Little Rock, Arkansas terminal in the three months ended September 30, 2015, related to the final settlement of under-delivered product volumes with one of our customers.  

38 

Table of Contents  

NGL Distribution and Sales 

(1) 

Represents the average daily sales volume in our NGL distribution and sales segment.     

(2) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Adjusted gross margin.   Adjusted gross margin decreased to $18.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $24.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease was driven by a reduction in both NGL and refined product sales margin and volumes of $2.1 million and $4.6 million, respectively.  The average NGL and refined products sales margin decreased due to less favorable market conditions in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The reduction in NGL and refined product sales volumes was primarily due to a decline in volumes associated with oilfield services as a result of lower exploration and production activity in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the prolonged impact of last winter s unseasonably warm weather. 

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $13.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $15.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in employee and distribution costs of $1.0 million and $0.9 million, respectively.  The decrease in employee costs was related to a reduction in headcount while the decline in distribution costs was driven by lower volumes and improved fleet efficiencies.  

General and administrative.   General and administrative expenses decreased to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to overall cost reduction efforts. The decrease is primarily due to a reduction in bad debt expense of $0.2 million from an improvement in collection efforts and lower personnel costs of $0.2 million related to reduction in headcount. 

39 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consolidated Results 

(1) 

See further analysis of Adjusted EBITDA of each reportable segment below.     

(2) 

In February 2016, we completed the sale of our Mid-Continent Business.     

Discontinued operations Adjusted EBITDA.   Adjusted EBITDA related to discontinued operations included previously in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment decreased $2.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in crude oil sales volumes and crude oil sales margin in our operations in the Mid-Continent region of Oklahoma and Kansas. We completed the sale of our Mid-Continent Business in February 2016. 

Corporate and other Adjusted EBITDA.   Corporate and other Adjusted EBITDA primarily represents corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments. Such expenses decreased to $13.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $16.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in corporate overhead support from our general partner of $2.0 million and a reduction in employee expenses of $0.9 million from a reduction in corporate headcount and general cost reduction initiatives.  The corporate overhead support represents expenses incurred by us during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us.   

Depreciation and amortization expense  . Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $34.7 million from $34.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to growth projects associated with our Silver Dollar Pipeline System in 2015 as well as with our North Little Rock refined products terminal throughout 2015 and early 2016. Our average depreciable asset base increased from $311.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $356.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

40 

Table of Contents  

Interest expense.   Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $5.2 million from $3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to non-cash losses on interest rate swaps and an increase in average outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  Our interest rate swaps are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes; therefore, changes in fair value are recorded in earnings each period.  Losses on interest rate swaps increased $0.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of forward market interest rates decreasing in the first half of 2016. Our average outstanding borrowings increased from $132.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $159.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Loss on disposal of assets, net.   The increase in loss on disposal of assets, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily due to an increase in the number of cages disposed of in our propane cylinder exchange business.    

Unit-based compensation.    Unit-based compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $1.4 million from $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the additional LTIP phantom units granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Total loss on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity derivatives settled during the period.   The reduction in both total loss on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity   derivatives settled during the period are primarily due to the more favorable position of our propane and crude hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Early settlement of commodity derivatives.   In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we paid approximately $8.7 million to settle all of our outstanding propane financial swap contracts that were scheduled to mature at various dates through April 2017. Due to the non-recurring nature, we excluded the $8.7 million one-time early settlement of commodity derivatives in calculating Adjusted EBITDA.  

Corporate overhead support from general partner.   Corporate overhead support from general partner for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $5.0 million from $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These amounts represent expenses incurred by us during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, that were absorbed by our general partner and not passed through to us. We have received corporate overhead support from our general partner in each quarter since the third quarter of 2015.  This support is evaluated on a quarterly basis by our general partner.  As a part of the planned merger with American Midstream, ArcLight affiliates have agreed to provide additional support to the combined partnership to achieve average annual distributable cash flow per unit accretion of approximately 5% for 2017 and 2018.  In addition, affiliates of ArcLight have agreed to reimburse us for all costs associated with the proposed merger transaction.  Due to these significant additional support commitments, our general partner has determined not to provide any corporate overhead support for the third quarter of 2016. 

Discontinued operations.    Discontinued operations primarily represents non-cash depreciation and amortization expense, the total gain (loss) on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity derivatives settled during the period, non-cash inventory costing adjustments and interest expense related to the discontinued operations previously owned by our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. Such amounts decreased to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in non-cash inventory costing adjustment of $2.7 million and reduction in depreciation and amortization expense of $1.5 million. We use the FIFO method to calculate the cost of our crude oil inventory. During the first quarter of 2015, we entered into several fixed price forward sale contracts that settled during the third and fourth quarters of 2015. We physically held the crude oil inventory associated with those forward sales contracts until the time of the sale. The non-cash inventory costing adjustment reflected the difference between the actual purchase price for the crude oil inventory and the cost calculated under the FIFO method. As a result, we excluded the $2.7 million non-cash inventory costing adjustment in calculating Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which resulted in realization of the actual cost of the inventory in the same period when the inventory was physically sold. In addition, interest expense decreased $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These decreases are partially offset by changes in the total gain (loss) on commodity derivatives and net cash payments for commodity derivatives settled during the period of $2.1 million. 

41 

Table of Contents  

Segment Operating Results 

Crude Oil Pipelines and Storage 

(1) 

Represents the average daily throughput volume in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment. The volumes in our crude oil storage facility are excluded because they have no effect on operations as we receive a set fee per month that does not fluctuate with the volume of crude oil stored.     

(2) 

Represents the average daily sales volume in our crude oil pipelines and storage segment  .     

(3) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Volumes.   Crude oil pipeline throughput volumes decreased to 25,228 barrels per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 28,704 barrels per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Crude oil sales volumes decreased to 22,381 barrels per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 29,422 barrels per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These decreases are primarily due to an overall reduction in our customer crude oil production volumes in our areas of operation.  However, producer activity around our Silver Dollar Pipeline has recently increased, resulting in average pipeline throughput volumes of approximately 30,000 barrels per day in October 2016. 

Adjusted gross margin.   Adjusted gross margin increased to $27.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $26.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in crude oil sales margin of $5.6 million due to the capturing of more favorable margins associated with previously stored inventory during contango market conditions as well as more favorable regional pricing spreads on bulk purchased crude oil.  This increase is partially offset by a decrease in crude oil sales and throughput volumes of $2.6 million and $1.2 million, respectively, as explained above. 

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to reductions in personnel costs of $1.3 million from lower headcount. 

42 

Table of Contents  

Refined Products Terminals and Storage 

(1) 

Represents the average daily throughput volume in our refined products terminals and storage segment.     

(2) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization and operating expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Volumes.   Volumes decreased to 57,649 barrels per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 63,954 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   The decrease was primarily due to increased competition in our area of operations and   a non-recurring increase in volumes in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from a refinery turnaround in our area of operations during that period  . 

Revenues.   Revenues increased to $19.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $14.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in refined products sales revenue of $4.1 million related to the addition of butane blending capabilities at our North Little Rock Terminal in the second quarter of 2015.  

Cost of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization.   Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased to $6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in butane blending sales volumes. 

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to $0.2 million related to inadvertent product releases and $0.2 million from the final settlement of the under-delivered product volumes with a certain customer, both of which were incurred in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

43 

Table of Contents  

NGL Distribution and Sales 

(1) 

Represents the average daily sales volume in our NGL distribution and sales segment.     

(2) 

Certain expenses have been excluded from cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for the purpose of calculating segment Adjusted EBITDA  .     

Adjusted gross margin.   Adjusted gross margin decreased to $68.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $75.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease was driven by a reduction in NGL and refined product sales volumes of $10.8 million, partially offset by an increase in average NGL and refined product sales margin of $4.2 million.  The reduction in NGL and refined product sales volumes was primarily due to a decline in volumes associated with oilfield services as a result of lower exploration and production activity and overall warmer than normal temperatures sustained in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The average NGL and refined products sales margin increased due to more favorable market conditions in the earlier months of 2016 compared to the same months in the prior year.   

Operating expenses.   Operating expenses decreased to $40.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $42.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in distribution and employee costs of $1.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively.  The decrease in distribution costs was driven by lower volumes and improved fleet efficiencies while the decline in employee costs was related to a reduction in headcount.   

General and administrative.   General and administrative expenses decreased to $7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to overall cost reduction efforts. The decrease is primarily due to a reduction in bad debt expense of $0.9 million from an improvement in collection efforts and lower personnel costs of $0.8 million related to a reduction in headcount.  The remaining decrease is due to small reductions in various expenses from our cost reduction efforts. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We principally require liquidity to finance current operations, fund capital expenditures, including acquisitions from time to time, service our debt and pay distributions. We expect our sources of liquidity to include cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and issuances of debt and equity. 

We believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet our operating needs, our planned short-term capital and debt service requirements and our cash distribution requirements. We believe that future internal growth projects or potential acquisitions will be   

44 

Table of Contents  

funded primarily through borrowings under our revolving credit facility or through issuances of debt and equity securities. However, future issuances of equity securities are less likely without a recovery in the market price of our common units from current depressed levels. 

Distributions 

We intend to pay a minimum quarterly distribution of $0.3250 per unit per quarter, which equates to approximately $12.1 million per quarter, or $48.4 million per year, calculated based on the number of common and subordinated units outstanding as of October 21, 2016 and estimated unvested phantom units under our long-term incentive plan. We do not have a legal obligation to pay this distribution, except as provided in our partnership agreement. We currently estimate that our distributable cash flow in certain quarters of 2016 will be less than our anticipated distributions to unitholders during those periods. This shortfall is expected to be temporary and is expected to be funded with a combination of borrowings from our revolving credit facility and potential corporate overhead support from our general partner. A distribution of $0.3250 per common unit and subordinated unit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was declared on October 25, 2016 and will be paid on November 11, 2016 to unitholders of record as of November 4, 2016. 

Revolving Credit Facility 

Our revolving credit facility has a maturity date of February 12, 2019 and consists of a $275.0 million revolving line of credit, which includes a sub-limit of up to $100.0 million for letters of credit, and contains an accordion feature that will allow us to increase the borrowing capacity thereunder from $275.0 million to $425.0 million, subject to obtaining additional or increased lender commitments. Our revolving credit facility is available for refinancing and repayment of certain existing indebtedness, working capital, capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions and for general partnership purposes, including distributions, not in contravention of law or the loan documents. Substantially all of our assets, excluding equity in and assets of unrestricted subsidiaries and other customary exclusions, are pledged as collateral under our revolving credit facility. Our revolving credit facility contains customary covenants, including, among others, those that restrict our ability to make or limit certain payments, distributions, acquisitions, loans, or investments, incur certain indebtedness or create certain liens on our assets. Our revolving credit facility also requires compliance with certain financial covenants, which include the following: 

a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50; 

prior to our issuance of certain unsecured notes, (i) a consolidated net total leverage ratio of not more than 4.50 and (ii) from and after our issuance of certain unsecured notes, a consolidated net total leverage ratio of not more than 5.00  ; 

from and after our issuance of certain unsecured notes, a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of not more than 3.50; and 

available liquidity of not less than $25.0 million  . 

We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

As of October  31, 2016, we had $162.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and a remaining borrowing capacity of $93.1 million thereunder. Issued and outstanding letters of credit, which reduced borrowing capacity, totaled $19.9 million as of October 31, 2016. 

Borrowings under our revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a Base Rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, (2) the prime rate of Bank of America, and (3) LIBOR, subject to certain adjustments, plus 1.00% or (b) LIBOR, in each case plus an Applicable Rate (Base Rate, LIBOR and Applicable Rate each as defined in our revolving credit facility). As of   

45 

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016, the Applicable Rate for Base Rate loans was 1.00% and the Applicable Rate for LIBOR loans was 2.00%, in each case based on our consolidated net total leverage ratio. 

Cash Flow 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities were as follows for the periods indicated: 

Cash provided by operating activities.      Cash provided by operating activities was $47.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $23.4 million increase was primarily due to a $15.2 million reduction in cash payments for commodity derivatives settled, primarily related to our propane financial swap contracts and a $9.4 million increase from the timing of collections and payments. 

Cash used in investing activities.      Cash used in investing activities was $8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $68.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $60.0 million decrease was primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures of $38.0 million and an increase of  $10.0 million in proceeds from the sale of assets, which includes the sale of our trucking and marketing assets in the Mid-Continent Business.  The nine months ended September 30, 2015 also included $12.6 million in cash used for the acquisition of Southern Propane. 

Cash (used in) provided by financing activities.      Cash used in financing activities was $39.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $49.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $88.9 million change was primarily due to a reduction in net borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $87.0 million and an increase in distributions paid to unitholders of $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The nine months ended September 30, 2015 also included $1.2 million in cash contributions received from our general partner. 

Cash flows from discontinued operations.      We combined the cash flows from discontinued operations with the cash flows from continuing operations. The cash flows from discontinued operations related to our operating, investing and financing activities were insignificant. We do not expect the absence of cash flows from these discontinued operations will have a significant impact to our future liquidity. 

Capital Expenditures 

Our capital spending program is focused on expanding our pipeline, maintaining our fleet and storage assets and maintaining and updating our information systems. Capital expenditure plans are generally evaluated based on return on investment and estimated incremental cash flow. In addition to annually recurring capital expenditures, potential acquisition opportunities are evaluated based on their anticipated return on invested capital, accretive impact to operating results and strategic fit. 

Under our partnership agreement, maintenance capital expenditures are capital expenditures made to maintain our operating income or operating capacity, while growth capital expenditures are capital expenditures that we expect will increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long-term. Examples of maintenance capital  expenditures are those made to replace partially or fully depreciated assets, to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and to extend their useful lives, or other capital expenditures that are incurred in maintaining existing system   

46 

Table of Contents  

volumes and related cash flows. In contrast, growth capital expenditures are those made to acquire additional assets to grow our business, to expand and upgrade our systems and facilities and to construct or acquire similar systems or facilities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we spent $19.7 million on capital expenditures, of which $2.6 million represents maintenance capital expenditures and $17.1 million represents growth capital expenditures. We have budgeted $5.0 million in maintenance capital expenditures for the year ending December 31, 2016. We expect growth capital expenditures for the year ending December 31, 2016 to be in the lower end of our previously provided guidance range of $25.0 million to $35.0 million. 

Although we intend to move forward with our planned internal growth projects, we may further revise the timing and scope of these projects as necessary to adapt to existing economic conditions and the benefits expected to accrue to our unitholders from our expansion activities. We expect to fund our growth capital expenditures with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and a combination of debt and equity issuances. 

Working Capital 

Our working capital is the amount by which our current assets exceed our current liabilities and is a measure of our ability to pay our liabilities as they come due. Our working capital was $2.5 million and $16.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Our working capital requirements have been and will continue to be primarily driven by changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable, which generally fluctuate with changes in the market prices of commodities that we buy and sell in the ordinary course of our business. Other factors impacting changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable could include the timing of collections from customers and payments to suppliers, as well as our level of spending for maintenance and growth capital expenditures. A material adverse change in our operations or available financing under our revolving credit facility could impact our ability to fund our working capital requirements for liquidity and capital resources. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements that would result in off balance sheet liabilities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements are set forth in our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and have not changed. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.   

Commodity price risk.   Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We manage exposure to commodity price risk in our business segments through the structure of our sales and supply contracts and through a managed hedging program. Our risk management policy permits the use of financial instruments to reduce the exposure to changes in commodity prices that occur in the normal course of business but prohibits the use of financial instruments for trading or to speculate on future changes in commodity prices. See note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item I of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

In our crude oil pipelines and storage segment, we purchase and take title to a portion of the crude oil that we sell, which exposes us to changes in the price of crude oil in our sales markets. We manage this commodity price risk by limiting our net open positions and through the concurrent purchase and sale of like quantities of crude oil that are intended to lock in positive margins based on the timing, location or quality of the crude oil purchased and delivered. In our refined products terminals and storage segment, we sell excess volumes of refined products and our gross margin is impacted by changes in the market prices for these sales. We may execute forward sales contracts or financial swaps to   

47 

Table of Contents  

reduce the risk of commodity price changes in this segment. In our NGL distribution and sales business, we are generally able to pass through the cost of products through sales prices to our customers. To the extent we enter into fixed price product sales contracts in this business, we generally hedge our supply costs using fixed price forward contracts and swap contracts. In our cylinder exchange business, we sell approximately half of our volumes pursuant to contracts of generally one to three years in duration, which allow us to re-negotiate prices at the time of contract renewal, and we sell the remaining volumes on demand or under month-to-month contracts and generally adjust prices on these contracts on an annual basis. We hedge a majority of the forecasted volumes under our fixed-price contracts using financial swaps, and we may also use financial swaps to manage commodity price risk on our month-to-month contracts. At times we may also terminate or unwind hedges or a portion of hedges in order to meet cash flow objectives or when the expected future volumes do not support the level of hedges. In our NGL transportation business, we do not take title to the products we transport and therefore have no direct commodity price exposure. 

Sensitivity analysis.   The table below summarizes our commodity-related financial derivative instruments and fair values, as well as the effect on fair value of an assumed hypothetical 10% change in the underlying price of the commodity. 

Price-risk sensitivities were calculated by assuming a theoretical 10% change (increase or decrease) in price regardless of term or historical relationships between the contractual price of the instruments and the underlying commodity price. Results are presented in absolute terms and represent a potential gain or loss in net income. The preceding hypothetical analysis is limited because changes in prices may or may not equal 10% and actual results may differ. 

Interest rate risk.   Our revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable rate and exposes us to interest rate risk. From time to time, we may use certain derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to variable interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, $100.0 million of our outstanding debt is economically hedged using financial interest rate swaps. Based on our unhedged interest rate exposure to variable rate debt outstanding as of September 30, 2016, a 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would change annual interest expense by approximately $0.6 million. 

We do not hold or purchase financial instruments or derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 

Credit risk.   We are exposed to credit risk. Credit risk represents the loss that we would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. We manage our exposure to credit risk associated with customers to whom we extend credit through analyzing the counterparties  financial condition prior to entering into an agreement, establishing credit limits, monitoring the appropriateness of these limits on an ongoing basis and entering into netting agreements that allow for offsetting counterparty receivable and payable balances for certain transactions, as deemed appropriate. We may request letters of credit, cash collateral, prepayments or guarantees as forms of credit support. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including   

48 

Table of Contents  

our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures  . 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   

The information required for this item is provided in Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies, included in the unaudited notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item I of this Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

In addition to the information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors under Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There has been no material change in our risk factors from those described in our 2015 Form 10-K. Such risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business or our operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

The following table summarizes our repurchases of equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1) 

Represents units withheld to satisfy employees  tax withholding obligations in connection with vesting of phantom units during the period.     

Item 5. Other Information.   

On October 23, 2016, we and our general partner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( LP Merger Agreement ) with American Midstream Partners, L.P. ( AMID ), American Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of AMID ( AMID GP ), and an indirect and wholly owned subsidiary of AMID ( Merger Sub ). The LP Merger Agreement provides that we will be merged with and into Merger Sub ( AMID Merger ), with the Partnership surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID.  

At the effective time of the AMID Merger, (i) each common unit and each subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time, other than common unit and subordinated units of the Partnership held by Lonestar, JP Energy Development LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or their respective affiliates (together, the  Affiliated Holders ) will be converted into the right to receive 0.5775 of a common unit representing limited partner interests in AMID ( AMID Common Unit ) and (ii) each common unit and subordinated unit of the Partnership issued and outstanding or deemed issued and outstanding as of   

49 

Table of Contents  

immediately prior to the effective time held by the Affiliated Holders will be converted into the right to receive 0.5225 of an AMID Common Unit. 

Completion of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of customary closing conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including approval of the AMID Merger by (i) holders of at least a majority of the outstanding common units of the Partnership that are not held by our general partner or its affiliates and the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding subordinated units of the Partnership voting for the adoption of the LP Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, receipt of required regulatory approvals in connection with the merger, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 registering the AMID common units to be issued in connection with the merger. 

The LP Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both AMID and the Partnership. The LP Merger Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the LP Merger Agreement, under certain circumstances, the Partnership may be required to reimburse AMID s expenses, subject to certain limitations, or pay AMID a termination fee equal to $10.0 million less any previous AMID expenses reimbursed by JPE. 

In connection with the LP Merger Agreement, on October 23, 2016, AMID GP entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  GP Merger Agreement  and, together with the LP Merger Agreement, the  Merger Agreements ) with our general partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP ( GP Merger Sub ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the GP Merger Agreement, GP Merger Sub will merge with and into JPE GP (the  GP Merger  together with the LP Merger, the  Mergers ), with JPE GP surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMID GP.   

In connection with the Merger Agreements, Lonestar, the Partnership and our general partner entered into an Expense Reimbursement Agreement  providing that Lonestar will reimburse, or will pay directly on behalf of, the Partnership or our general partner the third party reasonable costs and expenses incurred the Partnership or our general partner in connection with the Mergers (as defined below), including  (i) the termination fee and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket legal and financial advisory fees, costs and expenses paid or payable to third parties and incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and performance of the LP Merger Agreement and consummation of the Mergers. 

50 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits.    

Exhibit Number  

Description  

2.1*  

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2016, by and among American Midstream Partners, LP, American Midstream GP, LLC, JP Energy Partners LP, JP Energy GP II LLC, Argo Merger Sub, LLC, and Argo Merger GP Sub, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2016).  

3.1*  

Certificate of Limited Partnership of JP Energy Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-195787) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014).  

3.2*  

Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnerships of JP Energy Partners LP dated October 7, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2014).  

4.1*  

Registration Rights Agreement dated November 27, 2012 among JP Energy Partners LP, Arkansas Terminaling and Training Inc., Michal Coulson, Mary Ann Dawkins and White Properties II Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-195787) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014).  

10.1*  

Expense Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2016, by and among JP Energy Partners LP, JP Energy GP II LLC and Lonestar Midstream Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2016).  

31.1**    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2**    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1**    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2**    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS**  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH**  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL**  

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF**  

XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB**  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase  

101.PRE**  

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase  

*Previously filed 

**Filed herewith 

51 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP  

By:  

JP ENERGY GP II LLC,  

its general partner  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ J. Patrick Barley  

J. Patrick Barley  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Patrick J. Welch  

Patrick J. Welch  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer)  

52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 jpep-20160930ex31125d2f1.htm
 EX-31.1

jpep_EX_31-1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to 

Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, J. Patrick Barley, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this  report ) of JP Energy Partners LP (the  registrant );     

2. 

based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

the registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

the registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ J. Patrick Barley  

J. Patrick Barley  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 jpep-20160930ex31230d53d.htm
 EX-31.2

jpep_EX_31-2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to 

Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Patrick J. Welch, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this  report ) of JP Energy Partners LP (the  registrant );     

2. 

based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

the registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

the registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Patrick J. Welch  

Patrick J. Welch  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 jpep-20160930ex321aa3e37.htm
 EX-32.1

jpep_EX_32-1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, J. Patrick Barley, President and Chief Executive Officer of JP Energy GP II LLC, as general partner of JP Energy Partners LP (the  Partnership ), hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.     

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ J. Patrick Barley  

Name:  

J. Patrick Barley  

Title:  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 jpep-20160930ex3222819a4.htm
 EX-32.2

jpep_EX_32-2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Patrick J. Welch, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of JP Energy GP II LLC, as general partner of JP Energy Partners LP (the  Partnership ), hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.     

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Patrick J. Welch  

Name:  

Patrick J. Welch  

Title:  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 jpep-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jpep-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jpep-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jpep-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jpep-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jpep-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

