<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1405513_0001144204-16-133208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3389480</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130381</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>689730</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>677443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1269235</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>549372</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133208.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110150219
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001405513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				260431733
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34535
		FILM NUMBER:		161987566

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133208.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v451755_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from              to             .    

Commission File Number: 001-34535  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas
Fund, LP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       26-0431733    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       x  
  Yes          
  No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   
  x     Yes    
        No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
      x  
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      
  Yes   x     No  

The registrant had 1,400,000 shares outstanding as of November
7, 2016. 

UNITED STATES 12 MONTH NATURAL GAS
FUND, LP  

Table of Contents  

Page    
 
        Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
      1   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      14   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      28   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
      29   

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    
      30   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
      30   

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
      30   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      30   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      30   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      30   

Item 5. Other Information.   
      30   

Item 6. Exhibits.   
      30   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Condensed
Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed Financial Statements  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31,
2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

* Collateral amounted to $263,127 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital
(Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States 12 Month Natural Gas
Fund, LP ( UNL ) was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 27, 2007. UNL
is a commodity pool that issues limited partnership shares ( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca,
Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). UNL will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or
more events as described in its Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of March 1, 2013 (the
 LP Agreement ). The investment objective of UNL is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares 
per share net asset value ( NAV ) to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the price of natural gas
delivered at the Henry Hub, Louisiana, as measured by the daily changes in the average of the prices of 12 futures contracts for
natural gas traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), consisting of the near month contract
to expire and the contracts for the following 11 months for a total of 12 consecutive months  contracts, except when the
near month contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next
month contract to expire and the contracts for the following 11 consecutive months (the  Benchmark Futures Contracts ),
plus interest earned from the Fund s collateral holdings, less UNL s expenses. When calculating the daily movement
of the average price of the 12 contracts, each contract month is equally weighted. It is not the intent of UNL to be operated in
a fashion such that the per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of natural gas or any particular futures contract
based on natural gas. It is not the intent of UNL to be operated in a fashion such that its per share NAV will reflect the percentage
change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. United States Commodity
Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner of UNL, believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve
such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments
(as defined below). UNL accomplishes its objective through investments in futures contracts for natural gas that are traded on
the NYMEX, ICE Futures Exchange ( ICE Futures ) or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Natural Gas
Futures Contracts ) and, to a lesser extent, in investments such as cash-settled options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts,
forward contracts for natural gas, cleared swap contracts and non-exchange traded over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions
that are based on the price of natural gas, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, as well as futures contracts for crude oil,
diesel-heating oil, gasoline and other petroleum-based fuels and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,  Other Natural
Gas-Related Investments ). Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause UNL to obtain greater liquidity
or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. For convenience and unless otherwise specified, Natural Gas Futures Contracts
and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Natural Gas Interests.  As of September
30, 2016, UNL held 462 Natural Gas Futures Contracts for natural gas traded on the NYMEX and did not hold any Natural Gas Futures
Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. 

UNL commenced investment operations
on November 18, 2009 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of
UNL. USCF is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA ) and became registered as a commodity
pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps
firm on August 8, 2013. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United
States Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNG ), the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP ( USL ), the United States
Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA ) and the United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund, LP ( UHN ), which listed their
limited partnership shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ) under the ticker symbols  USO 
on April 10, 2006,  UNG  on April 18, 2007,  USL  on December 6, 2007,  UGA 
on February 26, 2008 and  UHN  on April 9, 2008, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of the
AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each of USO s, UNG s, USL s, UGA s and UHN s shares commenced trading on the
NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Short Oil Fund, LP ( DNO )
and the United States Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under
the ticker symbols  DNO  on September 24, 2009 and  BNO  on June 2, 2010, respectively. USCF
is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), the United States Copper Index Fund ( CPER ),
the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ), and the USCF Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund ( UCCO ),
each a series of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust. USCI, CPER and USAG listed their shares on the NYSE Arca under
the ticker symbol  USCI  on August 10, 2010,  CPER  on November 15, 2011 and  USAG 
on April 13, 2012, respectively. UCCO is currently in registration. 

All funds listed previously, other than
UCCO, are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public Funds.  

UNL issues shares to certain authorized
purchasers ( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets )
through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as its marketing agent ( ALPS Distributors  or the  Marketing Agent ).
The purchase price for a Creation Basket is based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading
session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order to create the basket is properly received. 

In addition, Authorized Participants pay UNL
a $350 fee for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets ( Redemption
Baskets ), consisting of 50,000 shares. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange
in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities
exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of UNL but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. 

In November 2009, UNL initially registered
30,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). On November 18,
2009, UNL listed its  shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  UNL . On that day, UNL established
its  initial per share NAV by setting the price at $50.00 and issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $10,000,000. UNL
also commenced investment operations on November 18, 2009 by purchasing Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX
based on natural gas. As of September 30, 2016, UNL had registered a total of 30,000,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore,
do not include all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )
in the United States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation
of the condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. UNL is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward
contracts, physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on
the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed
statements of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined
by exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward
contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the
condensed financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements
of operations. UNL earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM ) at prevailing
market rates earned on such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

UNL is not subject to federal income
taxes; each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. 

In accordance with GAAP, UNL is required
to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority,
including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. UNL
files an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. UNL is
not subject to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2013. The tax benefit recognized
is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in UNL recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However,
UNL s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including,
but not limited to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. UNL recognizes
interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable,
if assessed. No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Authorized Participants may purchase
Creation Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 50,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated
shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. 

UNL receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from
Authorized Participants are reflected in UNL s condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold,
and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay UNL a transaction
fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. 

Partnership Capital and Allocation
of Partnership Income and Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among
the partners of UNL in proportion to the number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise,
alter or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. 

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset
Value ( NAV )  

UNL s per share NAV is calculated
on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing
that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. UNL uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange
on that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is
the difference between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted
average number of shares outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The
weighted average shares are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares
added and redeemed based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by
USCF at September 30, 2016. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection
with the registration of additional shares after the initial registration of shares are borne by UNL. These costs include
registration fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. These
costs are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or
a shorter period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money market
funds and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the accompanying
condensed financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported
amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3   FEES PAID BY
THE FUND AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of UNL in accordance with the objectives and policies of UNL. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to UNL. For these
services, UNL is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, that is equal to 0.75% per annum of average
daily total net assets. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other
Offering Expenses  

UNL pays all costs and expenses
associated with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration
or other fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing
and other expenses associated with such offer and sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UNL did
not incur any registration fees or other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors  and
Officers  Expenses  

UNL is responsible for paying its portion
of the directors  and officers  liability insurance for UNL and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses
of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of UNL and the Related Public Funds. UNL shares the fees
and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related
Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a
total of $1,600 for UNL and, in the aggregate for UNL and the Related Public Funds, $554,800. 

Licensing Fees  

As discussed in Note 4 below, UNL entered
into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on December 4, 2007, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement,
UNL and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015% on all net assets. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UNL incurred $1,477 and $1,891 respectively, under this arrangement. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with
UNL s audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by UNL. These costs are estimated to be
$76,000 for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

Other Expenses and Fees and Expense
Waivers  

In addition to the fees described above,
UNL pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of UNL, excluding costs and expenses paid
by USCF as outlined in  Note 4   Contracts and Agreements  below. USCF has voluntarily agreed to pay certain expenses
normally borne by UNL to the extent that such expenses exceed 0.15% (15 basis points) of UNL s NAV, on an annualized basis.
USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF waived
$76,717 of UNL s expenses. This voluntary expense waiver is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated
to pay as described in  Note 4   Contracts and Agreements . 

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreement  

UNL is party to a marketing agent agreement,
dated as of October 30, 2009, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing
Agent provides certain marketing services for UNL as outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne
by USCF, is equal to 0.06% on UNL s assets up to $3 billion and 0.04% on UNL s assets in excess of $3 billion. In no
event may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed
10% of the gross proceeds of UNL s offering. 

The above fee does not include website
construction and development, which are borne by USCF. 

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co.
Agreements  

UNL is also party to a custodian agreement,
dated November 3, 2009, as amended from time to time, with Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. )
and USCF, whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of UNL. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined
by the parties from time to time. In addition, UNL is party to an administrative agency agreement, dated as of November 3,
2009, as amended from time to time, with USCF and BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent
and registrar for UNL. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are
determined by the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for
its services, in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration
services rendered to UNL and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services.
In addition, USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds 
combined net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but less
than $1 billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual
minimum amount will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays
BBH Co. transaction fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission
Merchant Agreements  

On October 8, 2013, UNL entered into
a brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets, LLC ( RBC Capital  or  RBC ) to serve as UNL s FCM
effective October 10, 2013. The agreement with RBC requires it to provide services to UNL in connection with the purchase and sale
of Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through RBC
for UNL s account. In accordance with the agreement, RBC Capital charges UNL commissions of approximately $7 to $8 per round-turn
trade, including applicable exchange and NFA fees for Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts.
Such fees include those incurred when purchasing Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts when
UNL issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options
on Natural Gas Futures Contracts when UNL redeems shares as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Natural
Gas Futures Contracts and options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the
portfolio. UNL also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Natural Gas Futures Contracts, Other Natural Gas-Related
Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less ( Treasuries ). 

The decrease in UNL s total commissions
accrued to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was a
result of a lower number of futures contracts being held and traded. 

NYMEX Licensing Agreement  

UNL and the NYMEX entered into a licensing
agreement on December 4, 2007, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby UNL was granted a non-exclusive license to use
certain of the NYMEX s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, UNL and the Related Public
Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms of which are described
in  Note 3 . UNL expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of UNL by the NYMEX and acknowledges that
 NYMEX  and  New York Mercantile Exchange  are registered trademarks of the NYMEX. 

NOTE 5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS,
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES  

UNL engages in the trading of futures
contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swap contracts (collectively,  derivatives ). UNL is exposed
to both market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the
risk of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

UNL may enter into futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and swap contracts to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures
contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of
a commodity at a specified time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are
settled in cash. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical
delivery of the underlying commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or
linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse,
e.g., ICE Clear Europe and provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of
futures contracts, including credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any
loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s
proprietary activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures
contracts and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure
to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure UNL
has in the particular classes of instruments. 

Additional risks associated with the
use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value
of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures
contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing or selling futures contracts. 

All of the futures contracts held by
UNL through September 30, 2016 were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived
to be less than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual
counterparties. However, in the future, if UNL were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts, it would be subject to the credit
risks associated with counterparty non-performance. OTC swaps subject UNL to the credit risk associated with counterparty
non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the net unrealized gain,
if any, on the transaction. UNL has credit risk under its futures contracts since the sole counterparty to all domestic and
foreign futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded. In addition, UNL
bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

UNL s cash and other property,
such as Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an
FCM could result in the complete loss of UNL s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of UNL s assets are
held in cash and/or cash equivalents with UNL s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM. The
failure or insolvency of UNL s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of UNL s assets. 

USCF invests a portion of UNL s
cash in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. UNL is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an
investment in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UNL held investments in money market funds
in the amounts of $5,000,000 and $4,500,000, respectively. UNL also holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written
agreement with BBH Co., uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled banks
located in Toronto, Canada; London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject to U.S.
regulation and regulatory oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UNL held cash deposits and investments in
Treasuries in the amounts of $8,197,457 and $11,042,106, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts
may be subject to loss should UNL s custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes
in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, UNL is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures
contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, UNL pays or
receives a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. 

UNL s policy is to continuously
monitor its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, UNL has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty
with which it conducts business. 

The financial instruments held by UNL
are reported in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate
fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following table presents per share
performance data and other supplemental financial data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the shareholders.
This information has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

* Annualized. 

Total returns are calculated based on
the change in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total
returns and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from UNL. 

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE OF
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

UNL values its investments in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate to the definition
of fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820
establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market
data obtained from sources independent of UNL (observable inputs) and (2) UNL s own assumptions about market participant
assumptions developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels
defined by the ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for  identical  assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets include
the following: quoted prices for  similar  assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated
inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing
input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent
that observable inputs are not available. 

In some instances, the inputs used to
measure fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within
which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of UNL s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were
no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation of UNL s
securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

UNL has adopted the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative disclosures about objectives
and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed
Statements of Operations  

For the nine months ended  September 30, 2016       
     For the nine months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Derivatives not  Accounted for  as Hedging  Instruments    
     Location of  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized  in Income    
     Realized  Gain 
(Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Realized  Gain 
(Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income     
 
     Futures   Commodity Contracts    
     Realized gain (loss) on closed positions    
     $  (2,808,405  )    
                
     $  (5,095,785  )    

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open positions    
                
     $  3,425,855       
                
     $  2,579,334     

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

UNL has performed an evaluation of subsequent
events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events
that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States 12 Month Natural Gas
Fund, LP ( UNL ) included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
including this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains
forward-looking statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause UNL s actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe UNL s future plans, strategies and expectations,
are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the
negative of these words, other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based
on assumptions that may be incorrect, and UNL cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements
will come to pass. UNL s actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors. 

UNL has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form
10-Q, and UNL assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although UNL undertakes no obligation
to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors
are advised to consult any additional disclosures that UNL may make directly to them or through reports that UNL in the future files
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

UNL, a Delaware limited partnership,
is a commodity pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). The
investment objective of UNL is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes, in percentage terms, of the spot price of natural gas delivered at the Henry Hub, Louisiana,
as measured by the daily changes, in the average of the prices of 12 futures contracts on natural gas traded on the New York
Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), consisting of the near month contract to expire and the contracts for the following
11 months, for a total of 12 consecutive months  contracts, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration,
in which case it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next month contract to expire and the contracts for the following
11 consecutive months (the  Benchmark Futures Contracts ), plus interest earned on UNL s collateral holdings,
less UNL s expenses.  Near month contract  means the next contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire.  Next
month contract  means the first contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire after the near month contract. 

When calculating the daily movement
of the average price of the 12 contracts, each contract month is equally weighted. UNL s investment objective is  not 
for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of natural gas or any particular futures contract
based on natural gas,  nor  is UNL s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage
change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period  greater than one day . The general
partner of UNL, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio
to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Natural Gas-Related
Investments (as defined below). 

UNL invests primarily in futures contracts
for natural gas that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures Exchange ( ICE Futures ) or other U.S. and foreign exchanges
(collectively,  Natural Gas Futures Contracts ) and, to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements
or in view of market conditions, other natural gas-related investments such as cash-settled options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts,
forward contracts for natural gas, cleared swap contracts and non-exchange traded over-the-counter ( OTC ) swaps that
are based on the price of natural gas, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,
 Other Natural Gas-Related Investments ). Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause UNL to invest
in Other Natural Gas-Related Investments include those allowing UNL to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with
more favorable pricing. For convenience and unless otherwise specified, Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related
Investments collectively are referred to as  Natural Gas Interests  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

USCF believes that market arbitrage
opportunities will cause daily changes in UNL s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily
changes in UNL s per share NAV on a percentage basis. USCF further believes that daily changes in prices of the Benchmark
Futures Contract have historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot price of natural gas. USCF believes that the net effect
of these relationships will be that the daily changes in the price of UNL s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis
will closely track the daily changes in the spot price of a MMBtu of natural gas on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on
UNL s collateral holdings, less UNL s expenses. 

UNL seeks to achieve its investment
objective by investing so that the average daily percentage change in UNL s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation
days will be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract
over the same period. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Requirement to File New Registration
Statement.  As previously reported, on March 21, 2016, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner
of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP (the  Fund ), filed a Form 8-K to announce that it suspended the ability
of the Authorized Participants to purchase new Creation Baskets under the Fund s registration statement on Form S-1 that
first became effective on January 17, 2013 (file no. 333-185961) (the  Prior Registration Statement ). The Prior Registration
Statement had last been declared effective on May 1, 2015 and at all times included a prospectus that complied with the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) and Form S-1. However, the Fund did not file a new
registration statement prior to January 17, 2016, the date of expiration of the three-year period following the date the Prior
Registration Statement was initially declared effective as required pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5). 

On March 22, 2016, the Fund filed a
its new registration statement registering additional shares under the Securities Act on Form S-1 (file no. 333-210296) (the  New
Registration Statement ) with the SEC and the National Futures Association ( NFA ). The NFA approved the
prospectus for use on May 12, and on May 13, 2016, the SEC declared the Fund s New Registration Statement effective
allowing the Fund to resume offering Creation Baskets to its Authorized Participants. 

Accountability Levels, Position Limits
and Price Fluctuation Limits.  Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability
levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group
of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by UNL is not) may hold, own or control. These
levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that UNL invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to
accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.
The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down
from the previous day s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the Benchmark
Futures Contracts and other Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges such as the NYMEX are not a fixed
ceiling, but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s positions.
The current accountability level for investments for any one-month in the Benchmark Futures Contracts is 6,000 net contracts. In
addition, the NYMEX imposes an accountability levels for all months of 12,000 net futures contracts for investments in futures
contracts for natural gas. In addition, the ICE Futures maintains the same accountability levels, position limits and monitoring
authority for its natural gas contracts as the NYMEX. If UNL and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for
investments in the futures contract for natural gas, the NYMEX and ICE Futures will monitor UNL s and the Related Public
Funds  exposure and may ask for further information on their activities, including the total size of all positions, investment
and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of UNL and the Related Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX
and/or ICE Futures, UNL and the Related Public Funds could be ordered to reduce their aggregate net futures contracts back to the
accountability level. As of September 30, 2016, UNL held 462 Natural Gas Futures NG Contracts traded on the NYMEX and did not hold
any Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on ICE Futures. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNL did not exceed accountability
levels imposed by the NYMEX and ICE Futures, however, the aggregated total of the Related Public Funds did exceed the accountability
levels. No action was taken by NYMEX and UNL did not reduce the number of Natural Gas Futures Contracts held as a result. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the NYMEX and the ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in
the near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that UNL will run up against such position limits because UNL s investment
strategy is to close out its positions and  roll  from the near month contract to expire and the eleven following months
to the next month contract to expire and the eleven following months during one day each month. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, UNL did not exceed any position limits imposed by the NYMEX and the ICE Futures. 

The regulation of commodity interest
trading in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are
subject to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority ( FINRA ), CFTC, the NFA, the futures exchanges, clearing organizations and other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position
Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by
statute from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating
to the marketing of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges
to be offered and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits
on speculative positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and swaps that are economically equivalent to such
contracts in the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants
would be required to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit
Rules ). The Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position
limits; set thresholds that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month,
and all months combined; create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities
on designated contract markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits
or, in some cases, position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs, SEFs
as well as non-U.S. located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was successfully
challenged by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from market participants
multiple times. 

Until such time as the Position Limit
Rules are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions
in commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces
federal limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits
and accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, UNL may be limited
with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions,
the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the 28 Referenced Contracts
held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures exchanges, non-U.S. futures
exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements and the Position Limit
Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant controls the trading decisions
with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in an account or position, as well
as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding. At this time, it is
unclear how the Position Limit Rules affect UNL, but the effect may be substantial and adverse. By way of example, the Position
Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of UNL to meet its investment objectives through limits that may inhibit USCF s
ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of UNL. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions
that UNL is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of UNL to meet its investment objective. The term  swap 
is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain
transactions ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap execution
facilities  and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing  refers to the
process by which a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via a clearing member ( i.e. ,
an FCM), and replaced by two mirror swaps, with the CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. CCPs
have several layers of protection against default including margin, member capital contributions and FCM guarantees of their customers 
transactions with the CCP. FCMs also pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective,
setting limits for each counterparty and collecting initial and variation margin daily from each counterparty for changes in the
value of cleared swaps. The margin collected from both parties to the swap protects against credit risk in the event a counterparty
defaults. The initial and variation margin requirements are set by and held for the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin
may be required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require
enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer
disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants
that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of
futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner,
the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps
and interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If UNL enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate
swaps that are subject to mandatory clearing, UNL will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required
to be cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF or
DCM.  Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is implemented
by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required to be cleared
are made available to trade on a SEF. If UNL enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps that are subject
to mandatory clearing, UNL will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as made available to trade.
In order to execute swaps on a SEF, UNL will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access the SEF through an intermediary. Members
of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject to the rules and jurisdiction of the relevant
SEF. 

Swaps that are not required to be cleared
and executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations,
including, among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation
requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators have adopted rules to impose initial and variation
margin requirements that will apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties. If UNL engages in non-cleared
swap transactions it will be subject to some or all of the requirements of the margin rules, which include a requirement that swap
dealers and major swap participants collect variation margin daily, beginning in March 2017, and, potentially initial margin, beginning
in September 2020. 

In addition to the rules and regulations
imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. UNL may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent that it engages
in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. Other non-U.S. jurisdictions also impose obligations with respect
to OTC swaps that could impact UNL if it were to engage in OTC swaps with non-U.S. persons. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued
final rules establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register due
to recent changes to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance
Obligations for Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although UNL is not a
registered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules to
make the requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This change
decreased the burden on UNL and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as UNL. The new rule requires institutional
prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method (i.e., to use a  floating
net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue to use the amortized
cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s board of directors
to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage and prevent runs
by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and gates could be imposed
on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government MMFs. UNL currently
invests in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as an investment for assets not used
for margin or collateral in the Natural Gas Futures Contracts. UNL does not hold any non-government MMFs and, currently, does not
anticipate investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that UNL would invest in any non-governmental
MMFs. However, if UNL were to make investments in non-government MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively impact UNL
because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the new rule. 

Price Movements  

Natural gas futures prices were volatile
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The average price of the Benchmark Futures Contracts started the period at $2.528.
It rose during the course of the period and hit a peak on September 21, 2016 of $3.213. The average low price of the period
was on February 29, 2016, when the average price of the Benchmark Futures Contracts was $2.169. The average price of the Benchmark
Futures Contracts on September 30, 2016 was $3.071, an increase of approximately 21.48% over the period. UNL s per share
NAV began the period at $9.72 and ended the period at $10.14 on September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately 4.32% over the
period. UNL s per share NAV reached its high for the period on July 1, 2016 at $10.81 and reached its low for the period
on February 29, 2016 at $7.97. The average Benchmark Futures Contract prices listed above began with the February 2016 contract
to January 2017 contracts and ended with the November 2016 to October 2017 contracts. The increase of approximately 21.48% on the
average price of the Benchmark Futures Contracts listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved
by an investor holding Natural Gas Futures Contracts. An investment in Natural Gas Futures Contracts would need to be rolled
forward during the time period described in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore, the change in the nominal price of these
differing Natural Gas Futures Contracts, measured from the start of the period to the end of the period, does not represent the
actual benchmark results that UNL seeks to track, which are more fully described below in the section titled   Tracking
UNL s Benchmark.   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the natural gas futures market was primarily in a period of contango. During periods of contango, the price of the near
month natural gas Futures Contract was typically lower than the price of the next month natural gas Futures Contract, or contracts
further away from expiration. (On days when the market is in backwardation, the price of the near month natural gas Futures Contract
is typically higher than the price of the next month natural gas Futures Contract, or contracts further away from expiration.)
For a discussion of the impact of contango and backwardation on total returns, see   Term Structure of Natural Gas Futures
Prices and the Impact on Total Returns   below. 

Valuation of Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and the Computation of the Per Share NAV  

The per share NAV of UNL s shares
is calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m.
New York time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time.
UNL s administrator uses the NYMEX closing price (determined at the earlier of the close of the NYMEX or 2:30 p.m. New
York time) for the contracts held on the NYMEX, but calculates or determines the value of all other UNL investments, including
cleared swaps, or other futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time. 

Results of Operations and the Natural
Gas Market  

Results of Operations.  On
November 18, 2009, UNL listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  UNL.  On that day, UNL
established its initial offering price at $50.00 per share and issued 200,000 shares to the initial Authorized Participant in exchange
for $10,000,000 in cash. 

Since its initial offering of 30,000,000
shares, UNL has not registered any subsequent offerings of its shares. As of September 30, 2016, UNL had issued 5,400,000
shares, 1,400,000 of which were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there were 24,600,000 shares registered but not yet
issued. 

More shares may have been issued by
UNL than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. Unlike funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended, shares that have been redeemed by UNL cannot be resold by UNL. As a result, UNL contemplates that additional
offerings of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and redemptions. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNL had the
following Authorized Participants: Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, JP Morgan Securities Inc.,
Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley   Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital
Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 

For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  UNL s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees
and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management
fee that UNL pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UNL. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UNL, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UNL as a percentage
of average daily total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The increase in gross total expenses
excluding management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was
primarily due to an increase in certain of UNL s operating expenses. 

The decrease in UNL s total commissions
accrued to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was
a result of fewer futures contracts held and traded. 

For
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Portfolio Expenses.  UNL s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees
and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management
fee that UNL pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UNL. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UNL, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UNL as a percentage
of average daily total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The increase in gross total expenses
excluding management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015,
was primarily due to an increase in certain of UNL s operating expenses. 

The decrease in UNL s total commissions
accrued to brokers for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was
a result of fewer futures contracts held and traded. 

Tracking UNL s Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage UNL s portfolio
such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average of
the price of the Benchmark Futures Contracts, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio
such that over any rolling period of 30 valuation days, the average daily change in UNL s per share NAV is within a range
of 90% to 110% (0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the prices of the Benchmark Futures Contracts. As an example,
if the average daily movement of the average of the prices of the Benchmark Futures Contracts for a particular 30-valuation
day time period was 0.50% per day, USCF would attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the
per share NAV during that same time period fell between 0.45% and 0.55% ( i.e ., between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark s
results). UNL s portfolio management goals do not include trying to make the nominal price of UNL s per share NAV equal
to the average of the nominal prices of the current Benchmark Futures Contracts or the spot price for natural gas. USCF
believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and other Natural Gas-Related Investments. 

For the 30 valuation days ended September
30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the average of the Benchmark Futures Contracts was (0.054)%, while the simple average
daily change in the per share NAV of UNL over the same time period was (0.053)%. The average daily difference was (0.001)%
(or (0.1) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the average price
of the Benchmark Futures Contracts, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.408)%, meaning that over this
time period UNL s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. 

Since the commencement of the offering
of UNL shares to the public on November 18, 2009 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the average price
of its Benchmark Futures Contracts was (0.074)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of UNL over the same
time period was (0.077)%. The average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100
of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the average price of the Benchmark Futures Contracts, the average error in
daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.344)%, meaning that over this time period UNL s tracking error was within the
plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. The following two graphs demonstrate the correlation between
the changes in UNL s NAV and the changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. The first graph exhibits the daily changes for
the last 30 valuation days ended September 30, 2016; the second graph measures monthly changes from September 30, 2011 through
September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement
of the return performance of UNL versus the return of its Benchmark Futures Contracts can be calculated by comparing the actual
return of UNL, measured by changes in its per share NAV, versus the expected changes in its per share NAV under
the assumption that UNL s returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in its Benchmark Futures Contracts. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the actual total return of UNL as measured by changes in its per share NAV was 4.32%. This is based on an initial
per share NAV of $9.72 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $10.14. During
this time period, UNL made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UNL s daily changes in its per share NAV
had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contracts, UNL would have had an estimated
per share NAV of $10.17 as of September 30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of 4.63%. The difference
between the actual per share NAV total return of UNL of 4.32% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contracts
of 4.63% was an error over the time period of (0.31)%, which is to say that UNL s actual total return underperformed the
benchmark result by that percentage. UNL incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the
buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in
the per share NAV of UNL to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the actual total return of UNL as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (17.60)%. This is based
on an initial per share NAV of $13.69 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of
$11.28. During this time period, UNL made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UNL s daily changes
in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contracts, UNL
would have had an estimated per share NAV of $11.35 as of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period
of (17.09)%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total return of UNL of (17.60)% and the expected total return
based on the Benchmark Futures Contracts of (17.09)% was an error over the time period of (0.51)%, which is to say that UNL s
actual total return underperformed the benchmark result by that percentage. UNL incurred expenses primarily composed of the management
fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tended
to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of UNL to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures
Contract. 

There are currently three factors that have
impacted or are most likely to impact UNL s ability to accurately track its Benchmark Futures Contracts. 

First, UNL may buy or sell its holdings
in the then current Benchmark Futures Contracts at a price other than the closing settlement price of that contract on the day
during which UNL executes the trade. In that case, UNL may pay a price that is higher, or lower, than that of the Benchmark Futures
Contracts, which could cause the changes in the daily per share NAV of UNL to either be too high or too low relative to the
daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize
the effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of the Benchmark Futures Contracts at, or as close
as possible to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for UNL to obtain the closing
settlement price and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely
impact UNL s attempt to track the Benchmark Futures Contracts over time. 

Second, UNL incurs expenses primarily
composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of Futures Contracts, and other expenses. The
impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of UNL to track slightly lower than daily changes in
the average price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. At the same time, UNL earns dividend and interest income on its cash, cash
equivalents and Treasuries. UNL is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make
any distributions to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other income,
were retained within the portfolio and added to UNL s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of UNL s expenses
for its management fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees, licensing fees and the fees
and expenses of the independent directors of USCF), UNL will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in
the per share NAV of UNL to track slightly higher than daily changes in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Futures
Contracts. If short-term interest rates rise above the current levels, the level of deviation created by the yield would decrease.
Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline, the amount of error created by the yield would increase. When short-term
yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses of the management fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking
error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause the daily returns of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns
of the Benchmark Futures Contracts. USCF anticipates that interest rates will continue to remain at historical lows and, therefore,
it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by UNL will continue to be higher than interest earned by UNL. As such, USCF anticipates
that UNL will continue to underperform its benchmark until such a time when interest earned at least equals or exceeds the fees
and expenses paid by UNL. 

Third, UNL may hold Other Natural
Gas-Related Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Futures Contracts  total return
movements. In that case, the error in tracking the changes in the average of the Benchmark Futures Contracts could result in daily
changes in the per share NAV of UNL that are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the average of the Benchmark Futures
Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNL did not hold Other Natural Gas-Related Investments. If
UNL increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with regulatory limits, UNL may invest in Other Natural Gas-Related
Investments which may have the effect of increasing transaction related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

Term Structure of Natural Gas Futures
Prices and the Impact on Total Returns.  Several factors determine the total return from investing in a futures contract position. One
factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month natural gas futures contracts and  rolling 
those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract and the next month contract. For
example, if the price of the near month contract is higher than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  backwardation 
in the futures market), then absent any other change there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to rise in value
as it becomes the near month contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month contract is lower than
the next month contract (a situation referred to as  contango  in the futures market), then absent any other change
there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to decline in value as it becomes the near month contract and approaches
expiration. 

As an example, assume that the price
of natural gas for immediate delivery (the  spot  price), was $7 per 10,000 million British thermal shares ( MMBtu ),
and the value of a position in the near month futures contract was also $7. Over time, the price of 10,000 MMBtu of natural
gas will fluctuate based on a number of market factors, including demand for natural gas relative to its supply. The
value of the near month contract will likewise fluctuate in reaction to a number of market factors. If investors seek
to maintain their position in a near month contract and not take delivery of the natural gas, every month they must sell their
current near month contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the next month contract. 

If the futures market is in backwardation,
 e.g. , when the expected price of natural gas in the future would be less, the investor would be buying a next month contract
for a lower price than the current near month contract. Using the $7 per MMBtu price above to represent the front month price,
the price of the next month contract could be $6.86 MMBtu, that is, 2% cheaper than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and
assuming no other changes to either prevailing natural gas prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month
contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents),
the value of the $6.86 next month contract would rise as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with
a price of $7. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month contract would tend to rise faster than the spot
price of natural gas, or fall slower. As a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of natural
gas to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract would have
risen 12%, assuming backwardation is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of natural gas could have
fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract could have fallen only 8%. Over time, if backwardation remained
constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

If the futures market is in contango,
the investor would be buying a next month contract for a higher price than the current near month contract. Using again the $7
per MMBtu price above to represent the front month price, the price of the next month contract could be $7.14 per MMBtu, that is,
2% more expensive than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing natural gas
prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the
impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the next month contract would fall
as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with a price of $7. In this example, it would mean that the
value of an investment in the second month would tend to rise slower than the spot price of natural gas, or fall faster. As a result,
it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of natural gas to have risen 10% after some period of time,
while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract will have risen only 8%, assuming contango is large enough
or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of natural gas could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in
the second month futures contract could have fallen 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference would continue
to increase. 

The chart below compares the price of
the near month contract to the average price of the near 12 month contracts over the last 10 years for natural gas. When
the price of the near month contract is higher than the average price of the near 12 month contracts, the market would be described
as being in backwardation. When the price of the near month contract is lower than the average price of the near 12 month
contracts, the market would be described as being in contango. Although the prices of the near month contract and the average
price of the near 12 month contracts do tend to move up or down together, it can be seen that at times the near month prices are
clearly higher than the average price of the near 12 month contracts (backwardation), and other times they are below the average
price of the near 12 month contracts (contango). In addition, investors can observe that natural gas prices, both front month
and second month, often display a seasonal pattern in which the price of natural gas tends to rise in the early winter months and
decline in the summer months. This mirrors the physical demand for natural gas, which typically peaks in the winter. 

*  PAST PERFORMANCE IS
NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative way to view backwardation
and contango data over time is to subtract the dollar price of the near month natural gas Futures Contract from the dollar price
of the near 12 month Natural Gas Futures Contracts. If the resulting number is a positive number, then the near month price
is higher than the average price of the near 12 months and the market could be described as being in backwardation. If the resulting
number is a negative number, then the near month price is lower than the average price of the near 12 months and the market could
be described as being in contango. The chart below shows the results from subtracting the average dollar price of the near 12 month
contracts from the near month price for the 10 year period between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016. Investors will
note that the natural gas market spent time in both backwardation and contango. Investors will further note that the markets
display a seasonal pattern that corresponds to the seasonal demand patterns for natural gas above. That is, in many, but not all,
cases the average price of the near 12 month contracts is higher than the near month during the approach to the winter months as
the price of natural gas for delivery in those winter months rises on expectations of demand. At the same time, the price of the
near month, when that month is just before the onset of winter, does not rise as far or as fast as the average price of the near
12 month contracts whose delivery falls during the winter season. 

*  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An investment in a portfolio that involved
owning only the near month contract would likely produce a different result than an investment in a portfolio that owned an equal
number of each of the near 12 months  worth of contracts. Generally speaking, when the natural gas futures market is
in backwardation, the near month only portfolio would tend to have a higher total return than the 12 month contract portfolio. Conversely,
if the natural gas futures market was in contango, the portfolio containing 12 months  worth of contracts would tend to outperform
the near month only portfolio. The chart below shows the annual results of owning a portfolio consisting of the near month
contract and a portfolio containing the near 12 months  worth of contracts. In addition, the chart shows the annual
change in the spot price of natural gas. In this example, each month, the near month only portfolio would sell the near month contract
at expiration and buy the next month out contract. The portfolio holding an equal number of the near 12 months  worth
of contracts would sell the near month contract at expiration and replace it with the contract that becomes the new 12 month contract. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT UNL WILL OR IS LIKELY TO
ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE
OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION,
HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT
OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING.       FOR EXAMPLE,
THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH
CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.   

As seen in the chart above, there have
been periods of both positive and negative annual total returns for both hypothetical portfolios over the last 10 years. In addition,
there have been periods during which the near month only approach had higher returns, and periods where the 12 month approach had
higher total returns. The above chart does not represent the performance history of UNL or any Related Public Fund. 

Historically, the natural gas futures markets
have experienced periods of contango and backwardation. Because natural gas demand is seasonal, it is possible for the price of Natural
Gas Futures Contracts for delivery within one or two months to rapidly move from backwardation into contango and back again within
a relatively short period of time of less than one year. 

USCF believes that holding futures contracts
whose expiration dates are spread out over a 12 month period of time will cause the total return of such a portfolio to vary compared
to a portfolio that holds only a single month s contract (such as the near month contract). In particular, USCF believes
that the total return of a portfolio holding contracts with a range of expiration months will be impacted differently by the price
relationship between different contract months of the same commodity future compared to the total return of a portfolio consisting
of the near month contract. USCF believes that based on historical evidence a portfolio that held futures contracts with a range
of expiration dates spread out over a 12 month period of time would typically be impacted less by the positive effect of backwardation,
and less by the negative effect of contango, compared to a portfolio that held contracts of a single near month. As a result,
absent the impact of any other factors, a portfolio of 12 different monthly contracts would tend to have a lower total return than
a near month only portfolio in a backwardation market and a higher total return in a contango market. However there can be
no assurance that such historical relationships would provide the same or similar results in the future. 

Periods of contango or backwardation
do not materially impact UNL s investment objective of having the daily percentage changes in its per share NAV track the
daily percentage changes in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Futures Contracts since the impact of backwardation
and contango tend to equally impact the daily percentage changes in price of both UNL s shares and the Benchmark Futures
Contracts. It is impossible to predict with any degree of certainty whether backwardation or contango will occur in the future.
It is likely that both conditions will occur during different periods and, because of the seasonal nature of natural gas demand,
both may occur within a single year s time. 

Natural Gas Market.  During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, natural gas prices in the United States were volatile and finished the period higher than
the beginning of the year. Prices were impacted by several factors. During the third quarter, seasonal demand was somewhat reduced
by warmer than normal weather in some parts of the country. Storage levels fell persistently in the first quarter before rising
in the second quarter according to normal season demand patterns, but remained elevated over prior year and 5-year average levels.
As of September 30, 2016, the amount of natural gas in storage stood at 3,680 billion cubic feet, which was approximately 5.9%
above the five-year average and 1.3% above 2015 levels. 

Natural Gas Price Movements in Comparison
to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories.  USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree to which
prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment or asset class. Statistically,
such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different investments or asset classes
over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that the two investment options move
up or down in price or value together, known as  positive correlation,  and -1 indicates that they move in completely
opposite directions, known as  negative correlation.  A correlation of 0 would mean that the movements of the
two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as  non-correlation.  That is, the investment options
sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions. 

For the ten-year time period between
September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016, the table below compares the monthly movements of natural gas prices versus the monthly
movements of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as crude oil, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline, as well
as several major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities.
It can be seen that over this particular time period, the movement of natural gas on a monthly basis was neither strongly correlated
nor inversely correlated with the movements of large cap U.S. equities, global equities, crude oil, diesel-heating oil, or unleaded
gasoline and uncorrelated with U.S. Government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The table below covers a more recent,
but much shorter, range of dates than the above table. Over the one year period ended September 30, 2016, the movement of natural
gas remained neither strongly correlated nor inversely correlated with large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds, global equities,
crude oil, diesel-heating oil and unleaded gasoline. 

Source:
Bloomberg, NYMEX  

*PAST
PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Investors are cautioned that the historical
price relationships between natural gas and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as measured
by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured above would
have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that natural gas has historically not demonstrated
a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in the future it is
possible that natural gas could have long-term correlation results that indicate prices of natural gas more closely track the movements
of equities or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter than ten years, there will always
be some periods where the correlation of natural gas to equities and bonds will be either more strongly positively correlated or
more strongly negatively correlated than the long-term historical results suggest. 

The correlations between natural
gas, crude oil, diesel-heating oil and gasoline are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest UNL s assets in Natural
Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in UNL s per share
NAV correlate as closely as possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Futures
Contracts. If certain other fuel-based commodity Natural Gas Futures Contracts do not closely correlate with the Benchmark
Futures Contracts, then their use could lead to greater tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes
in percentage terms in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Futures Contracts will closely correlate with changes in percentage
terms in the spot price of natural gas. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. UNL s application
of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types
of estimates that it makes in preparing UNL s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange (such
as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by UNL for its Natural
Gas Futures Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued
based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of
these derivative contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, UNL estimates interest and
dividend income on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted
to the actual amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

UNL has not made, and does not anticipate
making, use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. UNL has met, and it is anticipated that UNL will
continue to meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its investments, or from
the Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. UNL s liquidity needs include: redeeming
shares, providing margin deposits for its existing Natural Gas Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and posting collateral for its OTC swaps and payment of its expenses, summarized below under  Contractual Obligations.  

UNL currently generates cash primarily
from: (i) the sale of baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income earned
on Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. UNL has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Natural Gas
Interests. UNL invests in Natural Gas Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its
current or potential margin or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other
Natural Gas-Related Investments. A significant portion of UNL s NAV is held in cash and cash equivalents that are
used as margin and as collateral for its trading in Natural Gas Interests. The balance of the assets is held in UNL s
account at its custodian bank and in investments in Treasuries at the FCM. Income received from UNL s investments in
money market funds and Treasuries is paid to UNL. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNL s expenses exceeded
the income UNL earned and the cash earned from the sale of Creation Baskets and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNL used other assets to pay expenses, which could cause a decrease in UNL s NAV over
time. To the extent expenses exceed income, UNL s NAV will be negatively impacted. 

UNL s investments in Natural Gas
Interests may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For
example, most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred
to as  daily limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once
the price of a futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can
neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such
market conditions could prevent UNL from promptly liquidating its positions in Natural Gas Futures Contracts. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, UNL did not purchase or liquidate any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however,
UNL cannot predict whether such an event may occur in the future. 

Since the initial offering of UNL, all
payments with respect to UNL s expenses were paid by USCF. UNL does not have an obligation or intention to refund such payments
made by USCF. USCF is under no obligation to pay UNL s current or future expenses. UNL is responsible for expenses incurred
subsequent to the initial offering of shares relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions,
(iii) licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, (iv) ongoing registration expenses in connection with offers
and sales of its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (v) other expenses, including tax reporting costs, (vi) fees
and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and (vii) other extraordinary expenses not in the ordinary course of business,
while USCF has been responsible for expenses relating to the fees of UNL s Marketing Agent, Administrator and Custodian and
registration expenses relating to the initial offering of shares. If USCF and UNL are unsuccessful in raising sufficient
funds to cover these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding, UNL will terminate and investors may lose
all or part of their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Natural Gas Futures Contracts
and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves UNL entering into contractual commitments to purchase or
sell natural gas at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed
UNL s future cash requirements since UNL intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, UNL
is generally only subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. UNL considers the  fair
value  of its derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with
UNL s commitments to purchase natural gas is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should
UNL enter into a contractual commitment to sell natural gas, it would be required to make delivery of the natural gas at the contract
price, repurchase the contract at prevailing prices or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of natural
gas, the market risk to UNL could be unlimited. 

UNL s exposure to market risk
depends on a number of factors, including the markets for natural gas, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates,
the liquidity of the Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments markets and the relationships among
the contracts held by UNL. Drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an
investor s capital. 

Credit Risk  

When UNL enters into Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to
meet its obligations. The counterparty for the Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and on most other futures
exchanges is the clearinghouse associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted
by the clearinghouse in connection with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share
in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support
should significantly reduce credit risk. UNL is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not
backed by their clearinghouse members but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can
be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse, or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations
to UNL in such circumstances. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit risk
of UNL by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, UNL generally posts margin and/or holds liquid
assets that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Natural Gas Futures Contracts
and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing
and clearing trades only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the
benefit of UNL to limit its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of UNL in accepting orders to purchase or sell Natural
Gas Futures Contracts on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate
as belonging to UNL, all assets of UNL relating to domestic Natural Gas Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed
to commingle UNL s assets with their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires commodity brokers to hold in a secure
account UNL s assets related to foreign Natural Gas Futures Contracts trading. 

In the future, UNL may purchase OTC
swaps, see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNL held cash
deposits and investments in Treasuries and money market funds in the amount of $13,197,457 with the custodian and FCM. Some
or all of these amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should UNL s custodian or FCM,
as applicable, cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, UNL had no
loan guarantee, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal
course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in
performing services which are in the best interests of UNL. While UNL s exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot
be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on UNL s financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

UNL had no direct exposure to European
sovereign debt as of September 30, 2016 and has no direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective
and pay its contractual obligations described below, UNL requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in
blocks of 50,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  UNL has to date satisfied this obligation by paying from the cash
or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

UNL s primary contractual obligations
are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed
percentage of UNL s NAV, currently 0.75% of UNL s NAV on its average daily total net assets. 

USCF agreed to pay the start-up
costs associated with the formation of UNL, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF s registration
with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of UNL and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly,
AMEX), respectively. However, since UNL s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering
and listing additional shares of UNL have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by UNL, and not by USCF. 

USCF pays the fees of the Marketing
Agent and the fees of BBH Co., as well as BBH Co. s fees for performing administrative services, including those
in connection with the preparation of UNL s condensed financial statements and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. USCF and
UNL have also entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX pursuant to which UNL and the Related Public Funds, other
than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee to the NYMEX. UNL also pays the fees and expenses associated with its tax
accounting and reporting requirements. USCF has voluntarily agreed to pay certain expenses typically borne by UNL to the extent
that such expenses exceed 0.15% (15 basis points) of UNL s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has no obligation to continue
such payments into subsequent periods. This voluntary expense waiver is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated
to pay as described in  Note 4  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

In addition to USCF s management
fee, UNL pays its brokerage fees (including fees to an FCM), OTC dealer spreads, any licensing fees for the use of intellectual
property, and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration and other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, or other regulatory agencies
in connection with the offer and sale of shares, as well as legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated therewith,
and extraordinary expenses. The latter are expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of UNL s business, including
expenses relating to the indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and under
the LP Agreement, the bringing or defending of actions in law or in equity or otherwise conducting litigation and incurring legal
expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation. Commission payments to an FCM are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn,
basis. UNL also pays a portion of the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF. See  Note  3 to the  Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as UNL s per share NAVs and trading levels
to meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term
agreed upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of UNL s existence.
Either party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNL s
portfolio consisted of 462 Natural Gas Futures NG Contracts traded on the NYMEX. As of September 30, 2016, UNL did not hold
any Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on ICE Futures. For a list of UNL s current holdings, please see UNL s website
at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

Currently, OTC transactions are
subject to changing regulation.   

UNL may purchase OTC swaps. Unlike most
exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on such futures, each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that
the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under its contract. 

UNL may enter into certain transactions
where an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for Related Position  or  EFRP 
transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by UNL, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one
or more baskets of UNL shares. These EFRP transactions may expose UNL to counterparty risk during the interim period between the
execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the
EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial
transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily
depend upon the terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination
of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions
in particular may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience
substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related
market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual
obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified
or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore,
it may not be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset UNL s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated
with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises
in connection with such contracts, UNL will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty,
if the counterparty is unable to meet its obligations to UNL due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as the insolvency
of the counterparty. 

USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate,
the creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF s
board of directors (the  Board ). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of UNL only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties
who are, or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated
by the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether
or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United
Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed
periodically by USCF. UNL will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support.
Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party
open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction
in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives
is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or
cleared swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually
negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while
market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically
are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult
to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period
ended September 30, 2016, UNL limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. 

UNL anticipates that the use of Other
Natural Gas-Related Investments together with its investments in Natural Gas Futures Contracts will produce price and total return
results that closely track the investment goals of UNL. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result
in higher transaction-related expenses than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Natural Gas Futures
Contracts, which may impact UNL s ability to successfully track the Benchmark Futures Contracts. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

UNL maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in UNL s periodic reports filed or
submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of UNL if UNL had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of UNL s disclosure
controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of UNL have been effective as of the
end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in UNL s
internal control over financial reporting during UNL s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, UNL s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings.  

Not applicable. 

Item 1A. 
   Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes
to the risk factors previously disclosed in UNL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
filed on March 24, 2016. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3. 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information.  

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule
4.22 under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month UNL publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement
of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current
report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on UNL s website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 6.      Exhibits.  

Listed below are the exhibits, which
are filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation
S-K): 

(1)  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

United States 12 Month Natural Gas
Fund, LP (Registrant)  

 By: United States Commodity Funds LLC,
its general partner 

By:   
     /s/ John P. Love 

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date: November 10, 2016 

By:   
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal financial and accounting officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451755_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 10,
    2016  
      By:       
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name:  
         Title:   
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund,
        LP   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451755_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 10,
    2016  
      By:       
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh    

Name:  
         Title:   
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund,
        LP   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451755_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States 12 Month
Natural Gas Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,
John P. Love, the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    10, 2016  
      By:       
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund,
        LP   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451755_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States 12 Month
Natural Gas Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,
Stuart P. Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby
certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    10, 2016  
      By:       
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh    

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund,
        LP   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 unl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 unl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 unl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 unl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 unl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 unl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

