<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-Q_edgar_data_1006028_0001493152-16-015867_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1988814</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116455</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>137739</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>418757</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>748145</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>522169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015867.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214161301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015867
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PURE BIOSCIENCE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				330530289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14468
		FILM NUMBER:		162051254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1725 GILLESPIE WAY
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-596-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1725 GILLESPIE WAY
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOVATIVE MEDICAL SERVICES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015867.txt : 20161214

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016   

Commission
File Number 001-14468   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (619) 596-8600   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X]
No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [X]  

As
of December 14, 2016, there were 62,200,389 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value per share, outstanding.  

Table
of Contents   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

Form
10-Q   

   for
the Quarterly Period Ended October 31, 2016   

Table
of Contents   

Page    
 
       PART
    I   
       FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
       Financial
    Statements   
      3   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      14   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      24   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      24   

PART
    II   
       OTHER
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      25   
 
      Item
    1A.  
       Risk
    Factors   
      25   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      27   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
     2 7   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      27   
 
      Item
    5.  
       Other
    Information   
      27   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Exhibits   
      29   

Signatures   
      31   

Table
of Contents   

Item
1. Financial Statements    

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

See
accompanying notes.    

Table
of Contents   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes.   

Table
of Contents   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes.   

Table
of Contents   

PURE
Bioscience, Inc.   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

  (Unaudited)  

1.
Basis of Presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of PURE Bioscience, Inc.
and its wholly owned subsidiary, ETI H2O Inc., a Nevada corporation. ETI H2O, Inc. currently has no business operations and no
material assets or liabilities and there have been no significant transactions related to ETI H2O, Inc. during the periods presented
in the condensed consolidated financial statements. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. All references
to  PURE,   we,   our,   us  and the  Company  refer to PURE Bioscience,
Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary.  

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, for interim financial information pursuant to the instructions to
Form 10-Q and Article 10/Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and disclosures
required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three months ended October
31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for other quarters or the year ending July 31, 2017.
The July 31, 2016 balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by
GAAP and included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more complete information, these unaudited financial statements and the
notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2016 included in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K covering such period filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on October 27,
2016.  

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

2.
Liquidity   

Since
our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private offerings of securities, debt financing, and
revenue from product sales and license agreements. We have a history of recurring losses, and as of October 31, 2016, we have
incurred a cumulative net loss of $104,962,000.  

As
of October 31, 2016, we had $4,064,000 in cash and cash equivalents, and $654,000 of accounts payable. As of October 31, 2016,
we have no long-term debt.  

Subsequent
to October 31, 2016, we completed a private placement pursuant to which we issued 1,176,472 shares of our common stock and warrants
to purchase 1,176,472 shares of our common stock.  The shares were sold at a per share purchase
price of $0.85 per share, resulting in $1 million in aggregate gross proceeds. After deducting fees of approximately $225,000,
the net proceeds to us were $775,000 (See Note 13  to these condensed consolidated financial statements ).   

Our
future capital requirements depend on numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the
following: the acceptance of, and demand for, our products; our success and the success of our partners in selling our products;
our success and the success of our partners in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell our products; the costs of further developing
our existing products and technologies; the extent to which we invest in new product and technology development; and the costs
associated with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business. The outcome of these and other forward-looking
factors will substantially affect our liquidity and capital resources.  

We
expect that we will need to increase our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures. These measures may include,
but are not limited to, the following: reducing operating expenses; obtaining financing through the issuance of equity, debt,
or convertible securities; entering into partnerships, licenses, or other arrangements with third parties; and reducing the exercise
price of outstanding warrants. Any one of these measures could substantially reduce the value to us of our technology and its
commercial potential. If we issue equity, debt or convertible securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders
may experience dilution, and the new equity, debt or convertible securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior
to those of our existing stockholders. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to us,
or at all.  

Table
of Contents   

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. It could cause
us to fail to execute our business plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures
or customer requirements. It also may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development
programs, to license to third parties the right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize
ourselves, or to reduce or cease operations. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to significantly
modify our business model and operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level.  

We
believe our available cash on-hand and cash received from financings subsequent to our quarter ended October 31, 2016, our current
efforts to market and sell our products, and our ability to significantly reduce expenses, will provide sufficient cash resources
to satisfy our needs over the next 12 months. However, we do not yet have, and we may never have, significant cash inflows from
product sales or from other sources of revenue to offset our ongoing and planned investments in research and development projects,
regulatory submissions, business development activities, and sales and marketing, among other investments. Some or all of our
ongoing or planned investments may not be successful. In addition, irrespective of our cash resources, we may be contractually
or legally obligated to make certain investments which cannot be postponed.  

3.
Net Loss Per Share    

Basic
net loss per common share is computed as net loss divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Our diluted net loss per common share is the same as our basic net loss per common share because we incurred a net loss
during each period presented, and the potentially dilutive securities from the assumed exercise of all outstanding stock options,
restricted stock units, and warrants would have an anti-dilutive effect. As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, the number of shares
issuable upon the exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock units, and the exercise of warrants, none of which
are included in the computation of basic net loss per common share, was 10,719,394 and 23,178,331, respectively.  

4.
Comprehensive Loss    

Comprehensive
loss is defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources,
including unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities and foreign currency translation adjustments. For the three months
ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, our comprehensive loss consisted only of net loss.  

5.
Inventory    

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and net of a valuation allowance for potential excess or obsolete material.
Cost is determined using the average cost method. Depreciation related to manufacturing is systematically allocated to inventory
produced, and expensed through cost of goods sold at the time inventory is sold.  

Inventories
consist of the following:  

Table
of Contents   

6.
Commitments and Contingencies    

Severance
Agreement     

On
August 13, 2013, the Company entered into a Severance and Release Agreement with Dennis Brovarone, a former Board member. Mr.
Brovarone will receive $91,000, payable in 60 monthly installments of approximately $1,600, commencing December 11, 2013 for amounts
previously accrued as of July 31, 2013. Approximately $34,000 remains payable under the agreement and is included in the accrued
restructuring liability section of the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2016.  

7.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    

In
accordance with GAAP, if indicators of impairment exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected long-lived assets by determining
whether the carrying value of such assets can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows. If impairment is
indicated, we measure the amount of such impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the fair value of the asset
and we record the impairment as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating results. Estimating
the undiscounted future cash flows associated with long-lived assets requires judgment, and assumptions could differ materially
from actual results. During the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, no impairment of long-lived assets was indicated
or recorded.  

8.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments    

Fair
value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions,
the authoritative guidance establishes a three-tier value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value
as follows:  

Level
    1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level
    2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar
    assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
    by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level
    3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
    of the assets or liabilities.   

In
connection with the October and November 2015 Private Placement and a prior Bridge Loan, we issued warrants with derivative features.
These instruments are accounted for as derivative liabilities (See Note 9 to these consolidated financial statements).  

We
used Level 3 inputs for the valuation methodology of the derivative liabilities. The estimated fair values were computed using
a Monte Carlo option pricing model based on various assumptions. Our derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect estimated
fair value at each period end, with any decrease or increase in the estimated fair value being recorded in other income or expense
accordingly, as adjustments to the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Various factors are considered in the pricing models
we use to value the warrants, including the Company s current stock price, the remaining life of the warrants, the volatility
of the Company s stock price, and the risk free interest rate. Future changes in these factors will have a significant impact
on the computed fair value of the warrant liabilities. As such, we expect future changes in the fair value of the warrants to
vary significantly from quarter to quarter.  

Table
of Contents   

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the derivative liabilities for the three months
ended October 31, 2016:  

Fair
Value of Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   

9.
Derivative Liabilities   

On
October 23, 2015 (the  October Closing Date ), we completed a first closing of a private placement financing (the
 2015 Private Placement Financing ), where we issued, among other securities, a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate
of 6,666,666 shares of common stock with a term of five years and a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,666,666 shares
of common stock with a term of six months (See Note 10 to these consolidated financial statements).  

On
November 23, 2015, we completed a second and final closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing, where we issued, among other
securities a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,222,217 shares of common stock with a term of five years and a warrant
to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,820,670 shares of common stock with a term of six months.  

We
accounted for the combined 20,376,219 warrants issued in connection with the 2015 Private Placement Financing in accordance with
the accounting guidance for derivatives. The applicable accounting guidance sets forth a two-step model to be applied in determining
whether a financial instrument is indexed to an entity s own stock, which would qualify such financial instruments for a
scope exception. This scope exception specifies that a contract that would otherwise meet the definition of a derivative financial
instrument would not be considered as such if the contract is both (i) indexed to the entity s own stock and (ii) classified
in the stockholders  equity section of the entity s balance sheet. We determined the warrants were ineligible for
equity classification due to anti-dilution provisions set forth therein.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, (i) all 2,820,670 of the six-month warrants issued in the second and final closing were exercised,
(ii) the six-month warrants issued in the first closing expired and (iii) the five-year warrants issued in the first closing were
cancelled.  

On
the October Closing Date, the derivative liabilities were recorded at an estimated fair value of $7,008,000. Given that the fair
value of the derivative liabilities exceeded the total proceeds of the private placement of $6,000,000, no net amounts were allocated
to the common stock. The $1,008,000 amount by which the recorded liabilities exceeded the proceeds was charged to other expense
at the October Closing Date.  

As
of October 31, 2016, we had a warrant liability of $1,952,000 related to the 2,222,217 warrants outstanding issued in connection
with the November closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing. The following assumptions were used as inputs to the model
at October 31, 2016: stock price of $1.10 per share and a warrant exercise price of $0.45 per share as of the valuation date;
our historical stock price volatility of 90.00%; risk free interest rate on U.S. treasury notes of 1.2%; warrant expiration of
4.1 years.  

Table
of Contents   

In
addition, as of October 31, 2016, we had a warrant liability of $9,000 related to 132,420 warrants issued pursuant to a Bridge
Loan financing that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2012. Currently there are 9,709 warrants outstanding issued in connection
with the Bridge Loan. The following assumptions were used as inputs to the model at October 31, 2016: stock price of $1.10 per
share and a warrant exercise price of $0.20 per share as of the valuation date; our historical stock price volatility of 55.89%;
risk free interest rate on U.S. treasury notes of 0.20%; warrant expiration of 0.15 years.  

On
October 31, 2016, the total value of the derivative liabilities was $1,961,000. The change in fair value of the warrant liabilities
for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, was an increase of $159,000 and a decrease of $43,000, respectively, which
was recorded as a change in derivative liabilities in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. We have revalued the
derivative liabilities as of October 31, 2016, and will continue to do so on each subsequent balance sheet date until the securities
to which the derivative liabilities relate are exercised or expire, with any changes in the fair value between reporting periods
recorded as other income or expense.  

10.
Stockholders  Equity    

Private
Placements     

In
the October closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing we received aggregate gross proceeds to us of $6.0 million. We did
not engage a placement agent or investment banker to facilitate the Private Placement Financing.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, all of the Six-Month Warrants issued on the October Closing Date expired and the Five-Year
Warrants issued on the October Closing Date were cancelled.  

We
also entered into a registration rights agreement with the Investors in the 2015 Private Placement Financing (the  Registration
Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which we are obligated, upon request of the Investor in the October closing of the 2015
Private Placement Financing and subject to certain conditions, to file with the SEC as soon as practicable, but in any event within
60 days after receiving such applicable request, a registration statement on Form S-1 (the  2015 Resale Registration Statement )
to register the Purchase Shares and the Warrant Shares for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ) and other securities issued or issuable with respect to or in exchange for the Purchase Shares or Warrant Shares.
We are obligated to use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the 2015 Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective
by the SEC as promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing of the Resale Registration Statement, but no monetary penalty
or liquidated damages will be imposed upon the Company if the Registration Statement is not declared effective by the SEC.  

Other
Activity     

On
April 13, 2016, we entered into a two-year service agreement for general financial advisory services. In accordance with the agreement
we issued 250,000 shares of common stock, with a value of $290,000. The value was capitalized to prepaid expense and is being
amortized over the term of the agreement. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we recognized $36,000 of expense related
to these services.  

11.
Share-Based Compensation    

Restricted
Stock Units     

For
the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense for outstanding restricted stock units ( RSUs )
was $52,000 and $656,000 respectively. Of the 1,285,000 RSUs outstanding, we currently expect 250,000 to vest based on service
conditions. As of October 31, 2016, there was $94,000 of unrecognized non-cash compensation cost related to RSUs we expect to
vest, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.53 years.  

Table
of Contents   

Stock
Option Plans    

In
February 2016, we amended and restated our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, to, among other changes,  increase
the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan by 4,000,000 shares and extend the term of the Plan until February
4, 2026. The Plan  provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, as well as other share-based payment
awards, to our employees, directors, consultants and advisors. These awards have up to a 10-year contractual life and are subject
to various vesting periods, as determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors. Our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
is the only active plan pursuant to which options to acquire common stock or restricted stock awards can be granted and are currently
outstanding. As of October 31, 2016, there were approximately 1.9 million shares available for issuance under the Plan.  

During
the three months ended October 31, 2016, we issued 100,000 options to purchase common stock to a member of our Scientific Advisory
Board. The options vest quarterly over one year and carry a five-year term. No options were granted during the three months ended
October 31, 2015.  

A
summary of our stock option activity is as follows:  

At
October 31, 2016, options to purchase 1,415,135 shares of common stock were exercisable. These options had a weighted-average
exercise price of $1.91, an aggregate intrinsic value of $93,000, and a weighted average remaining contractual term of 3.04 years.
The weighted average grant date fair value for options granted during the year ended October 31, 2016 was $0.49.  

We
use the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized
over the vesting period using the straight-line method. The fair value of stock options was estimated at the grant date using
the following weighted average assumptions:  

Table
of Contents   

Volatility
is the measure by which our stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of an option. Volatility is derived
from the historical daily change in the market price of our common stock, as we believe that historical volatility is the best
indicator of future volatility.  

The
risk-free interest rates used in the Black-Scholes calculations are based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield as determined
by the U.S. Federal Reserve.  

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, we have assumed no dividend yield for purposes of estimating the fair value of our share-based compensation.  

The
weighted average expected life of options was estimated using the average of the contractual term and the weighted average vesting
term of the options. Certain options granted to consultants are subject to variable accounting treatment and are required to be
revalued until vested.  

Stock-based
compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. We have
not had significant forfeitures of stock options granted to employees and directors as a significant number of our historical
stock option grants were fully vested at issuance or were issued with short vesting provisions. Therefore, we have estimated the
forfeiture rate of our outstanding stock options as zero.  

The
total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option grants as of October 31, 2016 was approximately $280,000
and the weighted average period over which these grants are expected to vest is 0.44 years.  

For
the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense for stock options was $226,000 and $16,000
respectively.  

12.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

No
recent accounting pronouncements or other authoritative guidance have been issued that management considers likely to have a material
impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  

13.
Subsequent Events    

Private
Placement Financing    

On
December 1, 2016, we completed an initial closing (the  December Closing ) of a private placement financing (the  2016
Private Placement Financing ) to accredited investors. We raised $1 million in the December Closing of (i) an aggregate
of 1,176,472 shares (collectively, the  2016 Purchase Shares ) of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.85 per
share and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,176,472 shares of Common Stock with a term of five years (the  2016
Investor Warrants , and the shares issuable upon exercise of the 2016 Investor Warrants, collectively, the  2016 Warrant
Shares ). The securities issued in the 2016 Private Placement Financing were issued pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
entered into with the accredited investors (the  Investors ).  

We
utilized the services of a placement agent for the 2016 Private Placement Financing. In connection with the 2016 Private Placement
Financing, we paid such placement agent an aggregate cash fee of $100,000 and issued to such placement agent or its designees
a warrant (the  2016 Placement Agent Warrant ) to purchase 117,647 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
$1.275 per share. The terms of the 2016 Placement Agent Warrant are substantially identical to the 2016 Investor Warrants, other
than the exercise price and the holder s ability to exercise the 2016 Placement Agent Warrant on a cashless basis at its
discretion. Additionally, we agreed to pay the placement agent a $12,000 due diligence fee and to reimburse the placement agent
for fees of counsel up to $35,000.  

Table of Contents  

The
net proceeds to us from the December Closing, after deducting the forgoing fees and other offering expenses, are expected to be
approximately $775,000. We expect to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including our research and development
efforts, and for general administrative expenses and working capital.  

The
2016 Investor Warrants have a five-year term, and will be exercisable in whole or in part, at an exercise price equal to $1.25
per share. The Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis if at any time after the six-month anniversary of the December Closing
date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the December
Warrant Shares by the holder, subject to certain exceptions. We also entered into a registration rights agreement with the Investors
(the  2016 Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which we will be obligated to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) as soon as practicable, but in any event, the earlier of (i) 30 th  calendar
day following the final closing date of the 2016 Private Placement Financing or (ii) January 30, 2017, a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the  2016 Resale Registration Statement ) to register the 2016 Purchase Shares and the 2016 Warrant Shares
for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and other securities issued or issuable
with respect to or in exchange for the 2016 Purchase Shares or 2016 Warrant Shares. The Company is obligated to use its commercially
reasonable best efforts to cause the 2016 Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC within 45 days after
the filing of the 2016 Resale Registration Statement (or within 75 days if the 2016 Resale Registration Statement is subject to
a full review by the SEC). Additionally, the 2016 Registration Rights Agreement provides for certain monetary penalties if the
2016 Resale Registration Statement is not filed or declared effective prior to certain dates as set forth in the 2016 Registration
Rights Agreement.  

The
issuance and sale of the 2016 Purchase Shares, 2016 Investor Warrants, the 2016 Placement Agent Warrant, the 2016 Warrant Shares
and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2016 Placement Agent Warrant (collectively, the  Securities )
were issued and sold in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule
506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  

RSU
Termination    

On
December 13, 2016, we entered into an RSU Cancellation Agreement with our officers and directors who received restricted stock
unit awards (the  RSUs ) in October 2013 as compensation for their continued services to us over a required vesting
period. Under this Agreement, our officers and directors agreed to cancel RSUs representing the right to receive an aggregate
of 3.9 million vested shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the cancelled RSUs, we would have been required to
settle and deliver these vested shares to the individual officers and directors prior to January 1, 2017, which would have triggered
a taxable event. Our officers and directors, in their individual capacities, voluntarily agreed to cancel their respective RSUs
based on their determination that cancelling the RSUs would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. The
individual officers and directors reached this conclusion for the following reasons:  

1.  
       Conserves
    our Available Cash Resources . The RSUs held by our officers provide these individuals with the right to require us to
    pay the applicable state and federal taxes due upon the settlement and delivery of their vested RSU shares in exchange for
    the individual cancelling and returning to us that number of shares of common stock equal in value to the our contractual
    tax payment obligation. By agreeing to cancel the RSUs, we will not be required to utilize our available cash resources to
    pay the tax payments on behalf of our officers, and as a result, it can conserve its available cash resources to support the
    continued implementation of our business plan.   

2.  
       Reduces
    Pressure on Our Stock Price . The RSUs held by our non-employee directors provide these individuals with the right to immediately
    sell into the public market that number of shares of common stock sufficient to cover the applicable state and federal taxes
    payable as a result of the settlement and delivery of their vested RSU shares. Our common stock currently has a limited daily
    trading volume, and the sale or the potential sale of a substantial number of shares of common stock by our officers and directors
    to cover their federal and state tax obligations would adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which in turn,
    could harm our ability to raise funds to support our operations or require us to raise funds at terms and valuations that
    would be more dilutive to our existing stockholders.   

Each
of our officers and directors who are parties to the RSU Cancellation Agreement agreed to cancel their RSUs and the shares of
common stock underlying the RSUs in their individual capacities as stockholders and equity award holders, and without any agreement
or promise from us or our officers or directors to issue them equity, equity-based awards or cash compensation in the future in
exchange for entering into the Agreement. A copy of the RSU Cancellation Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated herein by reference.  

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

All references in this Item 2 and elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report to  PURE,   we ,  our,   us  and the  Company 
refer to PURE Bioscience, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our wholly owned subsidiary, ETI H2O, Inc., a Nevada corporation.
ETI H2O, Inc. currently has no business operations and no material assets or liabilities and there have been no significant transactions
related to ETI H2O, Inc. during the periods presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report. 

The discussion in this section contains forward-looking
statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue, 
 could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan, 
 potential,   predict,   should,   would  or  will  or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause our actual
results to differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Several risks and uncertainties we face are
discussed in more detail under  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report or in the discussion and
analysis below. You should, however, understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties and
you should not consider the risks and uncertainties identified by us to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties
that could materially affect us. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements we make herein because
some or all of them may turn out to be wrong. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained
herein to reflect future events and developments, except as required by law. The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview   

Company Overview   

We are focused on developing and commercializing
proprietary antimicrobial products that provide safe and cost-effective solutions to the health and environmental challenges of
pathogen and hygienic control. Our technology platform is based on patented stabilized ionic silver, and our initial products
contain silver dihydrogen citrate, or SDC. SDC is a broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial agent, which offers 24-hour residual
protection and formulates well with other compounds. As a platform technology, we believe SDC is distinguished from existing products
in the marketplace because of its superior efficacy, reduced toxicity and the inability of bacteria to form a resistance to it. 

Our SDC-based technology platform has potential
application in a number of industries. Our near-term focus is on offering products that address food safety risks across the food
industry supply chain. In 2011, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that foodborne illnesses affect
more than 48 million people annually in the U.S., causing 128,000 hospitalizations and 3,000 fatalities. The CDC estimated that
more than 9 million of these foodborne illnesses were attributed to major pathogens. The CDC reported that contaminated produce
was responsible for approximately 46% of the foodborne illnesses caused by pathogens and 23% of the foodborne illness-related
deaths in the US between 1998 and 2008. Among the top pathogens contributing to foodborne illness in the U.S. are Norovirus,  Salmonella ,
 Campylobacter ,  Staphylococcus , Shiga toxin producing  Escherichia coli  and  Listeria .  Salmonella
 is the leading cause of hospitalization, followed by Norovirus, and is the leading cause of deaths related to foodborne illness. 

Based on these statistics, we believe there
is a significant market opportunity for our safe, non-toxic and effective SDC-based solutions. We currently offer PURE  
 Hard Surface as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to restaurant chains and food processors. We also offer
PURE Control    as a direct food contact processing aid. We received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control  
 as a direct food contact processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively.
In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS)
granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR
(on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required approval from the
USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control
for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application
of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing.
Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations
of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing conditions. We are continuing to
work with the FDA to obtain approval for the higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing and expect to receive FDA approval
in the second calendar quarter of 2017. Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow
us to seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef
and pork. In addition to our direct sales efforts with PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we market and sell our SDC-based products
indirectly through third-party distributors. 

Table of Contents  

Business Strategy   

Our goal is to become a sustainable company
by commercializing the SDC-based products we have developed with our proprietary technology platform. We are focused on delivering
leading antimicrobial products that address food safety risks across the food industry supply chain. Key aspects of our business
strategy include: 

Expanding sales
    and distribution for our products into the food industry with a focus on a dual track of food safety market opportunities:   

Hard Surface
    Disinfectant   - commercializing our current EPA registered PURE Hard Surface disinfectant and sanitizer for use in
    foodservice operations and food manufacturing.   

Direct Food
    Contact   - commercializing FDA approved PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for fresh produce; commercializing
    FDA approved PURE Control as a food processing and intervention aid for food processors treating raw poultry subject to further
    USDA approval for OLR poultry processing and FDA approval for higher concentrations of SDC; expecting to commercialize, subject
    to both FDA and USDA approval, the use of SDC as a food processing and intervention aid for food processors treating raw beef
    and pork.   

Establishing strategic
    alliances to maximize the commercial potential of our technology platform;   

Developing additional
    proprietary products and applications; and   

Protecting and enhancing
    our intellectual property.   

In addition to our current products addressing
food safety, we intend to leverage our technology platform through licensing and distribution collaborations in order to develop
new products and enter into new markets that could potentially generate multiple sources of revenue. 

Our Products   

Our near-term focus is on delivering leading
antimicrobial products that address food safety risks across the food industry supply chain. We currently offer PURE Hard Surface
as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to restaurant chains and food processors. We also offer PURE Control as a
direct food contact processing aid. We received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control as a direct food contact processing
aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection
Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to
be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing
of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing,
which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional
approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations
of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have
submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility
to adjust to varying plant and processing conditions. We are continuing to work with the FDA to obtain approval for the higher
concentrations of SDC in poultry processing and expect to receive FDA approval in the second calendar quarter of 2017. Additionally,
we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE
Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. 

Table of Contents  

In addition to our direct sales efforts with
PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we market and sell our SDC-based products indirectly through third-party distributors. In
addition to PURE Hard Surface and PURE Control, we manufacture and sell (i) SDC-based products for end use, (ii) products preserved
with SDC and (iii) SDC as a raw material ingredient for manufacturing use. 

PURE    Hard Surface Disinfectant
and Sanitizer (Ready to Use)  

PURE Hard Surface is our SDC-based, patented
and EPA-registered, ready-to-use hard surface disinfectant and food contact surface sanitizer. PURE Hard Surface combines high
efficacy and low toxicity with bacterial and viral kill times as few as 30-seconds and 24-hour residual protection. The product
completely kills resistant pathogens such as MRSA and Carbapenem-resistant  Klebsiella pneumoniae  (NDM-1), and effectively
eliminates dangerous fungi and viruses including HIV, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Norovirus, Influenza A, Avian Influenza and H1N1.
It also eradicates hazardous food pathogens such as  E. coli ,  Salmonella ,  Campylobacter  and  Listeria .
PURE Hard Surface delivers broad-spectrum efficacy yet remains classified as least-toxic by the EPA. The active ingredient, SDC,
has been designated as  Generally Recognized as Safe , or GRAS, for use on food processing equipment, machinery and
utensils. 

PURE Control     

We have the necessary regulatory approvals
from the FDA to offer PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for fresh produce and raw poultry. We also have regulatory
approvals from the USDA for certain methods of application of PURE Control on poultry and we are also performing additional trials
to gain further USDA approvals for additional food contact applications for poultry. Additionally, we are currently testing and
continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact
processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. 

Poultry Processing Aid.   In December
2015, we received the required approvals from the FDA stating that our FCN (food contact notification) for SDC as a raw poultry
processing aid is complete. We have received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food Safety and Inspection
Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry carcasses, parts and
organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however, received the required
approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our ability to commercialize
PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We continue our on-going plant trials to optimize
the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain USDA approval for use in that stage
of poultry processing. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use
higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing to have the flexibility to adjust to varying plant and processing conditions.
We are continuing to work with the FDA to obtain approval for the higher concentrations of SDC in poultry processing and expect
to receive FDA approval in the second calendar quarter of 2017. 

Testing data conducted by Dr. James Marsden
at Kansas State University and submitted in support of our FCN showed that, SDC achieved an average reduction in  Salmonella
 of 2.75 log 10  CFU/cm 2  when applied as an OLR (online reprocessing) spray and 6.28 log 10  CFU/cm 2
 when combined with an immersion chilling process simulating current U.S. industry practices. We believe that testing by
Dr. Marsden provides support to the following benefits of SDC for poultry processing: 

The use of SDC antimicrobial
    solution in poultry processing has the potential to enable plants to achieve non-detectable Salmonella levels post-chill process.   

A sensory evaluation
    of SDC showed no difference in color, appearance or odor in treated poultry.   

SDC has a neutral
    to positive impact on yield.   

SDC offers a highly
    effective alternative to hazardous and difficult to blend chemicals currently used as treatments in raw poultry processing.   

SDC is a significant
    improvement over current processing practices. The product is:   

Table of Contents  

Easier to handle
    and dilute;   

Non-corrosive to
    processing equipment;   

Does not create
    noxious fumes; and   

Poultry processors
    will also benefit from the highly stable solution, ease of use and improved worker safety.   

Produce Processing Aid  . In January
2016, we received the required approvals from the FDA stating that our FCN for SDC as a spray or dip on processed fruits and vegetables
is complete. We were not required to obtain any approvals from the USDA to use PURE Control as a produce processing aid. 

Data from testing conducted by Dr. James Marsden
at Kansas State University and submitted in support of our FCN for produce showed that SDC achieved average reductions up to 2.36
log10 CFU/cm2 when applied alone as a spray and up to 3.10 log10 CFU/cm2 when combined with chlorine wash, simulating current
processing practices. Sensory evaluations of produce treated with SDC indicated no difference in color, appearance or odor to
untreated controls; and SDC had no effect on the nutritional composition of the produce. 

Currently, produce processors target achieving
only a 1 log10 CFU/cm2 reduction per intervention treatment. Data suggests that by incorporating SDC, processors can improve their
results 100-fold with only one step. This represents a significant advantage to produce processors as well as improvement to the
safety of processed produce going to the consumer. 

Other Processing Aids under Development  .
We are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us to seek regulatory approval to also utilize PURE
Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including beef and pork. Subject to successful pilot testing results
and development, we intend to submit for both FDA and USDA approval during calendar 2017. In addition, we may identify other food
processing opportunities for SDC. 

Additional SDC-Based Products   

In addition to PURE Hard Surface and PURE
Control, we manufacture and sell (i) SDC-based products for end use, (ii) products preserved with SDC and (iii) SDC as a raw material
ingredient for manufacturing use. These products include: 

Product
    Name  
       
      Product
    Use  
       
      EPA
    Registration   
 
      PURE Complete Solution:  

PURE  
     Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner Concentrate  
       
      Cleaner  
       
      Not applicable   
 
      PURE  
     Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner Concentrate  
       
      Cleaner  
       
      Not applicable   
 
      Axen   30  
       
      Disinfectant  
       
      Axen30   
 
      Axenohl     
       
      Raw material ingredient  
       
      Axenohl   
 
      SILV RION     
       
      Raw material ingredient  
       
      Not applicable   

PURE Complete Solution    

Our PURE Complete Solution is comprised of
PURE Hard Surface and concentrated cleaning products that were launched as companion products to PURE Hard Surface. The PURE Complete
Solution offers a comprehensive, cost-effective and user-friendly cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing product line to end-users
including our targeted foodservice, food manufacturing and food processing customers. We can also target this product line to
hospital and medical care facilities; janitorial service providers and the distributors that supply them. 

Table of Contents  

PURE        Multi-Purpose and Floor
Cleaner Concentrate (End-User Dilutable)    

PURE Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner, is an
environmentally responsible cleaning product that is protected by SDC. SDC ensures the quality and safety of PURE Multi-Purpose
and Floor Cleaner without human or environmental exposure to toxic chemical preservatives. PURE Multi-Purpose and Floor Cleaner
is non-toxic and non-flammable and contains no EDTA, phosphates, ammonia or bleach as well as no VOCs or NPEs. This efficient
cleaner provides professional strength cleaning in a concentrate formula that yields a 1:96   1:256 use dilution that is
safe for use on all resilient surfaces, including floors, glass and food contact surfaces. 

PURE        Multi-Purpose
Hi-Foam Cleaner Concentrate (End-User Dilutable)    

PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner is an environmentally
responsible, professional strength high foam forming cleaning product that is protected by SDC. SDC ensures the quality and safety
of PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner without human or environmental exposure to toxic chemical preservatives. PURE Multi-Purpose
Hi-Foam Cleaner is non-toxic and non-flammable and contains no EDTA, phosphates, ammonia or bleach as well as no VOCs or NPEs.
PURE Multi-Purpose Hi-Foam Cleaner provides high foam cleaning in a concentrate formula that yields a 1:50 use dilution that is
safe for use on stainless steel equipment, resilient floors, walls and painted surfaces. 

Axen    30 (Ready-to-Use)    

Axen30 is our patented and EPA-registered
hard surface disinfectant and is a predecessor ready-to-use product to PURE Hard Surface. Axen30 is currently sold on a limited
basis by distributors under their respective private labels. 

Axenohl    (Raw Material
Ingredient)    

Axenohl is our patented and EPA-registered
SDC-based antimicrobial formulation for use as a raw material ingredient in the manufacturing of EPA-registered products. Axenohl
is a colorless, odorless and stable solution that provides fast acting efficacy against bacteria, viruses and fungi when manufactured
into consumer and commercial disinfecting and sanitizing products. 

SILV RION    (Raw
Material Ingredient)    

SILV RION is our patented SDC-based
antimicrobial formulation for use as a raw material ingredient in the manufacturing of personal care products. It can be used
as either an active ingredient or a preservative. SILV RION is a colorless, odorless and stable solution that provides
ionic silver in a water-soluble form. It provides fast acting efficacy at low concentrations against a broad-spectrum of bacteria,
viruses, yeast and molds. SILV RION is currently sold domestically and outside of the United States in various personal
care products. 

Financial Overview   

This financial overview provides a general
description of our revenue and expenses. 

Revenue   

We contract manufacture and sell SDC-based
products for end use, and as a raw material for manufacturing use. We also license our products and technology to development
and commercialization partners. Revenue is recognized when realized or realizable and earned. Any amounts received prior to satisfying
revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Cost of Goods Sold   

Cost of goods sold for product sales includes
direct and indirect costs to manufacture products, including materials consumed, manufacturing overhead, shipping costs, salaries,
benefits, reserved inventory, and related expenses of operations. Depreciation related to manufacturing is systematically allocated
to inventory produced, and expensed through cost of goods sold at the time inventory is sold. 

Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative   

Selling, general and administrative expense
consists primarily of salaries and other related costs for personnel in business development, sales, finance, accounting, information
technology, and executive functions. Other selling, general and administrative costs include product marketing, advertising, and
trade show costs, as well as public relations and investor relations, facility costs, and legal, accounting and other professional
fees. 

Research and Development   

Our research and development activities are
focused on leveraging our technology platform to develop additional proprietary products and applications. Research and development
expense consists primarily of personnel and related costs, product registration expenses, and third-party testing. We expense
research and development costs as incurred. 

Other Income (Expense)   

We record interest income, interest expense,
change in derivative liabilities, as well as other non-operating transactions, as other income (expense) in our condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Results of Operations   

Fluctuations in Operating Results    

Our results of operations have fluctuated
significantly from period to period in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. We anticipate that our results
of operations will be affected for the foreseeable future by several factors that may contribute to these periodic fluctuations,
including the demand for our products, the timing and amount of our product sales, and the progress and timing of expenditures
related to sales and marketing, as well as product development. Due to these fluctuations, we believe that the period-to-period
comparisons of our operating results are not a reliable indication of our future performance. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended October 31, 2016 and
2015    

Net Product Sales   

Net product sales were $531,000 and $186,000
for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $345,000 was primarily attributable to new
customer sales in the food safety industry, as well as sales fluctuations within our existing legacy customer base. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2016,
one individual customer accounted for 59% of our net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for 10% or more of
our net product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows: 100% U.S. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2015,
three individual customers accounted for 41%, 14%, and 12%, and of our net product sales, respectively. No other individual customer
accounted for 10% or more of our net product sales. The geographic breakdown of net product sales was as follows: 100% U.S. 

Cost of Goods Sold   

Cost of goods sold was $265,000 and $54,000
for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $211,000 was attributable to increased net
product sales. 

Gross margin as a percentage of net product
sales, or gross margin percentage, was 50% and 71% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease
in gross margin percentage was primarily attributable to the sale of lower margin formulations and packaging configurations of
our products during the quarter ended October 31, 2016 as compared with the prior period. 

Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expense    

Selling, general and administrative expense
was $1,337,000 and $1,086,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $251,000 was
primarily attributable to increased business development and marketing costs and personnel and professional service costs offset
by decreased legal fees. 

Research and Development Expense    

Research and development expense was $248,000
and $236,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase of $12,000 was primarily attributable
to third-party testing and research supporting our FDA approval efforts. 

Share-Based Compensation    

Share-based compensation expense was $278,000
and $672,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease of $394,000 is primarily due to
the vesting of restricted stock units granted to employees and directors supporting our selling, general and administrative, and
research and development functions during the prior fiscal year. 

Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities in Excess of Proceeds.

The fair value of derivative liabilities in
excess of proceeds was zero and $1,008,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively (See Note 9 to the
condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). 

Change in Derivative Liabilities   

Change in derivative liabilities for the three
months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was an increase of $159,000 and a decrease of $43,000, respectively. The increase is due
to the warrants issued in connection with the 2015 Private Placement Financing, as well as, warrant exercises, expirations, and
cancellations and updates to the assumptions used in the fair value pricing model for warrants at the end of the reporting period
(See Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense for the three months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $1,000 and $2,000, respectively. 

Other Income (Expense)    

Other income for the three months ended October
31, 2016 and 2015 was $14,000 and $9,000, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Since our inception, we have financed our
operations primarily through public and private offerings of securities, debt financing, and revenue from product sales and license
agreements. We have a history of recurring losses, and as of October 31, 2016 we have incurred a cumulative net loss of $104,962,000. 

Subsequent to October 31, 2016, we completed
a private placement pursuant to which we sold 1,176,472 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 1,176,472 shares of
our common stock. The shares were sold at a per share purchase price of $0.85 per share, resulting in $1,000,000 in aggregate
gross proceeds. After deducting fees of approximately $225,000, the net proceeds to us were $775,000 (See Note 13 to the consolidated
financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). 

Table of Contents  

As of October 31, 2016, we had $4,064,000
in cash and cash equivalents compared with $5,194,000 in cash and cash equivalents as of July 31, 2016. The net decrease in cash
and cash equivalents was primarily attributable to the use of cash to fund our operations. Additionally, as of October 31, 2016,
we had $2,842,000 of current liabilities, including $654,000 in accounts payable, compared with $2,536,000 of current liabilities,
including $479,000 in accounts payable as of July 31, 2016. The net increase in current liabilities was primarily due to the timing
of accounts payable and the derivative liability incurred from the issuance of warrants associated with our November 2015 financing. 

In addition, from time to time we have entered
into employment agreements with our executives that, under certain cases, provide for the continuation of salary and certain other
benefits if these executives are terminated under specified circumstances. These agreements generally expire upon termination
for cause or when we have met our obligations under these agreements. As of October 31, 2016, no events have occurred resulting
in the obligation of any such payments. 

Our future capital requirements depend on
numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the following: the acceptance of, and demand
for, our products; our success and the success of our partners in selling our products; our success and the success of our partners
in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell our products; the costs of further developing our existing products and technologies;
the extent to which we invest in new product and technology development; and the costs associated with the continued operation,
and any future growth, of our business. The outcome of these and other forward-looking factors will substantially affect our liquidity
and capital resources. 

We expect that we will need to increase our
liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures. These measures may include, but are not limited to, the following: reducing
operating expenses; entering into partnerships, licenses, or other arrangements with third parties; and reducing the exercise
price of outstanding warrants. These measures could substantially reduce the value to us of our technology and its commercial
potential as it may be necessary to enter into arrangements with less favorable terms than otherwise possible. Additionally, we
may issue equity, debt or convertible securities to obtain financing, which may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, and
the new equity, debt or convertible securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders.
Further, a reduction in operating expenses will require a reduction in the sales, marketing, and other commercialization activities
required to bring our products to market. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. 

If we are unable to obtain sufficient capital,
it would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. It could cause us to fail to execute our business plan,
fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements. It also
may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs, to license to third parties
the right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize ourselves, or to reduce or cease operations
altogether. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to significantly modify our business model and
operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level. 

We believe our available cash on-hand and
cash received from financings subsequent to our quarter ended October 31, 2016, our current efforts to market and sell our products,
and our ability to significantly reduce expenses, will provide sufficient cash resources to satisfy our needs over the next 12
months. However, we do not yet have, and we may never have, significant cash inflows from product sales or from other sources
of revenue to offset our ongoing and planned investments in corporate infrastructure, research and development projects, regulatory
submissions, business development initiatives, and sales and marketing activities, among other investments. Some or all of our
ongoing or planned investments may not be successful and could result in further losses. In addition, irrespective of our cash
resources, we may be contractually or legally obligated to make certain investments which cannot be postponed. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related
disclosures. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

Table of Contents  

In addition, the condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this Quarterly Report have been prepared and presented on a basis assuming we will continue as a going
concern. Until we can generate significant cash from operations, we expect to continue to fund our operations with the proceeds
of offerings of our equity and debt securities. However, we cannot assure you that additional financing will be available when
needed or that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to us or to our stockholders. If we raise additional
funds from the issuance of equity securities, substantial dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result. If we raise
additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as
covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Further, any contracts or license
arrangements we enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our rights to our products or technology, and we cannot
assure you that we will be able to enter into any such contracts or license arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all. Having
insufficient funds may require us to delay or scale back our marketing, distribution and other commercialization activities or
cease our operations altogether. Our financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability or classification
of recorded assets and classification of recorded liabilities. 

We believe the following accounting policies
and estimates are critical to aid you in understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 

Revenue Recognition   

We sell our products to distributors and end
users. We record revenue when we sell products to our customers, rather than when our customers resell products to third parties.
When we sell products to our customers, we reduce the balance of our inventory with a corresponding charge to cost of goods sold.
We do not currently have any consignment sales. 

Terms of our product sales are generally FOB
shipping point. Product sales are recognized when delivery of the products has occurred (which is generally at the time of shipment),
title has passed to the customer, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and we have
no further obligations. Any amounts received prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue.
We record product sales net of discounts at the time of sale and report product sales net of such discounts. 

We also license our products and technology
to development and commercialization partners. License fee revenue consists of product and technology license fees earned. If
multiple-element arrangements require on-going services or performance, then upfront product and technology license fees under
such arrangements are deferred and recognized over the period of such services or performance. Non-refundable amounts received
for substantive milestones are recognized upon achievement of the milestone. Any amounts received prior to satisfying these revenue
recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Share-Based Compensation   

We grant equity-based awards under share-based
compensation plans or stand-alone contracts. We estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards using the Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards. The Black-Scholes
option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock, risk-free
interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option. Share-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately
expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. Changes in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes option
valuation model could materially affect our net loss and net loss per share. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    

In accordance with GAAP, if indicators of
impairment exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of
such assets can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows. If impairment is indicated, we measure the amount
of such impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the fair value of the asset and we record the impairment as
a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating results. Estimating the undiscounted future cash
flows associated with long-lived assets requires judgment, and assumptions could differ materially from actual results. 

Table of Contents  

For purposes of testing impairment, we group
our long-lived assets at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows independent of other asset groups. Currently,
there is only one level of aggregation for our intangible assets. We assess the impairment of long-lived assets, consisting of
property, plant, and equipment and our patent portfolio, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. Examples of such events or circumstances include: 

an asset group s ability to continue to
    generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods;   

loss of legal ownership or title to the asset(s);   

significant changes in our strategic business
    objectives and utilization of the asset(s); and   

the impact of significant negative industry
    or economic trends.   

Additionally, on a quarterly basis we review
the significant assumptions underlying our impairment assessment to determine whether our previous conclusions remain valid. 

Recoverability of assets to be held and used
in operations is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the assets. The factors used to evaluate the future net cash flows, while reasonable, require a high degree of judgment and
the results could vary if the actual results are materially different than the forecasts. In addition, we base useful lives and
amortization or depreciation expense on our subjective estimate of the period that the assets will generate revenue or otherwise
be used by us. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
the carrying amount or fair value less selling costs. 

We also periodically review the lives assigned
to our intangible assets to ensure that our initial estimates do not exceed any revised estimated periods from which we expect
to realize cash flows from the assets. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned factors or estimates, the likelihood
of a material change in our reported results would increase. 

Derivative Financial Instruments   

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow or market or foreign currency risks. 

We review the terms of the common stock, warrants
and convertible debt we issue to determine whether there are derivative instruments, including embedded conversion options that
are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as derivative financial instruments. In circumstances where the host
instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including a conversion option, that is required to be bifurcated,
the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. 

Derivatives are initially recorded at fair
value and are then revalued at each reporting date with changes in the fair value reported as non-operating income or expense.
When the equity or convertible debt instruments contain embedded derivative instruments that are to be bifurcated and accounted
for as liabilities, the total proceeds received are first allocated to the fair value of all the bifurcated derivative instruments.
The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the host instruments themselves, usually resulting in those instruments
being recorded at a discount from their face value. 

Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

As a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, and as provided in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K,
we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by
this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer
and our Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

In connection with the evaluation required
by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer
and our Principal Financial Officer, concluded that there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during
the three months ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents  

PART II   Other
Information  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The impact and outcome of litigation,
if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and any adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that
could harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims to which we or our wholly owned subsidiary
is a party or of which any of our property is subject that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In evaluating us and our common stock,
we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors
disclosed in Item 1A. to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, which we filed with
the SEC on October 27, 2016 (the  Form 10-K ). The risks and uncertainties described in  Item 1A   Risk
Factors  of our Form 10-K have not materially changed, other than the risk factors disclosed below. Any of the risks discussed
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or any of the risks disclosed in Item 1A. to Part I of our Form 10-K, as well as additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry   

Our future capital needs are uncertain,
and we currently expect that we will need additional funds in the future which may not be available on acceptable terms or at
all.   

Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including,
among other factors: 

the acceptance of,
    and demand for, our products;   

the success of our
    strategic partners in developing and selling products derived from our technology;   

the costs of further
    developing our existing, and developing new, products or technologies;   

the extent to which
    we invest in new technology, testing and product development;   

the timing of vendor
    payments and of the collection of receivables, among other factors affecting our working capital;   

the exercise of
    outstanding options or warrants to acquire our common stock;   

the number and timing
    of acquisitions and other strategic transactions, if any; and   

the costs associated
    with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business.   

On December 1, 2016, we raised $1 million
in a private placement financing of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock. See Note 13 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Therefore, as of December 14, 2016, we believe
that our current cash resources are sufficient to meet our anticipated needs during the next twelve months. However, we do not
yet have, and we may never have, significant cash inflows from product sales or from other sources of revenue to offset our ongoing
and planned investments in corporate infrastructure, research and development projects, regulatory submissions, business development
activities, and sales and marketing, among other investments. Some or all of our ongoing or planned investments may not be successful.
In addition, irrespective of our cash resources, we may be contractually or legally obligated to make certain investments, which
cannot be postponed. 

Table of Contents  

We expect that we will need to increase our
liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures, which may include reducing operating expenses, entering into partnerships,
licenses, or other arrangements with third parties, reducing the exercise price of outstanding warrants, or through other means,
any one of which could reduce the value to us, perhaps substantially, of our technology and its commercial potential. Additionally,
we may raise funds in future periods through the issuance of debt, equity, or convertible securities, which could cause dilution
to our existing investors and any new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of
our existing stockholders. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
Insufficient funds would result in a material adverse effect on our business and operations and could cause us to fail to execute
our business plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities, or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements,
and further may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and product development programs, license
to third parties the right to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise commercialize ourselves, or to reduce
or cease operations. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to significantly modify our business
model and operations to reduce spending to a sustainable level. Such modification of our business model and operations could also
result in an impairment of assets which cannot be determined at this time. Furthermore, if we incur additional debt, it may increase
our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization. 

As of December 14, 2016, we have 76,719,783
shares of common stock issued and outstanding or reserved for issuance. Shares reserved for issuance include shares under equity
compensation plans, vested and unvested options, warrants, and unvested restricted stock units. Our current authorized capital
stock is limited to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Any increase in our authorized
capital stock would require the approval of a majority of our stockholders as well as the approval of our Board of Directors.
If we were unable to increase our authorized capital stock for any reason, our ability to raise additional capital through the
issuance of equity or convertible debt would be severely compromised and we may be unable to obtain equity or convertible debt
capital at all. 

If we are unable to obtain the required
regulatory approvals from the FDA and USDA, or if such efforts are delayed, our ability to commercialize PURE Control as a direct
food contact processing aid will be harmed and our business and operating results will suffer.  

We intend to offer PURE Control as a direct
food contact processing aid where it is applied as a wash for produce, meat and poultry as an intervention to prevent or kill
various food-borne pathogens. To date, we have received the required FDA approvals to market PURE Control as a direct food contact
processing aid for raw poultry and fresh produce in December 2015 and January 2016, respectively. No additional approval from
the USDA is required for fresh produce. In July 2016, we received a  No Objection Letter  from the USDA s Food
Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) granting approval for SDC-based PURE Control to be used as a spray or dip applied to poultry
carcasses, parts and organs in pre-OLR (on-line reprocessing) and post chill processing of fresh poultry. We have not, however,
received the required approval from the USDA to utilize PURE Control in OLR poultry processing, which effectively restricts our
ability to commercialize PURE Control for poultry processing until we receive such additional approval. We are continuing our
on-going plant trials to optimize the application of PURE Control, including with higher concentrations of SDC, in OLR to gain
USDA approval for use in that stage of poultry processing, but there is no assurance that we will obtain such approval on a timely
basis, or at all. Based on these on-going plant trials, we have submitted an additional FCN to the FDA to allow us to use higher
concentrations of SDC in poultry processing and we are continuing to work with the FDA to obtain approval for the higher concentrations
of SDC in poultry processing. There is no assurance, however, that we will receive the required approvals from the FDA and USDA
for higher concentrations of SDC. Additionally, we are currently testing and continuing development of PURE Control to allow us
to apply for regulatory approval to also utilize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for raw meats, including
beef and pork. If we are unable to obtain the required regulatory approvals from the FDA and USDA, or if such efforts are delayed,
our ability to commercialize PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid for poultry and as a direct food contact processing
aid for raw meets will be restricted and our business and operating results will suffer. 

Table of Contents  

Risks Related to Our Common Stock  

Potential sales or issuances of our
common stock to raise capital, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause dilution to our current stockholders
and the price of our common stock to fall.    

We have historically supported our operations
through the issuance of equity and expect to continue to do so in the future. For example, on December 1, 2016, we completed a
private placement financing of 1,176,472 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1,176,472 shares of common stock for
aggregate gross proceeds of $1 million. After deducting fees of approximately $225,000, the net proceeds to us were $775,000 (See
Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). Although we may not
be successful in obtaining financing through equity sales on terms that are favorable to us in the future, if at all, any such
sales that do occur could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing holders of our common stock. Additionally,
the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities to any new investors, or the anticipation
of such sales, could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon
Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures   

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information

On December 13, 2016, we entered into an RSU
Cancellation Agreement with our officers and directors who received restricted stock unit awards (the  RSUs ) in October
2013 as compensation for their continued services to us over a required vesting period. Under this Agreement, our officers and
directors agreed to cancel RSUs representing the right to receive an aggregate of 3.9 million vested shares of our common stock.
Pursuant to the terms of the cancelled RSUs, we would have been required to settle and deliver these vested shares to the individual
officers and directors prior to January 1, 2017, which would have triggered a taxable event. Our officers and directors, in their
individual capacities, voluntarily agreed to cancel their respective RSUs based on their determination that cancelling the RSUs
would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. The individual officers and directors reached this conclusion
for the following reasons: 

1.  
       Conserves our
    Available Cash Resources . The RSUs held by our officers provide these individuals with the right to require us to pay
    the applicable state and federal taxes due upon the settlement and delivery of their vested RSU shares in exchange for the
    individual cancelling and returning to us that number of shares of common stock equal in value to the our contractual tax
    payment obligation. By agreeing to cancel the RSUs, we will not be required to utilize our available cash resources to pay
    the tax payments on behalf of our officers, and as a result, it can conserve its available cash resources to support the continued
    implementation of our business plan.   

Table of Contents  

2.  
       Reduces Pressure
    on Our Stock Price . The RSUs held by our non-employee directors provide these individuals with the right to immediately
    sell into the public market that number of shares of common stock sufficient to cover the applicable state and federal taxes
    payable as a result of the settlement and delivery of their vested RSU shares. Our common stock currently has a limited daily
    trading volume, and the sale or the potential sale of a substantial number of shares of common stock by our officers and directors
    to cover their federal and state tax obligations would adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which in turn,
    could harm our ability to raise funds to support our operations or require us to raise funds at terms and valuations that
    would be more dilutive to our existing stockholders.   

Each of our officers and directors who are
parties to the RSU Cancellation Agreement agreed to cancel their RSUs and the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs in their
individual capacities as stockholders and equity award holders, and without any agreement or promise from us or our officers or
directors to issue them equity, equity-based awards or cash compensation in the future in exchange for entering into the Agreement.
A copy of the RSU Cancellation Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated herein
by reference. 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits   

The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report pursuant
to Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation
    of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on
    October 29, 2012)   

3.1.1  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to Certificate
    of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
    with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

3.2  
       
      Bylaws of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

3.2.1  
       
      Amendment to the Bylaws of PURE Bioscience,
    Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012)   

4.1  
       
      Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2009)   

4.2  
       
      Wharton Capital Markets LLC Warrant
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2012)   

4.3  
       
      Form of Underwriter s Warrant
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2012)   

4.4  
       
      Morrison   Foerster LLP Warrant
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 31, 2013)   

4.5  
       
      Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC April 23, 2013)   

4.6  
       
      Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC August 27, 2014)   

4.7  
       
      Form of
                                    Five-Year Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Annual
                                    Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2015)   

4.8  
       
      Form of
                                    Six-Month Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Annual
                                    Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2015)   

4.9  
       
      Form of Investor Warrant in 2016
    Private Placement Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
    December 7, 2016)   

4.10  
       
      Form of
    Placement Agent Warrant   in 2016 Private Placement Financing
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC December 7, 2016)   

10.1  
       
      Form of Securities Purchase Agreement
    in 2016 Private Placement Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
    the SEC December 7, 2016)   

10.2  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement
    in 2016 Private Placement Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
    the SEC December 7, 2016)   

10.3*#  
       
      RSU Cancellation Agreement, dated
    as of December 13, 2016, by and among the Company and the officers and directors party thereto.   

Table of Contents  

*  
      Filed herewith.   

#  
      Management contract or compensatory plan or
    arrangement   

Table of Contents  

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

PURE BIOSCIENCE, INC.    

Date: December
    14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    HENRY R. LAMBERT    

Henry R. Lambert,
    Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: December
    14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    MARK S. ELLIOTT    

Mark S. Elliott,
    Vice President, Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex10-3.htm

RSU
CANCELLATION AGREEMENT   

This
RSU CANCELLATION AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ), dated as of December 13, 2016, is entered into by and between
Pure Bioscience, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), and the individuals listed on  Schedule A
 attached hereto (each, a   Holder   and collectively, the   Holders  ).  

RECITALS    

WHEREAS ,
in August 2013, the Company announced a new business strategy focused on the commercialization of its SDC-based products to address
food safety risks across the food industry supply chain.  

WHEREAS ,
as part of this new business strategy, the Company announced the appointment of a new management team and the election of a new
Board of Directors, each comprised of experts in food safety or the food industry supply chain.  

WHEREAS ,
following this restructuring, the Board of Directors issued restricted stock unit awards (each, an   RSU   and
collectively, the   RSUs  ) to the Company s officers and directors as compensation for their future services
to the Company over a required vesting period.  

WHEREAS ,
each Holder is an officer and/or director of the Company, and received an RSU for their services to the Company for that number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock listed on  Schedule A .  

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to the terms of the RSUs, the Company is required to settle and deliver the vested shares of Common Stock underlying
the RSUs to the Holders prior to January 1, 2017.  

WHEREAS ,
the settlement and delivery of the vested shares of Common Stock is a taxable event.  

WHEREAS ,
the RSU award agreements provide those Holders who are serving as officers of the Company with the right to require the Company
to pay the applicable state and federal taxes due upon settlement and delivery of such Holder s RSU on behalf of the Holder
in exchange for the Holder cancelling and returning to the Company that number of shares of Common Stock equal in value to the
Company s contractual tax payment obligation.  

WHEREAS ,
the RSUs provide those Holders who are serving as non-employee directors with the right to immediately sell that number of shares
of Common Stock sufficient to cover the applicable state and federal taxes payable as a result of the settlement and delivery
of their respective RSUs.  

WHEREAS ,
the Company s operations are not yet profitable and it currently has limited available cash resources to support its operations,
and as a result, the contractual requirement to use its existing cash resources to satisfy the tax payments due upon the settlement
and delivery of the RSUs held by its officers could hinder its ability to implement its business plan and continue as a going
concern.  

WHEREAS,
 the Company s Common Stock has a limited daily trading volume and the sale or the proposed sale of substantial number
of shares of its Common Stock by its officers and directors in the public market to cover the federal and state taxes due upon
settlement and delivery of the RSUs would adversely affect the market price of the Company s Common Stock, which could harm
the Company s ability to raise funds to support its operations or require it to raise funds at terms and valuations that
would be more dilutive to its existing stockholders.  

WHEREAS ,
each of the Holders own shares of the Company s Common Stock, and/or rights to acquire shares of the Company s Common
Stock, in addition to the RSUs.  

AGREEMENT    

NOW,
THEREFORE , in connection with the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  

1.        Cancellation
of RSUs . Upon the date hereof and without further action on the part of the Company or the Holder, each Holder agrees to cancel
such Holder s RSU listed on  Schedule A  hereto and to forfeit the settlement and delivery of the shares of Common
Stock issuable to the Holder under the RSU (the   RSU Shares  ).  

2.        Representations
of Holder . Each Holder represents and warrants that he currently owns all right, title and interest in his RSU free and clear
of any all security interests, liens, encumbrances, third party rights, community property rights or other similar rights and
he has not disposed of or transferred any interest of any kind in his RSU (or the RSU Shares). Each Holder acknowledges that,
as of the date hereof, he no longer will have any equity or ownership interest of any kind in the RSU (or the RSU Shares) or any
future rights to receive any payment or additional consideration for the RSU (or the RSU Shares). Each Holder acknowledges that
he has had an opportunity to discuss the Company s business, management and financial affairs with the management of the
Company, but is not relying on any statements or representations made by the Company or its management in his decision to enter
into this Agreement or to cancel the RSUs (or the RSU Shares), including any promise or agreement by the Company (or its officers,
directors or advisors) to issue shares of Common Stock or any other equity award or consideration to replace the cancelled RSU
and RSU Shares.  

3.        Advice
of Counsel and Tax Advisors . Each Holder acknowledges that the Company and its agents and representatives have not provided
him with any legal, investment or tax advice in connection with this Agreement, and that he has had the opportunity to receive
the advice of his respective counsel and tax advisors prior to signing this Agreement.  

4.        Entire
Agreement . Each Holder acknowledges that this Agreement is a full and accurate embodiment of the understanding between such
Holder and the Company, and that it supersedes any prior agreements or understandings made by the parties. The terms of this Agreement
may not be modified, except by mutual consent of the Company and each Holder. Any and all modifications must be reduced to writing
and signed by the parties to be effective.  

5.        Governing
Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered within the State of California, and it shall
be construed, interpreted, governed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to choice
of law principles. In the event of any dispute in connection with this Agreement, the venue in which said dispute will be resolved
will be San Diego, California and each party hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts located
in San Diego, California in connection with any dispute relating to or arising out of this Agreement.  

6.        Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.  

7.        Good
Faith Compliance and Further Assurances . Each Holder agrees to cooperate in good faith and to do all things necessary to effectuate
this Agreement, including taking all such other actions necessary (including signing any necessary agreements, certificates or
documents) to cancel his RSU, the RSU Shares, and any other obligations or duties of the Company under the terms of his RSU.  

[ Signature
page follows ]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement intending to be legally bound as of the date first written
above.  

COMPANY:    

PURE
    BIOSCIENCE, INC.    

By:  
       /s/
    Hank Lambert    

Name:  
      Hank
    Lambert   

Title:
      
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

HOLDERS:    

/s/ Dave J. Pfanzelter    

Dave J. Pfanzelter   

/s/ Henry R. Lambert    

Henry R. Lambert   

/s/ Gary D. Cohee    

Gary D. Cohee   

/s/ David Theno, Jr., Ph.D    

David Theno, Jr., Ph.D   

/s/ William Otis    

William Otis   

/s/ Tom Y. Lee    

Tom Y. Lee   

Signature
Page to RSU Cancellation Agreement   

Schedule
A    

List
of Holder RSUs   

(i)  
      200,000
    of the RSU Shares awarded pursuant to this RSU were previously cancelled based on performance-based conditions set forth in
    the RSU award agreement.   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE    

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
Henry R. Lambert, Chief Executive Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc., certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of
    PURE Bioscience, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not
    contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
    light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
    and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
    results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
    and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
    for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
    or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
    relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
    particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial
    reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
    assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
    disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
    controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
    fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
    affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
    and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
    in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
    registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
    management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    HENRY R. LAMBERT    

Henry R. Lambert   

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   

   SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

I,
Mark S. Elliott, Vice President, Finance and Principal Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc.,
certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this
    report on Form 10-Q of PURE Bioscience, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;    

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
    within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)  
      Disclosed in this report
    any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and    

5.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
    to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):    

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies
    and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
    to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    MARK S. ELLIOTT    

Mark
    S. Elliott   

Vice
    President, Finance    

(Principal
    Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:  

(i)  
      the accompanying
    report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended October 31, 2016, to which this Certificate is attached (the  Report )
    fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and    

(ii)  
      the information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
    Company.    

Date:
    December 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Henry R. Lambert    

Henry
        R. Lambert  
          Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained
by Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:  

(i)    the
                                         accompanying report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended October 31, 2016,
                                         to which this Certificate is attached (the  Report ) fully complies with
                                         the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and   

(ii)    the
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:
    December 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Mark S. Elliott    

Mark
                                         S. Elliott  
          (Principal
        Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained
by Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pure-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pure-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pure-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pure-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pure-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pure-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

