<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1380509_0001193125-16-760135_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4187758</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118715</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>277693</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>646294</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1101614</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760135.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104155756
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HFF, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001380509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LESSORS OF REAL PROPERTY, NEC [6519]
		IRS NUMBER:				510610340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33280
		FILM NUMBER:		161975121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VICTORY PARK
		STREET 2:		2323 VICTORY AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-265-0880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VICTORY PARK
		STREET 2:		2323 VICTORY AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760135.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d271456d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from                
to                      Commission file number:
001-33280             
  HFF, Inc.      (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)        
        
    (214) 265-0880   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Number of shares of Class A common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the registrant outstanding as of October 28, 2016 was 38,085,785 shares.      

Table of Contents  

   HFF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  September 30, 2016       

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

4 

Item 
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

22 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk   

34 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

34 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

36 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

36 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

36 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   

36 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

36 

Item 5. Other Information   

36 

Item 6. Exhibits   

36 

Signatures   

37 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302  

Certification Pursuant to Section 302  

Certification Pursuant to Section 1350  

2  

Table of Contents  

   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things,
our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as  outlook,   believes,   expects,   potential,   continues,   may, 
 will,   should,   seeks,   approximately,   predicts,   intends,   plans,   estimates,   anticipates  or the negative version of these words or other
comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these
statements. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under the caption  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These factors should not be construed as
exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of
new information, future developments or otherwise.     SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING THE REGISTRANT   
 In connection with our initial public offering in February 2007, we effected a reorganization of our business into a holding company holding
the partnership interests in Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. and HFF Securities L.P. (together, the  Operating Partnerships ), held through the wholly owned subsidiary HFF Partnership Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and
all of the outstanding shares of Holliday GP Corp., a Delaware corporation, which is the sole general partner of each of the Operating Partnerships. The transactions that occurred in connection with the initial public offering and reorganization are
referred to as the  Reorganization Transactions.     Unless the context otherwise requires, references to (1)  HFF
Holdings  refer solely to HFF Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that was previously the holding company for our consolidated subsidiaries, and not to any of its subsidiaries, (2)  HFF LP  refer to Holliday
Fenoglio Fowler, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, (3)  HFF Securities  refer to HFF Securities L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and registered broker-dealer, (4)  Holliday GP  refer to Holliday GP Corp., a
Delaware corporation and the general partner of HFF LP and HFF Securities, (5)  HoldCo LLC  refer to HFF Partnership Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of HFF, Inc., and
(6)  Holdings Sub  refer to HFF LP Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of HFF Holdings (together, the  Holdings Affliliates ). Our business operations are conducted by HFF LP and
HFF Securities, which are sometimes referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as the  Operating Partnerships . Also, except where specifically noted, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  the Company, 
 we  or  us  mean HFF, Inc., a Delaware corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Reorganization Transactions.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements       HFF, Inc.  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (Dollars in Thousands)   
  (Current period unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

  HFF, Inc.  
   Consolidated Statements of Income    
  (Dollars in Thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   HFF, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
  (Dollars in Thousands, except share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
     
    See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

  HFF, Inc.  
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
  (Dollars in Thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Table of Contents  

  HFF, Inc.  
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
  1. Organization and Basis of Presentation   
  Organization     HFF, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), through its Operating Partnerships, Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P., a Texas limited partnership ( HFF LP ), and HFF Securities L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and registered broker-dealer ( HFF
Securities  and together with HFF LP, the  Operating Partnerships ), is a commercial real estate financial intermediary providing commercial real estate and capital markets services including debt placement, investment sales, equity
placements, investment banking and advisory services, loan sales and loan sale advisory services, commercial loan servicing, and capital markets advice and maintains 23 offices in the United States.  
  Initial Public Offering and Reorganization     The Company
was formed in November 2006 in connection with a proposed initial public offering of its Class A common stock. On November 9, 2006, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) relating to a proposed underwritten initial public offering of 14,300,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the  Offering ). On January 30, 2007, the SEC declared the registration
statement on Form S-1 effective and the Company priced 14,300,000 shares for the initial public offering at a price of $18.00 per share. On January 31, 2007, the Company s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol  HF.     In addition to cash received for its sale of all of the shares of Holliday GP and approximately 44.7% of partnership units of each
of the Operating Partnerships (including partnership units in the Operating Partnerships held by Holliday GP), HFF Holdings also received, through the issuance of one share of the Company s Class B common stock to HFF Holdings, an exchange
right that permitted HFF Holdings to exchange interests in the Operating Partnerships for shares of (i) the Company s Class A common stock (the  Exchange Right ) and (ii) rights under a tax receivable agreement between
the Company and HFF Holdings. Since all of the partnership units had been exchanged as of August 31, 2012, the Class B common stock was transferred to the Company and retired on August 31, 2012 in accordance with the Company s
certificate of incorporation. See Note 12 for further discussion of the tax receivable agreement.    As a result of the reorganization, the Company became a
holding company through a series of transactions pursuant to a sale and purchase agreement. Pursuant to the Offering and reorganization, the Company s sole assets are, through its wholly-owned subsidiary HoldCo LLC, partnership interests of HFF
LP and HFF Securities and all of the shares of Holliday GP.     Basis of Presentation   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, include the accounts of HFF LP, HFF Securities, and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Holliday GP and HoldCo LLC. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated.     Pending Accounting Pronouncements   
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued changes to the accounting for equity compensation. This update simplifies
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective
for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the accounting for leases. This new guidance will require that a lessee recognize assets and
liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with a lease term of more than twelve months, with the result being the recognition of a right of use asset and a lease liability. The new lease accounting requirements are effective for the
Company s 2019 fiscal year with a modified retrospective transition approach required, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In May 2014, the FASB issued changes to revenue recognition with customers. This update provides a five-step
analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. An entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018. This update may be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect of initially applying this update recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     These
interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, the instructions to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01
of Regulation S-X and should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Accordingly, significant accounting policies and disclosures normally provided have been omitted as
such items are disclosed therein. In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal and recurring entries considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented have been included. The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on information available as
of the date of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results could differ from those estimates. Furthermore, operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of
the results expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.    The Company has a firm profit participation plan, office profit participation plans, and
effective January 1, 2015, an executive bonus plan (the  Plans ) that each allow for incentive payments to be made, based on the achievement of various performance metrics, either in the form of cash or stock at the election of the
Company s board of directors. The expense associated with the Plans is included within personnel expenses in the consolidated statements of income. The expense recorded for these Plans is estimated during the year based on actual results at
each interim reporting date and an estimate of future results for the remainder of the year. Based on an accounting policy election and consistent with ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation , the expense associated with the estimated
share-based component of the estimated incentive payout is recognized before the grant date of the share-based awards due to the fact that the terms of the Plans have been approved by the Company s board of directors, the employees of the
Company understand the requirements to earn the award, the number of shares is not determined before the grant date and, finally, if the performance metrics are not met during the performance year, the award is not earned and therefore forfeited.
Prior to the grant date, the share-based component expense is recorded as incentive compensation expense within personnel expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of income. Following the award, if any, of the related incentive payout,
the share-based component expense is reclassified as stock compensation costs within personnel expenses and the share-based component of the accrued incentive compensation is reclassified as additional paid-in-capital upon the granting of the awards
on the Company s consolidated balance sheets.    Prior to January 1, 2015, the Company s office and firm profit participation plans allowed
for payment to be made in both cash and share-based awards, and the composition of such payment was determined in the first calendar quarter of the subsequent year. A portion of the cash and share-based awards issued under these office and firm
profit participation plans are subject to time-based vesting conditions over the subsequent twelve months of the grant date, such that the total expense measured for these plans is recorded over the period from the beginning of the performance year
through the vesting date, or 26 months. In addition, prior to January 1, 2015, awards made under the executive bonus plans were historically settled as a cash payment made in the first calendar quarter of the subsequent year, with the entire
award recognized as expense in the performance year.    Effective January 1, 2015, the Company amended the Plans, which now provide for an overall
increase in the allocation of share-based awards. The cash portion of the awards will not be subject to time-based vesting conditions and will be expensed during the performance year. The share-based portion of the awards is subject to a three year
time-based vesting schedule beginning on the first anniversary of the grant (which is made in the first calendar quarter of the subsequent year). As a result, the total expense for the share-based portion of the awards is recorded over the period
from the beginning of the performance year through the vesting date, or 50 months.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

   3. Stock Compensation   
 The stock compensation cost that has been charged against income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.9 million and $8.9 million,
respectively, which is recorded in personnel expenses in the consolidated statements of income. The stock compensation cost that has been charged against income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $1.8 million and $6.4
million, respectively. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $31.0 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units with a weighted average remaining contractual term of 2.8 years. As of
September 30, 2016, there were 2,082,189 restricted stock units outstanding, of which 1,892,804 have continued vesting requirements.    During the
three month period ended September 30, 2016, no options were granted, vested, exercised or forfeited.    During the three month period ended
September 30, 2016, 16,756 new restricted stock units were granted, 4,393 restricted stock units vested and were converted to Class A common stock, and no restricted stock units were forfeited.  
 The fair value of vested restricted stock units was $5.2 million at September 30, 2016.  
  4. Property and Equipment     Property and equipment consist
of the following (dollars in thousands):      
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has recorded, within furniture and equipment, office
equipment under capital leases of $1.9 million and $1.7 million, respectively, including accumulated amortization of $1.2 million and $0.8 million, respectively, which is included within depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income. See Note 7 for discussion of the related capital lease obligations.     5. Intangible Assets   
 The Company s intangible assets are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company serviced $55.2 billion and $48.7 billion, respectively,
of commercial loans. The Company earned $5.8 million and $17.0 million in servicing fees and interest on float and escrow balances for the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company earned $5.3 million and
$14.7 million in servicing fees and interest on float and escrow balances for the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015, respectively. These revenues are recorded as capital markets services revenues in the consolidated
statements of income.    The total commercial loan servicing portfolio includes loans for which there are no corresponding mortgage servicing rights
recorded on the balance sheet, as these servicing rights were assumed prior to the Company s adoption of ASC 860,  Transfers and Servicing  (ASC 860) on January 1, 2007 and involved no initial consideration paid by the Company. The
Company recorded mortgage servicing rights of $32.0 million and $26.9 million on $53.6 billion and $45.2 billion, respectively, of the total loans serviced as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The Company stratifies its servicing portfolio based on the type of loan, including life company loans,
commercial mortgage backed securities ( CMBS ), Freddie Mac and limited-service life company loans.    Changes in the carrying value of mortgage
servicing rights for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   Amounts capitalized represent mortgage servicing rights retained upon the sale of originated loans to Freddie Mac and mortgage
servicing rights acquired without the exchange of initial consideration for the CMBS and life company tranches. The Company recorded mortgage servicing rights retained upon the sale of originated loans to Freddie Mac of $2.2 million and $8.5 million
on $0.6 billion and $2.8 billion of loans, respectively, during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016, respectively and $3.3 million and $9.2 million on $1.2 billion and $4.2 billion of loans, respectively, during the three
and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company recorded mortgage servicing rights acquired without the exchange of initial consideration on the CMBS and Life company tranches of $0.8 million and $3.3 million on $1.8
billion and $8.4 billion of loans, respectively, during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016, respectively and $1.4 million and $3.2 million on $2.5 billion and $6.9 billion of loans, respectively, during the three and
nine month periods ending September 30, 2015. During the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company sold the cashiering portion of certain Freddie Mac mortgage servicing rights. While the Company transferred the risks and
rewards of ownership of the cashiering portion of the mortgage servicing rights, the Company continues to perform limited servicing activities on these loans for a reduced market-based fee. Therefore, the remaining servicing rights were transferred
to the CMBS servicing tranche. The net result of these transactions was that the Company recorded a gain in the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016 of $0.0 million and $1.8 million, respectively, and $1.5 million and $2.9 million
during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015, respectively, within interest and other income, net in the consolidated statements of income. The Company also received securitization compensation in relation to the
securitization of certain Freddie Mac loans for which the Company services in the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016 of $1.3 million and $4.2 million, respectively, and $1.6 million and $4.7 million during the three and nine month
periods ending September 30, 2015, respectively. The securitization compensation is recorded within interest and other income, net in the consolidated statements of income.  
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $2.2 million and $6.2 million during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
$1.7 million and $4.8 million during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015, respectively, and is recorded in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income.  
 Estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows (dollars in thousands):  

11  

Table of Contents  

  The weighted-average life of the mortgage servicing rights intangible asset was 6.3 years at September 30,
2016.     6. Fair Value Measurement     ASC Topic 820,
 Fair Value Measurement  (ASC 820) establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into the following three levels: Level 1 inputs which are
quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs which are observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs corroborated by market data for the asset or liability; and Level 3 inputs which are
unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions that are not corroborated by market data. A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement.    In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contractual commitments to originate (purchase) and sell multifamily mortgage
loans at fixed prices with fixed expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers  lock-in  a specified interest rate. To mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments to
borrowers, the Company enters into a sale commitment with Freddie Mac simultaneously with the rate lock commitment with the borrower. The terms of the contract with Freddie Mac and the rate lock with the borrower are matched in substantially all
respects to eliminate interest rate risk. Both the rate lock commitments to borrowers and the forward sale contracts to Freddie Mac are undesignated derivatives and, accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. The impact on our financial
position and earnings resulting from loan commitments is not significant. The Company elected the fair value option for all mortgage notes receivable originated after January 1, 2016 to eliminate the impact of the variability in interest rate
movements on the value of the mortgage notes receivable.    The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets that were accounted for at
fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):      
   The valuation of mortgage notes receivable is calculated based on already locked in interest rates. These assets are
classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as all inputs are reasonably observable. There are no financial assets accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2015.  
 In accordance with GAAP, from time to time, the Company measures certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets may include mortgage
servicing rights and prior to January 1, 2016, mortgage notes receivable. The mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value upon initial recording and were not re-measured at fair value during the third quarter of 2016 because the
Company continues to utilize the amortization method under ASC 860 and the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights exceeds the carrying value at September 30, 2016.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets that were accounted for at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Mortgage servicing rights do not trade in an active, open market with readily-available observable prices. Since
there is no ready market value for the mortgage servicing rights, such as quoted market prices or prices based on sales or purchases of similar assets, the Company determines the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights by estimating the present
value of future cash flows associated with the servicing of the loans. Management makes certain assumptions and judgments in estimating the fair value of servicing rights, including the benefits of servicing (contractual servicing fees and interest
on escrow and float balances), the cost of servicing, prepayment rates (including risk of default), an inflation rate, the expected life of the cash flows and the discount rate. The significant assumptions utilized to value servicing rights as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      

(1) 
 Reflects the time value of money and the risk of future cash flows related to the possible cancellation of servicing contracts, transferability restrictions on certain servicing contracts, concentration in the life
company portfolio and large loan risk.      The above assumptions are subject to change based on management s judgments and estimates of
future changes in the risks related to future cash flows and interest rates. Changes in these factors would cause a corresponding increase or decrease in the prepayment rates and discount rates used in the Company s valuation model.  
 FASB ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments  also requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Our financial instruments, excluding those included in the preceding fair value tables above, are as follows:  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents : These balances include cash and cash equivalents with maturities of less than three months. The carrying amount approximates
fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments; these are considered Level 1 fair values.     Warehouse line of credit : Due to the
short-term nature and variable interest rates of this instrument, fair value approximates carrying value; these are considered Level 2 fair values.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   7. Capital Lease Obligations   
 Capital lease obligations consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):  
   
   Capital lease obligations consist primarily of office equipment leases that expire at various dates through November 2019. A
summary of future minimum lease payments under capital leases at September 30, 2016 is as follows (dollars in thousands):      
    8. Warehouse Line of Credit   
 HFF LP maintains two uncommitted warehouse revolving lines of credit for the purpose of funding the Freddie Mac mortgage loans that it originates in connection
with its services as a Freddie Mac Multifamily Approved Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Senior Housing Loans. The Company is a party to an uncommitted $450 million financing arrangement with PNC Bank, N.A. ( PNC ) that can be
increased to $550 million four times a year for a period of 45 calendar days. The Company utilized a portion of this increase in September 2016. The Company is also party to an uncommitted $125 million financing arrangement with The Huntington
National Bank ( Huntington ) that can be increased to $150 million three times in a one-year period for 30 business days. On September 30, 2016, HFF LP entered into an extended funding agreement with Freddie Mac whereby Freddie Mac
can extend the required purchase date for each mortgage that has an Original Mandatory Funding Date (as defined in the agreement) occurring within the fourth quarter of 2016, to February 15, 2017. In connection with the extended funding
agreement with Freddie Mac, PNC agreed to increase the financing arrangement to $2.0 billion. Once the extended funding agreement with Freddie Mac expires on February 15, 2017, the capacity under the PNC warehouse agreement will revert to $450
million.    Each funding is separately approved on a transaction-by-transaction basis and is collateralized by a loan and mortgage on a multifamily property
that is ultimately purchased by Freddie Mac. The PNC and Huntington financing arrangements are only for the purpose of supporting the Company s participation in Freddie Mac s Multifamily Approved Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Senior
Housing Loans program and cannot be used for any other purpose. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, HFF LP had $824.5 million and $318.6 million, respectively, outstanding on the warehouse lines of credit. Interest on the
warehouse lines of credit is at the 30-day LIBOR rate (0.52% and 0.24% at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively) plus a spread. HFF LP is also paid interest on its loan secured by a multifamily loan at the rate in the
Freddie Mac note.     9. Lease Commitments     The Company
leases various corporate offices (which leases sometime include parking spaces) and office equipment under noncancelable operating leases. These leases have initial terms of three to eleven years. Several of the leases have termination clauses
whereby the term may be reduced by two to seven years upon prior notice and payment of a termination fee by the Company. Total rental expense charged to operations was $3.0 million and $8.6 million, respectively, during the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and $2.7 million and $7.4 million, respectively, during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015 and is recorded within occupancy expense in the consolidated statements of income.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  Future minimum rental payments for the next five years under operating leases with noncancelable terms in excess
of one year and without regard to early termination provisions are as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   The Company subleases certain office space to subtenants, which subleases may be canceled at any time. The rental income
received from these subleases is included as a reduction of occupancy expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.    The Company also
leases certain office equipment under capital leases that expire at various dates through 2019. See Note 4 and Note 7 above for further description of the assets and related obligations recorded under these capital leases at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively.     10. Servicing   
 The Company services commercial real estate loans for lenders. The unpaid principal balance of the servicing portfolio totaled $55.2 billion and $48.7 billion
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    In connection with its servicing activities, the Company holds funds in escrow for
the benefit of mortgagors for hazard insurance, real estate taxes and other financing arrangements. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the funds held in escrow totaled $212.7 million and $177.5 million, respectively. These funds,
and the offsetting liabilities of the borrowers to external parties, are not presented in the Company s consolidated financial statements as they do not represent the assets and liabilities of the Company. Pursuant to the requirements of the
various investors for which the Company services loans, the Company maintains bank accounts, holding escrow funds, which have balances in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The fees earned on these escrow funds are reported in capital markets
services revenue in the consolidated statements of income.     11. Legal Proceedings   
 The Company is party to various litigation matters, in most cases involving ordinary course and routine claims incidental to its business. The Company cannot
estimate with certainty its ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to any pending matters. In accordance with ASC 450,  Contingencies,  a reserve for estimated losses is recorded when the amount is probable and can be reasonably
estimated. However, the Company does not believe, based on examination of such pending matters, that a material loss related to these matters is reasonably possible.  
  12. Income Taxes     Income tax expense includes current and
deferred taxes as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The reconciliation between the income tax computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective
tax rate on net income is as follows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
(dollars in thousands):      
   The primary deferred tax asset represents a tax basis step-up election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code
( Section 754 ) made by the Company relating to the initial purchase of units of the Operating Partnerships in connection with the Reorganization Transactions and a tax basis step-up on subsequent exchanges of Operating Partnership units
for shares of the Company s Class A common stock since the date of the Reorganization Transactions. As a result of the step-up in basis from these transactions, the Company is entitled to annual future tax benefits in the form of
amortization for income tax purposes. The annual pre-tax benefit on the Section 754 step-up and past payments under the tax receivable agreement was approximately $120.8 million at September 30, 2016. To the extent that the Company does
not have sufficient taxable income in a year to fully utilize this annual deduction, the unused benefit is recharacterized as a net operating loss and can then be carried back two years or carried forward for twenty years. The Company measured the
deferred tax asset based on the estimated income tax effects of the increase in the tax basis of the assets owned by the Operating Partnerships utilizing the enacted tax rates at the date of the transaction. All subsequent changes in the measurement
of the deferred tax assets due to changes in the enacted tax rates or changes in the valuation allowance, if any, are recorded as a component of income tax expense.  
 In evaluating the realizability of the deferred tax assets, management makes estimates and judgments regarding the level and timing of future taxable income,
including projecting future revenue growth and changes to the cost structure. In order to realize the anticipated 2016 pre-tax benefit of approximately $34.6 million, the Company needs to generate approximately $305 million in revenue
during 2016, assuming a constant cost structure. In the event that the Company cannot realize the anticipated 2016 pre-tax benefit of $34.6 million, the shortfall becomes a net operating loss that can be carried back two years to offset
prior years  taxable income or carried forward twenty years to offset future taxable income. Based on this analysis and other quantitative and qualitative factors, management believes that it is currently more likely than not that the
Company will be able to generate sufficient taxable income to realize the net deferred tax assets resulting from the basis step up transactions (initial sale of units in the Operating Partnerships and subsequent exchanges of Operating Partnership
units since the date of the Reorganization Transactions). The Company has no federal or state net operating losses at September 30, 2016.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has analyzed the need for a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits under ASC 740-10 and has determined
that any such tax benefits do not have a material impact on the financial statements. It is not expected that there will be a significant increase or decrease in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. With few exceptions,
the Company is no longer subject to US federal or state and local tax examination by tax authorities before 2011.    The Company will recognize interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest and other income, net in the consolidated statements of income. There were no interest or penalties recorded in the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  Tax Receivable Agreement     In connection with the
Reorganization Transactions, HFF LP and HFF Securities made an election under Section 754 for 2007 and kept that election in effect for each taxable year in which an exchange of Operating Partnership units for shares of the Company s
Class A common stock occurred. The initial sale as a result of the Offering and subsequent exchanges of Operating Partnership units for shares of Class A common stock produced increases in the tax basis of the assets owned by HFF LP and
HFF Securities to their fair market value. This increase in tax basis allows the Company to reduce the amount of tax payments to the extent that the Company has taxable income. As a result of the increase in tax basis, the Company is entitled to
future tax benefits of $120.8 million and has recorded this amount as a deferred tax asset on its consolidated balance sheet. The Company has updated its estimate of these future tax benefits based on the changes to the estimated annual effective
tax rate for 2016. The Company is obligated, however, pursuant to its tax receivable agreement with HFF Holdings, to pay to HFF Holdings 85% of the amount of cash savings in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes
as a result of these increases in tax basis and as a result of certain other tax benefits arising from the Company entering into the tax receivable agreement and making payments under that agreement. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement,
actual cash savings in income tax is computed by comparing the Company s actual income tax liability to the amount of such taxes that it would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the assets of HFF LP and HFF
Securities as a result of the initial sale and later exchanges had the Company not entered into the tax receivable agreement.    The Company accounted for
the income tax effects and corresponding tax receivable agreement effects as a result of the initial purchase and the sale of units of the Operating Partnerships in connection with the Reorganization Transactions and subsequent exchanges of
Operating Partnership units for the Company s Class A shares, by recognizing a deferred tax asset for the estimated income tax effects of the increase in the tax basis of the assets owned by the Operating Partnerships, based on enacted tax
rates at the date of the transaction, less any tax valuation allowance the Company believes is required. Subsequent changes in enacted tax rates or any valuation allowance are recorded as a component of income tax expense.  
 The Company believes it is more likely than not that it will realize the benefit represented by the deferred tax asset, and, therefore, the Company recorded
85% of this estimated amount of the increase in deferred tax assets as a liability to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement and the remaining 15% of the increase in deferred tax assets directly in additional paid-in capital in
stockholders  equity at the time of each exchange of Operating Partnership partnership units for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. As of August 31, 2012, all of the Operating Partnership partnership units have been
exchanged.    While the actual amount and timing of payments under the tax receivable agreement depend upon a number of factors, including the amount and
timing of taxable income generated in the future, changes in future tax rates, the value of individual assets, the portion of the Company s payments under the tax receivable agreement constituting imputed interest and increases in the tax basis
of the Company s assets resulting in payments to HFF Holdings, the Company has estimated that the future payments that will be made to HFF Holdings will be $111.4 million, and has recorded this obligation to HFF Holdings as a liability on the
consolidated balance sheet. To the extent the Company does not realize all of the tax benefits in future years, this liability to HFF Holdings may be reduced.  
 In conjunction with the filing of the Company s 2015 federal and state tax returns, the benefit for 2015 relating to the Section 754 basis step-up
was finalized, resulting in $12.7 million of tax benefits being realized by the Company. As discussed above, the Company is obligated to remit to HFF Holdings 85% of any such cash savings in federal and state tax. As such, during the third quarter
of 2016, the Company paid $10.8 million to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has made payments to HFF Holdings pursuant to the terms of the tax receivable agreement in an aggregate amount of
approximately $74.2 million and the Company anticipates making a payment of $11.3 million to HFF Holdings in 2017.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   13. Stockholders Equity   
 The Company is authorized to issue 175,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share. Each share of Class A common stock entitles
its holder to one vote on all matters to be voted on by stockholders generally. Holders of Class A common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval. The Company had issued
38,463,448 and 38,351,367 shares of Class A common stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    On January 22,
2016, the board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $1.80 per share of Class A common stock to stockholders of record on February 8, 2016. The aggregate dividend payment was paid on February 19, 2016 and totaled
approximately $68.4 million based on the number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding. Holders of unvested, and vested but not issued, restricted stock units were granted, in the aggregate, 82,536 additional restricted stock units
as of the record date of February 8, 2016. These units follow the same vesting terms as the underlying restricted stock units.     14. Earnings Per
Share     The Company s net income and weighted average shares outstanding for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 consist of the following (dollars in thousands):      
   The calculations of basic and diluted net income per share amounts for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 are described and presented below.      Basic Net Income per Share    
  Numerator    net income for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Denominator    the weighted average shares of Class A common stock for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
including 189,385 and 165,732 restricted stock units that have vested and whose issuance is no longer contingent as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
   Diluted Net Income per Share       Numerator
   net income for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as in the basic net income per share calculation described above.  
  Denominator    the weighted average shares of Class A common stock for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, including 189,385 and 165,732 restricted stock units that have vested and whose issuance is no longer contingent as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, plus the dilutive effect of the unvested restricted stock
units and stock options.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

15. Related Party Transactions   
 As a result of the Company s initial public offering, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement with HFF Holdings that provides for the payment
by the Company to HFF Holdings of 85% of the amount of the cash savings in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes as a result of the increase in tax basis of the assets owned by HFF LP and HFF Securities and as a
result of certain other tax benefits arising from entering into the tax receivable agreement and making payments under that agreement. As members of HFF Holdings, each of Mark Gibson, the Company s chief executive officer, Jody Thornton, the
Company s president and member of the Company s board of directors and a transaction professional of the Operating Partnerships, John Fowler, a current director emeritus of the Company s board of directors and a transaction
professional of the Operating Partnerships, and Matthew D. Lawton, Gerard T. Sansosti, Michael J. Tepedino and Manuel A. de Zarraga, each an Executive Managing Director and a transaction professional of the Operating Partnerships, is entitled to
participate in such payments, in each case on a pro rata basis based upon such person s ownership of interests in each series of tax receivable payments created by the initial public offering or subsequent exchange of Operating Partnership
units. During the third quarter of 2016, Messrs. Gibson, Thornton, Fowler, Lawton, Sansosti, Tepedino and de Zarraga received payments of $0.8 million, $0.8 million, $0.7 million, $0.2 million, $0.4 million, $0.2 million and $0.2 million,
respectively, in connection with the Company s payment of $10.8 million to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement. During the third quarter of 2015, Messrs. Gibson, Thornton, Fowler, Lawton, Sansosti, Tepedino and de Zarraga received
payments of $0.9 million, $0.8 million, $0.7 million, $0.2 million, $0.4 million, $0.2 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in connection with the Company s payment of $10.8 million to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement. The
Company retains the remaining 15% of cash savings in income tax that it realizes. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax is computed by comparing the Company s actual income tax liability to the amount of such
taxes that it would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the assets of HFF LP and HFF Securities allocable to the Company as a result of the initial sale and later exchanges and had the Company not entered into
the tax receivable agreement. The term of the tax receivable agreement commenced upon consummation of the initial public offering and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or have expired. See Note 12 for further information
regarding the tax receivable agreement and Note 16 for the amount recorded in relation to this agreement.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   16. Commitments and Contingencies   
 The Company is obligated, pursuant to its tax receivable agreement with HFF Holdings, to pay to HFF Holdings 85% of the amount of cash savings in U.S. federal,
state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes as a result of the increases in tax basis under Section 754 and as a result of certain other tax benefits arising from the Company entering into the tax receivable agreement and
making payments under that agreement. The Company has recorded $111.4 million and $121.2 million for this obligation to HFF Holdings as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.    In recent years, the Company has entered into arrangements with newly-hired transaction professionals whereby these transaction
professionals would be paid additional compensation if certain performance targets are met over a defined period. These payments will be made to the transaction professionals only if they enter into an employment agreement at the end of the
performance period. Payments under these arrangements, if earned, would be paid in fiscal years 2016 through 2019. Currently, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the amounts that would be payable under all of these arrangements. The Company
begins to accrue for these payments when it is deemed probable that payments will be made; therefore, on a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the probability of each of the transaction professionals achieving the performance targets and the
probability of each of the transaction professionals signing an employment agreement. There was no accrual required for these arrangements as of September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, $5.8 million was accrued for these arrangements on
the consolidated balance sheet and was paid in the first quarter of 2016.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 The following discussion summarizes the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016, and the results
of our operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, and should be read in conjunction with (i) the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and (ii) the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Overview      Our Business   
 We are, based on transaction volume, one of the largest full-service commercial real estate financial intermediaries in the U.S. providing
commercial real estate and capital markets services to both the consumers and providers of capital to the U.S. commercial real estate industry. We operate out of 23 offices nationwide with approximately 897 associates including approximately 320
transaction professionals as of September 30, 2016. Effective October 27, 2016, the Company elected to identify its Dallas, TX office as the Company s corporate headquarters, and does not expect to incur any expense related to its new
headquarters location.    Substantially all of our revenues are in the form of capital markets services fees collected from our clients,
usually negotiated on a transaction-by-transaction basis. We also earn fees from commercial loan servicing activities. We believe that our multiple product offerings and platform services, diverse client mix, expertise in a wide range of property
types and national platform create a diversified revenue stream within the U.S. commercial real estate sector.    We operate in one
reportable segment, the commercial real estate financial intermediary segment, and offer debt placement, investment sales, equity placements, investment banking and advisory services, loan sales and loan sale advisory services, commercial loan
servicing and capital markets advice.    Our business may be significantly affected by factors outside of our control, particularly
including:      

Economic and commercial real estate market downturns.  Our business is dependent on international and domestic economic conditions and the demand for commercial real estate and related services in the
markets in which we operate. A slow-down, a significant downturn and/or recession in either the global economy and/or the domestic economy, including but not limited to even a regional economic downturn, could adversely affect our business. A
general decline in acquisition and disposition activity, as well as a general decline in commercial real estate investment activity, can lead to a reduction in fees and commissions for arranging such transactions, as well as in fees and commissions
for arranging financing for acquirers and property owners that are seeking to recapitalize their existing properties. Such a general decline can also lead to a significant reduction in our loan servicing activities, due to increased delinquencies
and defaults and lack of additional loans that we would have otherwise added to our loan servicing portfolio.        

Global and domestic credit and liquidity issues.  Global and domestic credit and liquidity issues have in the recent past led to an economic downturn, including a commercial real estate market downturn.
This downturn in turn led to a decrease in transaction activity and lower values. Restrictions on the availability of capital, both debt and/or equity, created significant reductions, and could in the future cause, further reductions of the
liquidity in and the flow of capital to the commercial real estate markets. These restrictions also caused, and could in the future cause, commercial real estate prices to decrease due to the reduced amount of equity capital and debt financing
available which can lead to a reduction in our revenues.        

Decreased investment allocation to commercial real estate class.  Allocations to commercial real estate as an asset class for investment portfolio diversification may decrease for a number of reasons beyond
our control, including but not limited to poor performance of the asset class relative to other asset classes or the superior performance of other asset classes when compared with the performance of the commercial real estate asset class. In
addition, while commercial real estate is now viewed as an accepted and valid class for portfolio diversification, if this perception changes, there could be a significant reduction in the amount of debt and equity capital available in the
commercial real estate sector which could therefore, result in decreased transactional volume.        

Fluctuations in interest rates.  Significant fluctuations in interest rates as well as steady and
protracted movements of interest rates in one direction (increases or decreases) could adversely affect the operation and income of commercial real estate properties as well as the demand from investors for commercial real estate investments. Both
of these events could adversely affect investor     
      22  

Table of Contents  

demand and the supply of capital for debt and equity investments in commercial real estate. In particular, increased interest rates may cause prices to decrease due to the increased costs of
obtaining financing and could lead to decreases in purchase and sale activities, thereby reducing the amounts of investment sales and loan originations and related servicing fees. If our debt placement and investment sales origination and servicing
businesses are negatively impacted, it is likely that our other lines of business would also suffer due to the relationship among our various capital markets services.     
 The factors discussed above have adversely affected and continue to be a risk to our business, as evidenced by the effects of the significant
disruptions in the global capital and credit markets, and in particular the domestic capital markets. While conditions in the most recent years have generally improved, the global and domestic credit and liquidity issues, coupled with the global and
domestic economic recession/slow down as well as other global and domestic macro events beyond our control, could reduce in the future the number of acquisitions, dispositions and loan originations, as well as the respective number of transactions
and transaction volumes. This has had, and may have in the future, a significant adverse effect on our capital markets services revenues (including but not limited to our servicing revenues). The significant balance sheet issues of many of the CMBS
lenders, banks, life insurance companies, mortgage REITS and debt funds, captive finance companies and other financial institutions have adversely affected, and could again in the future adversely affect, the global and domestic economies and the
flow of commercial mortgage debt to the U.S. capital markets, and, in turn, could potentially adversely affect all of our capital markets services platforms and resulting revenues.  
 Other factors that may adversely affect our business are discussed under the caption  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 Following is a discussion of our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The
table included in the period comparisons below provides summaries of our results of operations. The period-to-period comparisons of financial results are not necessarily indicative of future results. For a description of the key financial measures
and indicators included in our consolidated financial statements, refer to the discussion under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Key Financial Measures and Indicators  in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

(1) 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income before (i) interest expense, (ii) income tax expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) stock-based compensation expense, which is a non-cash
charge, (v) income recognized on the initial recording of mortgage servicing rights that are acquired with no initial consideration and the inherent value of servicing rights, which are non-cash income amounts, and (vi) the increase
(decrease) in payable under the tax receivable agreement, which represents changes in a liability recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet determined by the ongoing remeasurement of related deferred tax assets and, therefore, can be
income or expense in the Company s consolidated statement of income in any individual period. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA in its business operations to, among other things, evaluate the performance of its business, develop budgets and
measure its performance against those budgets. The Company also believes that analysts and investors use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure to evaluate its overall operating performance. However, Adjusted EBITDA has material limitations as an
analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results as reported under GAAP. The Company finds Adjusted EBITDA as a useful tool to assist in evaluating performance because it
eliminates items related to capital structure and taxes, including the Company s tax receivable agreement. Note that the Company classifies the interest expense on its warehouse lines of credit as an operating expense and, accordingly, it is
not eliminated from net income in determining Adjusted EBITDA. Some of the items that the Company has eliminated from net income in determining Adjusted EBITDA are significant to the Company s business. For example, (i) interest expense is
a necessary element of the Company s costs and ability to generate revenue because it incurs interest expense related to any outstanding indebtedness, (ii) payment of income taxes is a necessary element of the Company s costs, and
(iii) depreciation and amortization are necessary elements of the Company s costs.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Any measure that eliminates components of the Company s capital structure and costs associated with the
Company s operations has material limitations as a performance measure. In light of the foregoing limitations, the Company does not rely solely on Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure and also considers its GAAP results. Adjusted EBITDA is
not a measurement of the Company s financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income or any other measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not calculated
in the same manner by all companies, it may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.    Set forth below is a
reconciliation of consolidated net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
  Adjusted EBITDA for the Company is calculated as follows:   
  (dollars in thousands)       

(a) 
 Amounts do not reflect expense associated with the stock component of estimated incentive payouts under the Company s Plans that are anticipated to be paid in respect of the applicable year. Such expense is
recorded as incentive compensation expense within personnel expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of income during the year to which the expense relates. Following the award, if any, of the related incentive payout, the stock
component expense is reclassified as stock compensation costs within personnel expenses. See Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s accounting policies relating to the
Plans. See Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s accounting policies relating to its stock compensation.    
  Revenues.  Our total revenues were $126.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $113.7 million for the
same period in 2015, an increase of $12.9 million, or 11.3%. Revenues increased primarily due to a 14.0% increase in total production volume as compared to the third quarter of 2015.  

The revenues derived from interest on mortgage notes receivable were $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.2 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of approximately $0.1
million. Revenues decreased primarily as a result of a lower number of average days outstanding for warehouse line loans in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 in connection with our services as a Freddie Mac Multifamily
Approved Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Seniors Housing Loans.        

The other revenues we earned, which include expense reimbursements from clients related to out-of-pocket costs incurred and vary on a transaction-by-transaction basis, were approximately $1.1 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.6 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $0.5 million.    
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Total Operating Expenses.  Our total operating expenses were $102.3 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $89.8 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $12.5 million, or approximately 13.9%. Expenses increased primarily due to increased cost of services primarily from an increase in capital
markets services revenue. Additionally, personnel, occupancy, travel and entertainment, supplies, research and printing and other operating costs increased most of which is due to the increase in headcount.  

The cost of services for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $7.8 million, or 12.3%, to $71.3 million from $63.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily the result of the
increase in commissions and other incentive compensation directly related to the increase in capital markets services revenues and higher salary and fringe benefit costs from increased headcount. Partially offsetting these increases is a decrease in
compensation expense directly tied to performance-based incentives earned in connection with employment agreements for recruited transaction professionals. Cost of services as a percentage of capital markets services revenues was approximately 58.3%
and 57.9% for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.        

Personnel expenses that are not directly attributable to providing services to our clients increased approximately $1.0 million, or 9.4%, to $11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.7
million for the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily related to an increase in salaries and equity compensation costs (excluding profit participation equity costs) of $1.2 million. This increase is partially offset by decreased profit
participation costs of $0.3 million during the third quarter 2016 as compared to the third quarter 2015. Personnel expenses are also impacted quarterly by the adjustments made to accrue for the estimated expense associated with the Plans. The Plans
allow for payments in the form of both cash and share-based awards based on the decision of the Company s board of directors. The stock compensation cost included in personnel expenses was $2.9 million and $1.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in stock compensation costs is primarily due to increased profit participation equity costs and restricted stock awards granted in February 2016 of $0.2 million, of which there was
no such cost in the third quarter of 2015. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $31.0 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based awards. The weighted average remaining contractual term of the unvested restricted
stock units is 2.8 years as of September 30, 2016. The weighted average remaining contractual term of the vested options is 2.7 years as of September 30, 2016.    

Occupancy, travel and entertainment and supplies, research and printing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.4 million, or 17.5%, to $9.5 million compared to the same period in 2015.
These increases are primarily due to increased travel and entertainment costs stemming from the increase in headcount and production transactions and increased occupancy costs from office expansions.    

Other expenses, including costs for insurance, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, interest on our warehouse line of credit and other operating expenses, were $9.7 million in the three months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.2 million, or 29.9%, versus $7.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily related to higher interest on the warehouse line of credit, depreciation and
amortization and other operating costs.       Net Income.  Our net income for the three months ended September 30,
2016 was $20.0 million, an increase of approximately $0.8 million versus $19.3 million for the same fiscal period in 2015. This increase is primarily due to the increase in operating income and interest and other income, net.  

Interest and other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.1 million, an increase of $1.1 million as compared to $8.0 million for the same fiscal period in 2015 primarily due to higher
income from the valuation of mortgage servicing rights of $1.4 million and higher income earned in connection with our agency business. These increases were partially offset by lower gains on sale of servicing right on certain loans of $1.5 million
and lower securitization compensation from the securitization of certain loans of $0.3 million.        

(Increase) decrease in payable under the tax receivable agreement reflects the change in the estimated tax benefits owed to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement. The $1.0 million increase in payable under the
tax receivable agreement for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 represents 85% of the increase in the related deferred tax asset. The $1.1 million decrease in payable under the tax receivable agreement for the three month period
ended September 30, 2015 represents 85% of the decrease in the related deferred tax asset.    
      26  

Table of Contents  

Income tax expense was approximately $12.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $13.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to
the lower income before income taxes during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a current income tax expense of
$8.0 million and deferred income tax expense of $4.3 million.      Following is a discussion of our results of operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The table included in the period comparisons below provides summaries of our results of operations. The period-to-period comparisons of financial results are not necessarily
indicative of future results. For a description of the key financial measures and indicators included in our consolidated financial statements, refer to the discussion under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations   Key Financial Measures and Indicators  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of consolidated net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:    
  Adjusted EBITDA for the Company is calculated as follows:   
  (dollars in thousands)       

(a) 
 Amounts do not reflect expense associated with the stock component of estimated incentive payouts under the Company s Plans that are anticipated to be paid in respect of the applicable year. Such expense is
recorded as incentive compensation expense within personnel expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of income during the year to which the expense relates. Following the award, if any, of the related incentive payout, the stock
component expense is reclassified as stock compensation costs within personnel expenses. See Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s accounting policies relating to the
Plans. See Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s accounting policies relating to its stock compensation.    
  Revenues.  Our total revenues were $361.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $332.9 million for the
same period in 2015, an increase of $28.8 million, or 8.6%. Revenues increased primarily due to a 10.2% increase in total production volumes as compared to the first nine months of 2015.  

The revenues derived from interest on mortgage notes receivable were $9.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.0 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of approximately $0.2
million. Revenues increased primarily as a result of a higher number of average days outstanding for warehouse line loans in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 in connection with our services as a Freddie Mac
Multifamily Approved Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Seniors Housing Loans.        

The other revenues we earned, which include expense reimbursements from clients related to out-of-pocket costs incurred and vary on a transaction-by-transaction basis, were approximately $2.6 million for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016 and $1.8 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately 43.9%.    
  Total Operating Expenses.  Our total operating expenses were $303.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $272.1 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $31.0 million, or 11.4%. Expenses increased primarily due to increased cost of services and other costs resulting primarily from an increase in capital markets services revenue and
increased headcount.      

The cost of services for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $17.1 million, or 9.0%, to $206.3 million from $189.3 million for the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily the result of the
increase in commissions and other incentive compensation directly related to the increase in capital markets services revenues. Also contributing to the increase in cost of services are higher salary and fringe benefit costs from increased
headcount. Cost of services as a percentage of capital markets services revenues was approximately 59.0% and 58.8% for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.    
      28  

Table of Contents  

Personnel expenses that are not directly attributable to providing services to our clients increased $4.0 million, or 11.1%, to $39.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $35.8 million for the
same period in 2015. The increase is primarily related to an increase in salaries and incentive compensation costs of $2.2 million and an increase equity compensation (excluding equity compensation relating to the profit participation plans) of $1.7
million partially offset by a decrease in profit participation costs of $0.6 million. Personnel expenses are also impacted quarterly by the adjustments made to accrue for the estimated expense associated with the Plans. The Plans allow for payments
in the form of both cash and share-based awards based on the decision of the Company s board of directors. The stock compensation cost included in personnel expenses was $8.9 million and $6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $31.0 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based awards. The weighted average remaining contractual term of the unvested restricted stock units is
2.8 years as of September 30, 2016. The weighted average remaining contractual term of the vested options is 2.7 years as of September 30, 2016.        

Occupancy, travel and entertainment and supplies, research and printing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $4.0 million, or 16.3%, to $28.6 million compared to the same period in 2015.
These increases are primarily due to the increase in headcount and production volumes.        

Other expenses, including costs for insurance, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, interest on our warehouse line of credit and other operating expenses, were $28.5 million in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $6.0 million, or approximately 26.5%, versus $22.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily related to increased interest on warehouse line of credit of $1.0
million, increased amortization of $1.4 million due to a higher balance of mortgage servicing rights, increased depreciation of $0.6 million, and increased other operating costs of $3.1 million.    
  Net Income.  Our net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $49.7 million, a decrease of $0.1 million versus $49.8
million for the same fiscal period in 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the increase in operating costs as described above and offset by higher interest and other income, net as discussed below.  

Interest and other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $24.1 million, an increase of approximately $1.1 million as compared to $23.0 million for the same fiscal period in 2015 primarily due
to higher income on the initial recording of mortgage servicing rights of $2.1 million which was offset by lower gains on sale of servicing rights on certain loans of $1.2 million.    

(Increase) decrease in payable under the tax receivable agreement reflects the change in the estimated tax benefits owed to HFF Holdings under the tax receivable agreement. The $1.0 million increase in payable under the
tax receivable agreement for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 represents 85% of the increase in the related deferred tax asset. The $2.1 million decrease in payable under the tax receivable agreement for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2015 represents 85% of the decrease in the related deferred tax asset.        

Income tax expense was approximately $31.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $36.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the
lower income before income taxes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of the prior year. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded current income tax expense of $17.8
million and deferred income tax expense of $14.1 million.       Financial Condition   
 Total assets increased to $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016 from $742.5 million at December 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase
in mortgage notes receivable of $507.9 million due to a higher number of loans pending sale to Freddie Mac at September 30, 2016, compared to December 31, 2015, an increase in property and equipment, net of $1.9 million, an increase in
intangible assets, net of $5.0 million and an increase in other noncurrent assets of $3.3 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $42.1 million primarily due to a dividend payment of $68.4 million
and a decrease in the deferred tax assets of $14.9 million.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  Total liabilities increased to $1.0 billion at September 30, 2016 from $528.0 million at
December 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in amounts outstanding under the warehouse lines of credit of $505.9 million due to a higher number of loans pending sale to Freddie Mac at September 30, 2016, compared to December 31,
2015. This was partially offset by a decrease in accrued compensation and related taxes of $14.0 million primarily due to the payment of incentive compensation that was accrued as of December 31, 2015, a decrease in other current liabilities of
$10.3 million primarily from the payment of federal, state and local income taxes and a decrease in payable under the tax receivable agreement of $10.3 million.  
  Cash Flows     Our historical cash flows are
primarily related to the timing of receipt of transaction fees, the timing of payments under the tax receivable agreement and payment of commissions and bonuses to employees.  
   First Nine Months of 2016    
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased $42.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash of $34.3 million was provided by
operating activities, primarily resulting from $49.7 million of net income which was partially offset by uses of cash from a $10.8 million payment under the tax receivable agreement, $9.6 million decrease in accrued compensation and related taxes, a
$10.1 million decrease in other accrued liabilities, a $1.9 million increase in prepaid taxes, prepaid expenses and other current assets and a $3.3 million increase in other noncurrent assets. Cash of $4.0 million was used for investing in property
and equipment. Financing activities used $72.3 million primarily due to a $68.4 million dividend payment that we made to holders of our Class A common stock on February 19, 2016. Additionally, payments on certain capital leases used $0.4
million, $3.0 million was used to purchase shares of Class A common stock in connection with the minimum employee statutory tax withholdings and we recognized a $0.6 million incremental tax adjustment related to share-based award activities.
     First Nine Months of 2015    
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased $53.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash of $20.2 million was provided by
operating activities, primarily resulting from $49.8 million of net income which was partially offset by uses of cash from a $10.8 million payment under the tax receivable agreement, $1.2 million decrease in accrued compensation and related taxes, a
$24.4 million decrease in other accrued liabilities, a $2.4 million increase in prepaid taxes, prepaid expenses and other current assets and a $2.3 million increase in accounts receivable. Cash of $3.6 million was used for investing in property and
equipment. Financing activities used $70.1 million primarily due to a $67.8 million dividend payment that we made to holders of our Class A common stock on February 13, 2015. Additionally, payments on certain capital leases used $0.3
million, $2.4 million was used to purchase shares of Class A common stock in connection with the minimum employee statutory tax withholdings and we recognized a $0.3 million incremental tax adjustment related to share-based award activities.
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our current assets typically have consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable in relation to earned transaction
fees. At September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents of approximately $191.8 million were invested or held in a mix of money market funds and bank demand deposit accounts at two financial institutions. Our liabilities have typically
consisted of accounts payable and accrued compensation. We regularly monitor our liquidity position, including cash level, credit lines, interest and payments on debt, capital expenditures and other matters relating to liquidity and compliance with
regulatory net capital requirements.    Over the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, we generated approximately $34.3 million
of cash from operations. Our short-term liquidity needs are typically related to compensation expenses and other operating expenses such as occupancy, supplies, marketing, professional fees and travel and entertainment. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $303.1 million in total operating expenses. A large portion of our operating expenses are variable, highly correlated to our revenue streams and dependent on the collection of transaction fees.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 61.1% of our operating expenses were considered variable expenses. Our cash flow generated from operations historically has been sufficient to enable us to meet our objectives.
However, if the economy deteriorates in the future, we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to meet our operating needs and therefore we could use all or substantially all of our existing cash reserves on hand to support our
operations. We currently believe that cash flows from operating activities and our existing cash balance will provide adequate liquidity and are sufficient to meet our working capital needs for the foreseeable future.  
 Our tax receivable agreement with HFF Holdings, entered into in connection with our initial public offering, provides for the payment by us to
HFF Holdings of 85% of the amount of cash savings in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that we actually realize as a result of the increases in tax basis and as a result of certain other tax benefits arising from our entering into the tax
receivable agreement and making payments under that agreement. We have estimated that future payments that will be made to HFF Holdings will be $111.4 million, of which approximately $11.3 million is anticipated to be paid in 2017.  
 Our liquidity needs related to our long-term obligations are primarily related to our facility leases. Additionally, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $10.4 million in occupancy expenses and approximately $33,000 in interest expense.    We
are a party to an uncommitted $450 million financing arrangement with PNC and an uncommitted $125 million financing arrangement with Huntington to fund our Freddie Mac loan closings. The PNC arrangement can be increased to $550 million four times a
year for a period of 45 calendar days. We utilized a portion of this increase in September 2016. The Huntington arrangement can be increased to $150 million three times in a one-year period for 30 business days. Pursuant to these arrangements, PNC
or Huntington funds the multifamily Freddie Mac loan closings on a transaction-by-transaction basis, with each loan being separately collateralized by a loan and mortgage on a multifamily property that is ultimately purchased by Freddie Mac. The PNC
and Huntington financing arrangements are only for the purpose of supporting our participation in Freddie Mac s Multifamily Approved Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Senior Housing Loans program and cannot be used for any other purpose. On
September 30, 2016, HFF LP entered into an extended funding agreement with Freddie Mac whereby Freddie Mac can extend the required purchase date for each mortgage that has an Original Mandatory Funding Date (as defined in the agreement)
occurring within the fourth quarter of 2016, to February 15, 2017. In connection with the extended funding agreement with Freddie Mac, PNC agreed to increase the financing arrangement to $2.0 billion. Once the extended funding agreement with
Freddie Mac expires on February 15, 2017, the capacity under the PNC warehouse agreement will revert to $450 million for PNC. As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of $824.5 million under the PNC/Huntington
arrangements. Non-cash activity totaling $505.9 million increased these financing arrangements during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and non-cash activity of $99.4 decreased these financing arrangement during the nine month
period ended September 30, 2015. Although we believe that our current financing arrangements with PNC and Huntington are sufficient to meet our current needs in connection with our participation in Freddie Mac s Multifamily Approved
Seller/Servicer for Conventional and Senior Housing Loans program, in the event we are not able to secure financing for our Freddie Mac loan closings, we will cease originating such Freddie Mac loans until we have available financing.  
  Critical Accounting Policies; Use of Estimates   
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In applying many of these accounting
principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience
and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective and our actual results may change negatively based on changing circumstances or changes in our
analyses. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could
potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. See the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Intangible Assets.  Our intangible assets primarily include mortgage servicing rights under
agreements with third party lenders. Servicing rights are recorded at the lower of cost or market. Mortgage servicing rights do not trade in an active, open market with readily available observable prices. Since there is no ready market value for
the mortgage servicing rights, such as quoted market prices or prices based on sales or purchases of similar assets, we determine the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights by estimating the present value of future cash flows associated with
servicing the loans. Management makes certain assumptions and judgments in estimating the fair value of servicing rights. The estimate is based on a number of assumptions, including the benefits of servicing (contractual servicing fees and interest
on escrow and float balances), the cost of servicing, prepayment rates (including risk of default), an inflation rate, the expected life of the cash flows and the discount rate. Management estimates a market participant s cost of servicing by
analyzing the limited market activity and considering our own internal servicing costs. Management estimates the discount rate by considering the various risks involved in the future cash flows of the underlying loans which include the cancellation
of servicing contracts, concentration in the life company portfolio and the incremental risk related to large loans. Management estimates the prepayment levels of the underlying mortgages by analyzing recent historical experience. Many of the
commercial loans being serviced have financial penalties for prepayment or early payoff before the stated maturity date. As a result, we have consistently experienced a low level of loan runoff. The estimated value of the servicing rights is
impacted by changes in these assumptions. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value and net book value of the servicing rights were $43.9 million and $32.0 million, respectively. The most sensitive assumptions in estimating the fair value of the
mortgage servicing rights are the level of prepayments, discount rate and cost of servicing. If the assumed level of prepayments increased 216%, the discount rate increased 112% or if there is a 29% increase in the cost of servicing at the stratum
level, the estimated fair value of the servicing rights may result in the recorded mortgage servicing rights being potentially impaired and would require management to measure the amount of the potential impairment charge. The effect of a variation
in each of these assumptions on the estimated fair value of the servicing rights is calculated independently without changing any other assumption. Servicing rights are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated servicing income
which results in an accelerated level of amortization. We evaluate amortizable intangible assets on an annual basis, or more frequently if circumstances so indicate, for potential impairment.  
  Income Taxes.  The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax losses and for tax credit carryforwards, if any.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period of the tax rate change. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.    Our effective tax rate is sensitive to several factors including changes in the mix of our geographic profitability. We
evaluate our estimated tax rate on a quarterly basis to reflect changes in: (i) our geographic mix of income, (ii) legislative actions on statutory tax rates, and (iii) tax planning for jurisdictions affected by double taxation. We
continually seek to develop and implement potential strategies and/or actions that would reduce our overall effective tax rate.    The net
deferred tax asset of $115.0 million at September 30, 2016 is comprised mainly of a $120.8 million deferred tax asset related to the Section 754 election tax basis step up. The net deferred tax asset related to the Section 754
election tax basis step up of $120.8 million represents annual pre-tax deductions on the Section 754 basis step up and payments under the tax receivable agreement of approximately $34.6 million in 2016, then increasing to $52.6 million in 2021
and then decreasing over the next nine years to approximately $0.1 million in 2030. In order to realize the anticipated pre-tax benefit of approximately $34.6 million in 2016, the Company needs to generate approximately $305 million in revenue,
assuming a constant cost structure. In the event that the Company cannot realize the annual pre-tax benefit each year, the shortfall becomes a net operating loss that can be carried back 2 years to offset prior years  taxable income, if any, or
carried forward 20 years to offset future taxable income. If it is more likely than not that the Company would not be able to generate a sufficient level of taxable income through the carryforward period, a valuation allowance would be recorded as a
charge to income tax expense and a proportional reduction would be made in the payable under the tax receivable agreement which would be recorded as income in the consolidated statements of income. The trend in revenue growth over the next few years
and through the amortization and carryforward periods is a key factor in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Leases . The Company leases all of its facilities under operating lease agreements. These
lease agreements typically contain tenant improvement allowances. The Company records tenant improvement allowances as leasehold improvement assets, included in property and equipment, net in the consolidated balance sheet, and related deferred rent
liabilities and amortizes them on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the term of the lease or useful life of the asset as additional depreciation expense and a reduction to rent expense, respectively. Lease agreements sometimes contain rent
escalation clauses or rent holidays, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease in accordance with ASC 840,  Leases  (ASC 840). Lease terms generally range from three to eleven years. An analysis is performed on
each equipment lease to determine whether it should be classified as a capital or operating lease according to ASC 840.     Employment /
Non-compete Agreements.  The Company has entered into arrangements with newly-hired transaction professionals whereby these transaction professionals would be paid additional compensation if certain performance targets are met over a defined
period. Some of these agreements contain provisions that the payments will be made to the transaction professionals only if they enter into an employment agreement at the end of the performance period. Payments under these arrangements, if earned,
would be paid in fiscal years 2016 through 2019. We begin to accrue for these payments when it is deemed probable that payments will be made; therefore, on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the probability of each of the transaction professionals
achieving the performance targets and the probability of each of the transaction professionals signing an employment agreement, if applicable. As of September 30, 2016, no accrual has been accrued for these arrangements.  
  Firm and Office Profit Participation Plans and Executive Bonus Plan.  The Company s firm and office profit participation plans and
executive bonus plan provide for payments in cash and share-based awards if certain performance targets are achieved during the year. The expense recorded for these plans is estimated during the year based on actual results at each interim reporting
date and an estimate of future results for the remainder of the year. The plans allow for payments to be made in both cash and share-based awards, the composition of which is determined in the first calendar quarter of the subsequent year. Cash and
share-based awards issued under these plans are subject to vesting conditions over the subsequent year, such that the total expense measured for these plans is recorded over the period from the beginning of the performance year through the vesting
date. Based on an accounting policy election, the expense associated with the share-based component of the estimated incentive payout is recognized before the grant date of the stock due to the fact that the terms of the profit participation plans
have been approved by the Company s board of directors, the employees of the Company understand the requirements to earn the award, the number of shares is not determined before the grant date and, finally, if the performance metrics are not
met during the performance year, the award is not earned and therefore forfeited. Prior to the grant date, the share-based component expense is recorded as incentive compensation within personnel expenses in the Company s consolidated
statements of income. Following the award, if any, of the related incentive payout, the stock component expense is reclassified as stock compensation costs within personnel expenses. See Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements
for further information regarding the Company s accounting policies relating to its firm and office profit participation bonus plans and executive bonus plan.  
  Certain Information Concerning Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not currently invest in any off-balance sheet vehicles that provide liquidity, capital resources, market or credit risk support, or
engage in any leasing activities that expose us to any liability that is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.     Seasonality   
 Our capital markets services revenue has historically been seasonal, which can affect an investor s ability to compare our financial
condition and results of operation on a quarter-by-quarter basis. This seasonality has caused our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flows from operating activities to be lower in the first half of the year and higher in the second half
of the year. The typical concentration of earnings and cash flows in the last half of the year has historically been due to an industry-wide focus of clients to complete transactions towards the end of the calendar year. However, given the recent
disruptions, write-offs and credit losses in the global and domestic capital markets, the liquidity issues facing all global capital markets, and in particular the U.S. commercial real estate markets, this historical pattern of seasonality may or
may not continue.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Effect of Inflation and/or Deflation   
 Inflation and/or deflation, or both, could significantly affect our compensation costs, particularly those not directly tied to our transaction
professionals  compensation, due to factors such as availability of capital and/or increased costs of capital. The rise of inflation could also significantly and adversely affect certain expenses, such as debt service costs, information
technology and occupancy costs. To the extent that inflation and/or deflation results in rising interest rates and has other effects upon the commercial real estate markets in which we operate and, to a lesser extent, the securities markets, it may
affect our financial position and results of operations by reducing the demand for commercial real estate and related services which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors 
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Pending Accounting Pronouncements   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued changes to the accounting for equity compensation. This update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal
year 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016,
the FASB issued new guidance on the accounting for leases. This new guidance will require that a lessee recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with a lease term of more than twelve months, with the result being the
recognition of a right of use asset and a lease liability. The new lease accounting requirements are effective for the Company s 2019 fiscal year with a modified retrospective transition approach required, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.    In May 2014,
the FASB issued changes to revenue recognition with customers. This update provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. An entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018. This update may
be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this update recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the
new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       Due to the nature of our
business and the manner in which we conduct our operations, in particular the fact that our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of short-term cash deposits and investments, we believe we do not
face any material interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, equity price risk or other market risk.      

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures         Management s Quarterly Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures      The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure.  
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively) have
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that material
information required to be included in our periodic SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms.  
 The design of any system of control is based upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all future events, no matter how remote, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may not deteriorate. Because of its inherent limitations, disclosure
controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Changes in Internal Controls    
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three month period covered by this report that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings.       We are party to various litigation matters, in most cases involving
normal ordinary course and routine claims incidental to our business. We cannot estimate with certainty our ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to such pending matters. In accordance with ASC 450,  Contingencies , a reserve for
estimated losses is recorded when the amount is probable and can be reasonably estimated. However, we believe, based on our examination of such pending matters, that our ultimate liability for such matters will not have a material adverse effect on
our business or financial condition.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.       In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should
carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future
results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and/or operating results.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       None.  

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       None.  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures.       None.  

Item 5.  
  Other Information.       None.  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits.       A. Exhibits      
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.      

HFF, INC.  

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Mark D. Gibson  

Mark D. Gibson    Chief Executive
Officer,     Director and Executive Managing Director  
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory R. Conley  

Gregory R. Conley    Chief Financial Officer
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
 
      38  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d271456dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Mark D.
Gibson, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of HFF, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Mark D. Gibson  

Mark D. Gibson    Chief Executive
Officer,     Director and Executive Managing Director   
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d271456dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Gregory
R. Conley, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of HFF, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory R. Conley  

Gregory R. Conley    Chief Financial Officer
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d271456dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In
connection with the Quarterly Report of HFF, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark D.
Gibson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Gregory R. Conley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.      

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Mark D. Gibson  

Mark D. Gibson    Chief Executive Officer,
Director and      Executive Managing Director   
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

Dated: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory R. Conley  

Gregory R. Conley    Chief Financial Officer
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

