<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K-A_edgar_data_1518720_0001511164-16-001222_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>643384</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174296</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>348113</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001511164-16-001222.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223134625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001511164-16-001222
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Force Protection Video Equipment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518720
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				451443512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55519
		FILM NUMBER:		162068685

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 IOWA LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-746-0245

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 IOWA LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enhance-Your-Reputation.com, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	M Street Gallery Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001511164-16-001222.txt : 20161223

10-K/A
 1
 fpvd10k2016amendment2.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-K/A2  
   
 x     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   
  For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016  
   
 o     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   
  For the transition period from ___________  to   ___________ 
   
  Commission file number 000-55519  
   
   Force Protection Video Equipment Corp.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(919) 780-7897    
   
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
   
   Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value   
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  o  No  x  
   
 Indicate by check mark  if  the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act .  
 Yes  o  No  x  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes  x  No  o  

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  o  No  x  
   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant   s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  T  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of    large accelerated filer,       accelerated filer    and    smaller reporting company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
     
        Accelerated filer 
   o 

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     
        Smaller reporting company 
   x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes o No  x  
   
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on October 31, 2015, as reported on the Over the Counter Markets Group Inc. QB tier (the  OTCQB ) was $12,957,541. 
   
 As of June 20, 2016 there were 58,557,482 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
   
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
   
 None. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
  FORCE PROTECTION VIDEO EQUIPMENT CORP.  
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2016 
   
  PART I  
   PAGE   
   
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
   
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
   
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
   
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
   
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 19 
   
  PART II  
   
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder  
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
   
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  
 and Results of Operations 
 21 
   
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements  
 27 
   
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and 
 Financial Disclosure 
 46 
   
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
   
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
   
  PART III  
   
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 47 
   
 Item 11.  
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
   
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 and Related Stockholder Matters 
 51 
   
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
   
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 
   
  PART IV  
   
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
   
 SIGNATURES 
 54 
   
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 55 

3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
   
 Statements in this Report may be  forward-looking statements,  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which can be identified by the use of terminology such as  estimates,   projects,   plans,   believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,  or the negative or other variations, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. However, as the Company intends to issue  penny stock,  as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, the Company is ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future activities or other future events or conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in this Report, including the risks described under  Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion and Analysis  and  Our Business.  
   
 There are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors, include, without limitation, the following: our ability to develop our technology platform and our products; our ability to protect our intellectual property; the risk that we will not be able to develop our technology platform and products in the current projected timeframe; the risk that our products will not achieve performance standards in clinical trials; the risk that the clinical trial process will take longer than projected; the risk that our products will not receive regulatory approval; the risk that the regulatory review process will take longer than projected; the risk that we will not be unsuccessful in implementing our strategic, operating and personnel initiatives; the risk that we will not be able to commercialize our products; any of which could impact sales, costs and expenses and/or planned strategies. Additional information regarding factors that could cause results to differ can be found in this Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
 The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to announce publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect future events or developments, except as required by the Exchange Act.  Unless otherwise provided in this Report, references to the  Company,   the  Registrant,  the  Issuer,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. 

4 

PART I  

ITEM 1:  
    BUSINESS  

Overview  
   
  The Company is in the business of selling video and audio capture devices initially targeted to law enforcement agencies. With over 30 years of marketing to law enforcement, the Company s CEO, Paul Feldman is able to leverage his extensive knowledge and base of contacts to increase sales. The Company has established a web site at www.forceprovideo.com whereby customers can view the Company s products and place orders. We believe that given recent current events between law enforcement agencies and the public, which has been widely reported by the media, there is a significant market opportunity for the Company s products.  In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company received multiple orders for the LE10 camera System. The LE10 is a small bodied, high definition (HD) camera which is half the size and half the price of most law enforcement cameras currently available. The LE10 and more recent addition the LE50 are rich with features that make them ideal for on-demand video and audio capture. The LE10 and LE50 do not require special software or expensive storage contracts. The video files can quickly be downloaded into a standard law enforcement case file and the micro SD cards are sealed in the provided static evidence bags and then securely stored in the department's evidence locker. The Company s Video LE10 and LE50 cameras are a rugged design which incorporates Ambarella (NASDAQ  AMBA ) made chips that allow the cameras to record high definition video.  
  Product Development and Sales  
   
 Our on-body mini-camera was developed by Paul Feldman, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director who has significant experience in the development and commercialization of security and surveillance related products. From 2001 through August 2009, Mr. Feldman served as President and a Director of Law Enforcement Associates, Inc., a manufacturer of surveillance products and audio intelligent devices which were sold to the U.S. military and law enforcement. Patent technologies previously developed by Mr. Feldman include U.S. Patent Number 7,631,601 Surveillance Projectile and U.S. Patent Number 2006/0283,345 Surveillance Projectile. 
   
 Our video and audio capture devices are compact, ergonomic, tamperproof and designed to capture HD video and/or audio on demand enabling our customers to capture content while engaged in a wide range of activity. We also sell accessories that enhance the functionality and versatility of our products, including mounts, such as the helmet, handlebar, roll bar and tripod mounts, as well as mounts that enable users to wear the camera on their bodies, such as the wrist housing, chest harness and head strap. Other accessories include spare batteries, charging accessories and memory drives. Our products are marketed primarily to law enforcement due to their unique need to capture important events in the course of their duties. 
   
 Our primary products consist of video and audio recording devices as follows: 
   
   LE10 Law Enforcement Video Recorder  . Retail price, $195. The LE10 on-body camera is designed for use by law enforcement and can be mounted on helmets, tactical vest and riot shields. The LE10 provides high quality video and a sensor that allows the device to shoot in full HD at 30 fps, and 8 MP photos with shutter speed of 8fps in burst mode. In photo mode, the user can take pictures with a delayed timer. The device has three (3) resolutions and slow motion capability allowing its user to create highly quality video while engaged in a variety of physical activity. The LE10 has built-in Wi-Fi, providing connectivity with a smartphone or tablet to enable remote control and content viewing functionality. Video taken by the LE10 is stored on a micro HD SD card which can be transferred to a computer for use as evidence. Downloading the video into evidence requires no special software or expensive cloud storage contracts. The LE10 is equipped with a high definition microphone to capture and record audio. The LE10 can also be used only as a standalone audio recorder to record witness statements or conduct interviews. 

5 

LE50 HD Body Cam   .  Retail price, $495. The LE50 includes many of the LE10 features in an on-body camera designed for use by law enforcement which can be mounted on helmets, tactical vest and riot shields. The LE50 provides up to 10 hours of high quality video with a built in audio announcement feature, 50 hours of standby time, sound and vibration operation indication, 2    TFT-LCD High Resolution Color Display, 32 GB of internal tamper proof storage, supports up to 128GB of memory, 140 degree field of view, white led illumination, waterproof level of IP65, metal clip with 360 degrees rotation, one button tag of important file feature and GPS recording. 
   
   SC1 Sunglass Camera  . Retail price, $199.95. The SC1 Sunglass Camera is made from TR90 high impact resistant and flexible material and features a 150  wide-angle full HD 1080p video camera, with one hour record time, built between the eyes with the controls and battery built into the glasses  ultra slim frame. A full range of polarized and clear lenses are available and easily interchangeable.  
   
   Citadel 3G Solar Security Camera  . Retail price, $5,995. The Citadel 3G/4G Solar Security Camera is the latest advance in remote wireless surveillance technology. The Citadel  Solar Security Camera  is a solar powered CCTV security solution which can be mounted anywhere with a 3G/4G cell network or where WiFi is available. The Citadel  Solar Security Camera   uses no cables or exterior power sources, internet connectivity is not required and it can be set up in minutes with M otion Detection and/or Time Lapse recording. Remote LIVE viewing and access to recordings is possible through our secure portal. The camera also supports USB flash drive recordings that are motion activated at a rate of up to 10 images per second with remote viewing access of the USB stored recordings.   The Citadel Solar Security Camera  is ideal for any  surveillance application, including  construction sites, farms and properties, college campuses, shopping centers, boating marinas, building sites, Councils, National Parks   Wildlife, hospitals, Government Agencies, Power Grids and Water authorities, industrial Sites, wildlife monitoring, Graffiti, Bush dumping and unattended machinery to name a few applications.  
   
 Our manufacturer provides a one (1) year warranty for our products. 
   
 Our customers include more than twenty-nine (29) state and local law enforcement agencies. 
   
  Distribution  
   
 Customers purchase products from our website and by telephone order. All products are shipped from our manufacturer to our facility in North Carolina where we process and ship product to our customers using Federal Express or United Parcel Services. Customers pay all shipping charges. 
   
  Manufacturing  
   
 We purchase our finished products on an as needed basis from our manufacturer Shenzhen AEE Technology Co Ltd ( AEE ), in Shenzen China who provides production, labeling and packaging of our finished product according to our specifications. We agree with AEE as to the particular specifications for manufacturing, labeling and packaging of our products at the time each order is placed. 
   
 All material used to manufacture our products is located, purchased and paid for by AEE who invoices us only for our finished product. 
   
 We order our products on an as needed basis and we are not obligated to purchase any minimum amount of product from AEE. Additionally, AEE is not obligated to manufacture our products in the future. We pay AEE for all products we order at the time the order is placed. Upon placing an order, AEE creates a purchase order reflecting: (i) the product ordered, (ii) price per item (iii) total cost for the order, (iv) total cost to ship product ordered from our manufacturer to our facility, (iv) that immediate payment in required at the time of the order, and (v) the delivery date and delivery address. 

6 

AEE s purchase order also reflects the twelve (12) month warranty of all products manufactured. 
   
  Marketing  
   
 Currently, our sales and marketing efforts include print marketing brochures featuring our products to state and local law enforcement agencies. We create and deliver brochures to state and local law enforcement, every four (4) weeks, using U.S. Mail. 
   
 We believe that a marketing strategy focused on print marketing to law enforcement will provide our target customers with the opportunity to view our specific information about our products and their features, which is an optimal strategy to increase sales. 
   
  Research and Development  
   
 We have not spent any amounts on research and development in the prior two (2) years. All research and development has been completed by Paul Feldman, our Director, President and Chief Executive Officer. 
   
  Product Warranty  
   
 We accept returns of products two (2) weeks after purchase. Additionally, our manufacturer provides a twelve (12) month warranty on all products manufactured and the Company offers an extended warranty for year two. The occurrence of any material defects or product recalls could make us liable for damages and warranty claims. Any negative publicity related to the perceived quality of our products could affect our brand image, decrease retailer, distributor and customer demand, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Warranty claims may result in litigation, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
   
  Competition  
   
 The market for on-body cameras is highly competitive. Further, we expect competition to increase in the future as existing competitors introduce new and more competitive offerings alongside their existing products, and as new market entrants introduce new products into our markets. We compete against established, well-known camera manufacturers such as Go Pro, Canon Inc., Nikon Corporation, Olympus Corporation, Polaroid Holding Corporation and Vivitar Corporation, large, diversified electronics companies such as JVC Kenwood Corporation, Panasonic Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Sony Corporation and Toshiba Corporation, and specialty companies such as Garmin Ltd. Many of our current competitors have substantial market share, diversified product lines, well- established supply and distribution systems, strong worldwide brand recognition and greater financial, marketing, research and development and other resources than we do. 
   
 In addition, many of our existing and potential competitors have substantial competitive advantages, such as: 

longer operating histories; 
   
 the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; 
   
 broader distribution and established relationships with channel partners; 
   
 access to larger established customer bases; 
   
 greater financial resources; 
   
 large intellectual property portfolios; and 
   
 the ability to bundle competitive offerings with other products and services. 

7 

Moreover, smartphones and tablets with photo and video functionality have significantly displaced traditional camera sales. It is possible that, in the future, the manufacturers of these devices, such as Apple Inc. and Samsung, may design them for use in a range of conditions, including challenging physical environments, or develop products similar to ours. In addition to competition or potential competition from large, established companies, new companies may emerge and offer competitive products. Further, we are aware that certain companies have developed cameras designed and labeled to appear similar to our products, which may confuse consumers or distract consumers from purchasing our products. 
   
 Increased competition may result in pricing pressures and reduced profit margins and may impede our ability to continue to increase the sales of our products or cause us to lose market share, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations 
   
  Seasonality  
   
 Our business, as well as the industry in which we operate, is not seasonal. 
   
  Intellectual Property  
   
 We have no registered or patented intellectual property. Trademarks and trade names distinguish the various companies from each other. If customers are unable to distinguish our products from those of other companies, we could lose sales to our competitors. We do not have any registered trademarks and trade names, so we only have common law rights with respect to infractions or infringements on its products. Many subtleties exist in product descriptions, offering and names that can easily confuse customers. The name of our principal products may be found in numerous variations of the name and descriptions in various media and product labels. This presents a risk of losing potential customers looking for our products and buying someone else s because they cannot differentiate between them. 
   
  Employees  
   
 As of the date of this report, we have three full time employees including Paul Feldman who is our Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our other two full time employees are sales persons. Mr. Feldman spends approximately forty (40) hours per week on our business. We have one (1) part time employee who provides clerical and administrative services. 
   
 None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement, nor have we experienced any work stoppages. We maintain good relationships with our employees. 
   
      ITEM 1A.                RISK FACTORS  
   
   In the business sector in which we operate is extremely competitive. We compete with larger companies that are better funded including Taser International, Inc. We are in direct competition with such companies that sell similar equipment to law enforcement agencies.     

8 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition   
   
   We only commenced our present business plan to sell on-body cameras in May of 2015 and as such, there is little historical performance for you to base an investment decision upon, and we may never become profitable.   
   
 In February of 2015, we changed our business from reputation enhancement services to the commercialization of on-body cameras. Our first sale of on-body cameras was in May 2015. For the year ended April 30, 2016, we had revenues of only $67,964 and a net operating loss of $541,102. Accordingly, because we have had only limited sales since implementing our present business plan, there is limited historical performance for you to evaluate our prospects for achieving our business objectives and becoming profitable in light of the risks, difficulties and uncertainties frequently encountered by early stage companies such as us. Accordingly, before investing in our common stock, you should consider the challenges, expenses and difficulties that we will face as an early stage company, and whether we will ever become profitable. 
   
   We are dependent on the sale of our securities to fund our operations.   
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, we received proceeds of $46,000 from the sale of our common and preferred stock and $788,004 from the sale of convertible promissory notes which fund our current operations. We are dependent on the sale of our securities to fund our operations, and will remain so until we generate sufficient revenues to pay for our operating costs. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form of cash advances, loans and/or financial guarantees. 
   
   If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues for our operating expenses we will need financing, which we may be unable to obtain; should we fail to obtain sufficient financing, our revenues will be negatively impacted.   
   
 For the year ended April 30, 2016, we had revenues of $67,964 from the sale of our on-body camera and related accessories. For the year ended April 30, 2016, we have a net loss of $541,102. Because we have limited revenues and lack historical financial data, including revenue data, our future revenues are unpredictable. 
   
 As of April 30, 2016, we had cash on hand of approximately $227,000 for our operational needs. Currently, our operating expenses are approximately $50,000 per month. If we fail to generate sufficient revenues or raise additional funds to meet our monthly operating costs, we would have available cash for our operating needs for approximately 4 months. 
   
 Until we generate material operating revenues, we require additional debt or equity funding to continue our operations and implement our plan of operations. There is no assurance we will receive such funds or such funds may be on terms unacceptable to us.  
   
   Risks Related to Our Business   
   
   Our business depends on the development of markets for detection and surveillance products and solutions.   
   
 Our products are designed to address the markets for detection, surveillance and integrated solutions. Our products are targeted to both state and local governmental agencies and the private sector. These markets and the types of products and services sold in these markets are emerging. Our ability to grow will depend in part on the rate at which markets for our products develop and on our ability to adapt to emerging demands in these markets. Geopolitical developments, terrorist attacks and government mandates may cause sharp fluctuations in the demand for our products. 

9 

Third parties can purchase the same products we sell which may negatively affect our revenues.   
   
 We purchase our products from a third party manufacturer in China which sells products to other companies. As such, third parties can purchase the same products as us which puts us at a competitive disadvantage and may have a negative impact on our revenues 
   
   Our industry is highly competitive, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, financial condition and future growth.   
   
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. In addition to facing competition generally from businesses seeking to attract discretionary spending dollars, the on-body camera industry itself is highly fragmented, resulting in intense competition. We compete with single location dealers and, to a lesser degree, with national specialty stores. Dealer competition is based on the quality of available products, the price and value of the products and attention to customer service. There is significant competition in the markets which we plan to enter. 
 Our competitors are large national or regional chains that have substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
   
   The success of our business depends on our ability to market our on-body camera and accessories effectively.   
   
 Our ability to establish effective marketing and advertising campaigns is the key to our success. Our advertisements must effectively promote our corporate image and the pricing of such products. If we are unable to create awareness of our products, we may not be able to attract customers. Our marketing activities may not be successful in promoting the products we sell or pricing strategies or in retaining and increasing our customer base. We cannot assure you that our marketing programs will be adequate to create a demand for our products or support our future growth, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
   
   We may be subject to warranty claims that could result in significant direct or indirect costs, or we could experience greater returns from retailers than expected, which could harm our business and operating results.   
   
 We accept returns of products two (2) weeks after purchase. Additionally, our manufacturer provides a twelve (12) month warranty on all products manufactured and the Company offers an extended warranty for year two. The occurrence of any material defects or product recalls could make us liable for damages and warranty claims. Any negative publicity related to the perceived quality of our products could affect our brand image, decrease retailer, distributor and customer demand, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Warranty claims may result in litigation, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
   
 A product recall would be particularly harmful to us because we have limited financial and administrative resources to effectively manage a product recall and it would detract management s attention from implementing our core business strategies. As a result, a significant product defect or product recall could cause a decline in our sales and profitability, and could reduce or deplete our financial resources. Any negative publicity related to the perceived quality of our products could affect our brand image, decrease retailer, distributor and customer demand, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Warranty claims may result in litigation, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

10 

Purchases of our products may be injured while engaging in activities that they self-capture with our on-body camera, and we may be exposed to claims, or regulations could be imposed, which could adversely affect our brand, operating results and financial condition.   
   
 Our law enforcement and other customers use our on-body camera and accessories to self-capture their participation in a wide variety of activities which may carry the risk of significant personal injury or result in death. We may be subject to claims if our customers are injured while using our products. We have no insurance coverage for such claims. Additionally, some businesses may ban the use of our products in their facilities to limit their own liability.  If lawmakers or governmental agencies were to determine that the use of our products increased the risk of injury to all or a subset of our customers, they may pass laws or adopt regulations that limit the use of our products or increase our liability associated with the use of our products. Any of these events could adversely affect our brand, operating results or financial condition. 
   
   We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and could limit our ability to sell some of our products.   
   
 We have not secured intellectual property protection of the Force Protection name. Our industry is characterized by vigorous pursuit and protection of intellectual property rights, which has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for several companies. Third parties may assert claims of misappropriation of trade secrets or infringement of intellectual property rights against us for which we may be liable. 
   
 If our business expands, the number of products and competitors in our markets increases and product overlaps occur, infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, and we cannot be certain that we would be successful in defending ourselves against intellectual property claims. Further, many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources than we can to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us from distributing our products. 
   
   If we fail to develop our brand, cost-effectively, our business may be adversely affected.   
   
 The success of our products marketed under the Force Protection brand will depend upon the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses incurred in building the brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business and results of operations could suffer. 
   
   We must be able to adapt to rapidly changing technology trends and evolving industry standards or we risk our products becoming obsolete.   
   
 The market in which we compete is characterized by intensive development efforts and rapidly advancing technology. Our future success will depend, in large part, upon our ability to anticipate and keep pace with advancing technology and competing innovations. We may not be successful in identifying, developing and marketing new products or enhancing our existing products. We believe that a number of large companies, with significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and technical resources and experience than ours, are focusing on the development of products in the security and law enforcement industry. 

11 

We are dependent on our manufacturer in China. Any disruption or extended delay in product supply from any of our distributors could have a significant adverse impact on our operations.   
   
 We are dependent on one (1) manufacturer in China. We do not have guaranteed supply or pricing arrangements with our manufacturer, but submit purchase orders and pay for products as needed. As a result, we risk increased cost of our products. 
   
 Our ability to sustain satisfactory levels of sales will be dependent in part upon the ability of third party suppliers of raw materials to our manufacturer as well as our manufacturer to properly perform its functions and to comply with local regulations and market our products. While outsourcing manufacturing and distribution to third parties may reduce the cost of operations, it also reduces direct control by us over the services rendered. Although we attempt to select a reputable manufacturer, it is possible it could fail to perform as we expect. 
   
 The failure of our manufacturer to supply products as required by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we do not timely and effectively develop and implement our outsourcing strategy or if third party providers do not perform as anticipated, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, or even manufacturing delays, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   
 Although a number of alternative manufacturers exist that we believe could replace our manufacturer with alternative sources at comparable prices and terms, any disruption or extended delay in our manufacturing obtaining raw material products from any of our third party suppliers could have a significant adverse impact on our operations. In addition, the time needed to replace our manufacturer could adversely affect our operations by delaying shipments and potentially losing customers to our competition. 
   
   Our manufacturer purchases some components, subassemblies and products from third party suppliers. The loss of any of these suppliers may substantially disrupt our ability to obtain orders and fulfill sales as we design and qualify new components.   
   
 We rely on third party components and technology to build our products, and we rely on our manufacturer to obtain the components, subassemblies and products necessary for the manufacture of our products. Shortages in components that we use in our products are possible, and our ability to predict the availability of such components is limited. While components and supplies are generally available from a variety of sources, we and our manufacturer currently depend on a single or limited number of suppliers for several components for our products. If our suppliers of these components or technology were to enter into exclusive relationships with other providers, or were to discontinue providing such components and technology to us and we were unable to replace them cost effectively, or at all, our ability to provide our products would be impaired. Our manufacturer generally relies on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with these suppliers. As a result, even if available, we and our manufacturer may not be able to secure sufficient components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build our products in a timely manner. Therefore, we may be unable to meet customer demand for our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
   
   Risks Related To Our Management   
   
   Should we lose the services of Paul Feldman, our sole officer and director, our operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted.   
   
 Our future depends on the continued contributions of Paul Feldman, our sole officer and director, who would be difficult to replace. Mr. Feldman s services are critical to the management of our business and operations. We do not maintain key man life insurance on Mr. Feldman. Should we lose the services of Mr. Feldman, we may be unable to replace their services with equally competent and experienced personnel and our operational goals and strategies may be adversely affected, which will negatively affect our potential revenues. 

12 

We incur costs and management time related expenses pertaining to SEC reporting obligations and SEC compliance matters and our management has no experience in such matters.   
   
 Paul Feldman, our sole officer and director is responsible for managing us, including compliance with SEC reporting obligations and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. These public reporting requirements and controls are relatively new to these individuals and at times will require us to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting or other professionals that will increase our costs of doing business. Should we fail to comply with SEC reporting and internal controls and procedures, we may be subject to securities law violations that may result in additional compliance costs or costs associated with SEC judgments or fines, each of which would increase our costs and negatively affect our potential profitability and our ability to conduct our business. 
   
   Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders must rely on our sole director Paul Feldman, who is not independent, to perform these functions.   
   
 We have only one officer and director. We do not have an audit or compensation committee or Board of Directors as a whole that is composed of independent directors. Because Paul Feldman, our sole director, is also our sole officer and controlling shareholder, he is not independent. There is a potential conflict between his interests, our interests and our shareholders  interests, since our sole director is also our sole officer will make decisions concerning his own compensation and audit issues. Until we have an audit or compensation committee or independent directors, there may be less oversight of Mr. Feldman s decisions and activities and little or no ability for our minority shareholders to challenge or reverse his activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders. 
   
   Risks Related to the RDW Financing and our Common Stock   
   
   Common Shares that we issue upon conversion of promissory notes will dilute our existing stockholders and depress the market price of our common stock.   
   
 As of the date of this report, we are obligated to issue approximately 37 million common shares upon conversion of the Black Forest Note and RDW Notes based upon the trading price of $.015 of our common shares on June 1, 2016. The issuance of these shares upon conversion of the related notes will dilute our existing shareholders. The number of common shares issuable by us upon conversion of the notes is dependent on the trading price of our common shares during the twenty (20) days prior to conversion. If the price of our stock declines in value, we will be obligated to issue more shares to the note holders which would have a further dilutive effect on our stock which could depress the market price of our common stock. 
   
   We may be required to issue significant amount of common shares upon conversion of notes that could result in a change of control.   
   
 The conversion price of the notes is based upon the trading price of our common shares. There is no way to determine with certainty the number of common shares we will be required to issue should note holders convert their notes into our common shares. As the Black Forest Note and the RDW Notes are converted our stock price will decline requiring us to issue an increased number of common shares. We are currently authorized to issue 250,000,000 common shares. We presently have 58,557,482 shares outstanding. We could be required to increase our authorized shares to provide sufficient authorized common stock for conversion of the notes. Paul Feldman, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director presently holds 210,000,000 votes on matters submitted to our common stockholders. If we increase our authorized shares and issue more than 210,000,000 common shares, Mr. Feldman could lose voting control. This would likely jeopardize the execution of our business plan and disrupt our operations. 

13 

Holders of the notes convertible into our common stock will pay less than the then- prevailing market price for our common stock.  
   
 We have issued notes that have a conversion feature which is based upon a percentage of our lowest trading price over a twenty (20) day period. If our common stock price materially declines, we will be obligated to issue a large number of shares to the holders of these notes upon conversion. This will likely materially dilute existing shareholders. The potential for such dilutive issuances upon conversion of outstanding notes may depress the price of common stock regardless of our business performance, and could encourage short selling by market participants, especially if the trading price of our common stock begins to decrease. 
   
   The market for shares quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB has experienced numerous frauds and abuses, which could adversely affect investors in our stock.   
   
 We believe that the market for shares of companies quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers; 
   
 manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading statements made by parties unrelated to the issuer; 
   
  boiler room  practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; 
   
 excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 
   
 wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 
   
 We believe that many of these abuses have occurred with respect to the promotion of OTC Pink companies that lacked experienced management, adequate financial resources, an adequate business plan and/or marketable and successful business or product. Should this occur in our common stock, investors will likely be adversely affected. 
   
   Our common shares are thinly traded, so you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices, or at all.   
   
 Our common stock is quoted by the OTC Markets OTC Markets OTCQB. Shares of our common stock are thinly- traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near asking prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including: 

we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume; and 
   
 stock analysts, stock brokers and institutional investors may be risk-averse and be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable 
   
 As a result, our stock price may not reflect an actual or perceived value. Also, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal, as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. A broader or more active public trading market for our common shares may not develop or if developed, may not be sustained. Due to these conditions, you may not be able to sell your shares at or near asking prices, or at all, should you attempt to sell your shares. 

14 

Our stock price may be volatile and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the current trading price.   
   
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Group s OTC Pink. Trading in stock quoted on the OTC Pink is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. The market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Pink and other over the counter trading systems do not benefit from the same type of Market- Maker trading systems utilized by stock exchanges such as the NYSE and AMEX and quotation systems such as the NASDAQ in which trading of a security is enhanced by to the presence of Market-Maker(s) who are dedicated to the trading of a particular listed company s shares. Rather, on the OTC Pink and other over the counter markets, there is no assurance that a bid/ask will be posted to facilitate trading of an over the counter listed issue at any particular point in time. As a result, trading of securities on the OTC Pink and other over the counter systems is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on the NYSE, AMEX, NASDAQ or similar large stock exchanges or stock markets. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty selling their shares at any particular point in time. Additionally, the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

our ability to fully execute our business plan; 
   
 changes in our industry; 
   
 our ability to obtain working capital financing; 
   
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
   
 a  public float  in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 
   
 sales of our common stock (particularly following effectiveness of this resale registration statement) upon conversion of outstanding promissory notes; 
   
 operating results that fall below expectations; 
   
 regulatory developments; 
   
 economic and other external factors; 
   
 period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results; 
   
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, 
   
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; and 
   
 future sales of common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders. 
   
 In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
   
   Our officers and directors have voting control over all matters submitted to a vote of our common stockholders, which will prevent our minority shareholders from having the ability to control any of our corporate actions.   
   
 As of the date of this report, we had 58,557,482 shares of common stock outstanding, each entitled to one vote per common share and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock which entitled the holder two hundred (200) votes per share. Our sole officer and director, Paul Feldman, controls 10,000,000 common shares and 1,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares which represent an aggregate of 210,000,000 out of 268,557,482 total votes outstanding or 79.0% of the votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. As such, Mr. Feldman has the ability to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors. Mr. Feldman s control of our voting securities may make it impossible to complete some corporate transactions without his support and may prevent a change in our control. In addition, this ownership could discourage the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and could have an anti-takeover effect, possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock. 

15 

There is not now, and there may never be, an active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Common Stock, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares of our Common Stock.   
   
 There is not now, nor has there been since our inception, significant trading activity in our common stock or a market for our common stock.  An active trading market for our shares may never develop or be sustained. As a result, investors in our common stock must bear the economic risk of holding those shares for an indefinite period of time. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB, an over-the-counter quotation system, operated by the OTC Markets, trading of our common stock is extremely limited and sporadic and at very low volumes. We do not now, and may not in the future, meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange, and we presently anticipate that our common stock will continue to be quoted by the OTC Markets or another over-the-counter quotation system in the foreseeable future. In those venues, our stockholders may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of their shares of our common stock, and may find few buyers to purchase their stock and few market makers to support our stock price. As a result of these and other factors, you may be unable to resell your shares of our common stock at or above the price for which you purchased them, or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional equity in the future, and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using shares of our common stock as consideration. 
   
   If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock.   
   
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing  similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
   
 As a public company, we have significant additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm addressing these assessments. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. This annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 
   
 We cannot assure you that we will, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. 

16 

Because our sole officer and director is our controlling stockholder, he can exert significant control over our business and affairs, and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of investors.   
   
 As of the date of this report, our sole officer and director, Paul Feldman, holds approximately 86% of our outstanding voting stock and has the ability to control all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The interests of Mr. Feldman may differ from the interests of our other stockholders, including investors. As a result, in addition to board seats and offices, Mr. Feldman controls all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how our other stockholders, including investors, may vote, including the following actions: 

to elect or defeat the election of our directors; 
   
 to amend or prevent amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws; 
   
 to effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 
   
 to control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote. 
   
   A decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our ability to continue operations and we may go out of business.   
   
 A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because we may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations through the sale of equity securities, a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors not to choose to invest in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. As a result, our business may suffer, and not be successful and we may go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to go out of business. 
   
   Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.   
   
 We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the Board of Directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. For the foreseeable future, earnings generated from our operations will be retained for use in our business and not to pay dividends. In addition, the terms of our existing credit facilities preclude, and the terms of any future debt agreements is likely to similarly preclude, us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole resource of gain for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

17 

Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) s penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.   
   
 Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines  penny stock  to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and  accredited investors . The term  accredited investor  refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 
   
   Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.   
   
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock. 
   
   We may, in the future, issue additional securities, which would reduce investors  percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.   
   
 Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $.0001 par value per share and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. As of the date of this report, we had 58,557,482 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 191,442,518 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services or acquisitions or other corporate actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

18 

As an issuer of  penny stock  the protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to forward looking statements does not apply to us.   
   
 Although the federal securities law provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, if we are a penny stock we will not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any claim that the material provided by us contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include any statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. 

ITEM 2:  
          PROPERTIES  

We occupy approximately 900 square feet at 130 Iowa Lane, Suite 102, Cary, NC 27511 pursuant to a lease agreement which expires on December 31, 2018. Our calendar year annual rent for this location is $14,340 for 2016, $14,772 for 2017 and $15,216 for 2018. 
   
 We believe this location is suitable for our current needs. 

ITEM 3:  
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us that we expect will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results. We cannot assure you that we will not be adversely affected in the future by legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4:  
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE  

Not Applicable. 

19 

PART II  

ITEM 5:  
    MMARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER   
  MMATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES         

Market Information  
   
 Our common stock trades on the Over the Counter Markets Group Inc. QB tier (the  OTCQB ) under the symbol  FPVD . 
   
 Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB and OTC Pink are often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. 
   
 OTC Markets OTCQB securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Markets OTCQB securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Markets OTCQB issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 
   
 Set forth below are the range of high and low prices for our common stock from the OTC Markets OTC Pinks for the periods indicated. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions: 

Transfer Agent  
   
 Our Transfer Agent is Interwest Transfer Co., Inc. located at 1981 Murray Holladay Road, Suite 100, Salt Lake City, Utah. Their telephone number is 801-272-9294 and their website is www.interwesttc.com. 
   
  Holders  
   
 As of the date of this Report there are approximately 38 holders of record of our common stock in certificate form, exclusive of those brokerage firms and/or clearing houses holding our Common Stock in street name for their clientele (with each such brokerage house and/or clearing house being considered as one holder). We have 58,557,482 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
     
  Dividend Policy  
   
 We have not paid any dividends to the holders of our common stock and we do not expect to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future as we expect to retain our future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. 

20 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans  
   
 At the present time, we have no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 
   
  Additional Information  
   
 Copies of our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on the internet at www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our filings, including all forward-looking statements, are made as of the date of the document, in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
   
  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   
  Forward Looking Statements  
   
  The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report. Some of the statements contained in this Report that are not historical facts are  forward looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which can be identified by the use of terminology such as  estimates,   projects,   plans,   believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,  or the negative or other variations, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. However, as the Company intends to issue  penny stock,  as such term is defined in Rule 3a51 1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, the Company is ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. We urge you to be cautious of the forward looking statements, that such statements, which are contained in this Report, reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting our operations, market growth, services, products and licenses. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ materially as a result of the risks we face, and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward looking statements include without limitation:  

Our ability to attract and retain management, and to integrate and maintain technical information and management information systems;   
       
   Our ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and conditions      
       
   The intensity of competition      
       
   General economic conditions    and   
       
   Changes in government regulations.   
   
  The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to announce publicly the results of any revisions of the forward looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect future events or developments.  
   
  Overview  
   
  The Company is in the business of selling video and audio capture devices initially targeted to law enforcement agencies. The Company has established a web site at www.forceprovideo.com whereby customers can view the Company s products and place orders. We believe that given recent current events between law enforcement agencies and the public, which has been widely reported by the media, there is a significant market opportunity for the Company s products.    

21 

Products  
   
 Our video and audio capture devices are compact, ergonomic, tamperproof and designed to capture HD video and/or audio on demand enabling our customers to capture content while engaged in a wide range of activity. We also sell accessories that enhance the functionality and versatility of our products, including mounts, such as the helmet, handlebar, roll bar and tripod mounts, as well as mounts that enable users to wear the camera on their bodies, such as the wrist housing, chest harness and head strap. Other accessories include spare batteries, charging accessories and memory drives. Our products are marketed primarily to law enforcement due to their unique need to capture important events in the course of their duties. 
   
 Our primary products consist of the LE10 Law Enforcement Video Recorder, LE50 HD Body Cam, SC1 Sunglass Camera and Citadel 3G Solar Security Camera  
   
  Distribution  
   
 Customers purchase products from our website and by telephone order. All products are shipped from our manufacturer to our facility in North Carolina where we process and ship product to our customers using Federal Express or United Parcel Services. Customers pay all shipping charges. 
   
  Marketing  
   
 Currently, our sales and marketing efforts include print marketing brochures featuring our products to state and local law enforcement agencies. We create and deliver brochures to state and local law enforcement, every four (4) weeks, using U.S. Mail. 
   
  Results of Operations   
   
 We are a start-up company.  We did not begin meaningful operations until our first quarter of 2016. As of April 30, 2016, we had total assets of $369,357 and total liabilities of $122,116.  Since our inception to April 30, 2016, we have accumulated a deficit of $1,475,125. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities. 
   
   Year Ended April 30, 2016 Compared with the year ended April 30, 2015   
   
  Revenue  
   
 Revenue is generated from the sale of our video and audio capture devices and related accessories. For the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized $67,964 of revenue compared to $5,000 during the year ended April 30, 2015. The increase is due to the establishment of our video and audio capturing product sales during the year ended April 30, 3016 compared so no such operations in the prior year. 
  Gross profit  
   
 Gross profit was $28,399 and $5,000 during the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our Gross margin for the year ended April 30, 2016 was 41.8% with no meaningful comparison for the year ended April 30, 2015. The Company anticipates fluctuations in the mix of product sales and cannot meaningfully determine at this early stage if our gross margin will increase or decrease with any degree of accuracy. 

22 

Operating Expenses  
   
 Operating expenses include costs related to personnel, professional fees, travel and entertainment, public company costs, insurance and other office related costs and costs to promote and sell our products. Operating costs increased $501,502 to $569,501 during the year ended April 30, 2016 compared to $67,999 during the year ended April 30, 2015. Operating costs increased due to the Company beginning meaningful operations to promote and sell our products and administer the Company.  
   
  Other Income (Expense)  
   
 All the elements of other income (expense) relate to our convertible promissory notes. During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company incurred $26,711, of interest expense related to the stated interest and $694,188 for the accretion of the debt discount resulting from note issuance fees and the beneficial conversion feature contained on our convertible promissory notes. 
   
  Liquidity and Working Capital  
   
 Our principal source of liquidity is cash in the bank and salable inventory. As of  April 30 , 2016 our current assets totaled $360,300 and were comprised primarily of $227,273 in cash and $129,870 of inventory and prepaid inventory. Due to the  start-up  nature of our business, we expect to incur losses as we develop and introduce our products and services. These conditions raise doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management recognizes that in order for us to meet our capital requirements, and continue to operate, additional financing will be necessary. We expect to raise additional funds through private or public equity investment in order to expand the range and scope of business operations. We will try to raise additional funds through private or public equity but there is no assurance that such additional funds will be available for us to finance our operations on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate positive cash flow, it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
 For the year ended April 30, 2016, net cash flows used in operating activities was $634,369, compared to $73,524 for the year ended April 30, 2015.  
   
 For the year ended April 30, 2016, net cash flows used in investing activities was $7,588, compared to $0 for the year ended April 30, 2015.  
   
 For the year ended April 30, 2016, we generated cash flows from financing activities of $834,004 from the issuance of common and preferred stock and convertible promissory notes compared to $54,999 for the year ended April 30, 2015. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of debt and equity. 
   
   Publicly Reporting Company Considerations   
   
 We will face several material challenges of operating as a publicly reporting company and we expect to incur significant costs and expenses applicable to us as a public company. We anticipate that our ongoing costs and expenses of complying with our public reporting company obligations will be approximately $50,000 annually, which we expect to pay for out of proceeds from our financing efforts during the next twelve months from the date of this report. Subsequent to the next twelve month reporting and compliance period, we expect to pay for our publicly reporting company compliance and reporting costs from our gross profits, although there is no assurance that sufficient revenues will be generated to cover said costs. We must structure, establish, maintain and operate our Company under corporate policies designed to ensure compliance with all required public company laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Act of 1934, the Sarbanes  Oxley Act of 2002, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Some of our more significant challenges of being a publicly reporting company will include the following: 

23 

We will have to carefully prepare and file in the format mandated by the SEC all periodic filings required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Annual Report on Form 10K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10Q, and interim reports of material significant events on Form 8K), as well as insider reporting compliance for all officers and director under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on Form 3, 4 and 5;  

We will have to assure that our corporate governance principles and Board minutes are properly drafted and maintained;  

We will have to carefully analyze and assess all disclosures in all forms of public communications, including periodic SEC filings, press releases, website posting, and investor conferences to assure legal compliance;  

We will have assure corporate and SEC legal compliance with respect to proxy statements and information statements circulated for our annual shareholder meetings, shareholder solicitations and other shareholder information events;  

We will have to assure securities law compliance for all equity based employee benefit plans, including registration statements and prospectus distribution procedures;  

We will have to continuously analyze the specific impact on our Company of all significant SEC initiatives, policies, proposals and developments, as well as assess the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Committee on governance procedures of the Company and our audit committee;  

We will have to comply with the specific listing requirements of a stock exchange if we qualify and apply for such listing;  

Being a public company increases our director and officer liability insurance costs     

We will have to interface with our Transfer Agent regarding issuance and trading of our common stock, which may include Rule 144 stock transfer compliance matters; and  

We will incur additional costs for legal services as a function of our needs to seek guidance on securities law disclosure questions and evolving compliance standards.  
   
 We have assigned a high priority to corporate compliance and our public company reporting obligations, however, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient cash resources available to satisfy our public company reporting and compliance obligations. If we are unable to cover the cost of proper administration of our public company compliance and reporting obligations, we could become subject to sanctions, fines and penalties, our stock could be barred from trading in public capital markets and we may have to cease operations. 
   
 Our actual results may differ from our projections if there are material changes in any of the factors or assumptions upon which we have based our projections. Such factors and assumptions, include, without limitation, the development of our proprietary technology platform and our products, the timing of such development, market acceptance of our products, protection of our intellectual property, our success in implementing our strategic, operating and personnel initiatives and our ability to commercialize our products, any of which could impact sales, costs and expenses and/or planned strategies and timing. As a result, it is possible that we may require significantly more capital resources to meet our capital needs. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
   
 None. 

24 

Critical Accounting Estimates   
   
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that have a significant impact on the results that we report in our financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Certain of these significant accounting policies require us to make critical accounting estimates, as defined below. 
   
 A critical accounting estimate is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: 

we are required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and 
   
 different estimates we could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
   
 Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances.  These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes.  These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the financial statements as soon as they became known. Based on a critical assessment of our accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes that our financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and present a meaningful presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. 
   
 Our most critical accounting estimates include: 

the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes, which impact our provision for taxes. 
   
 Fair value measurements 
   
 Below, we discuss this policy further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved.  
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 Provisions for income taxes are based on taxes payable or refundable for the current period and deferred taxes on temporary differences between the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income and between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the financial statements at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. 
   
 When accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, first, the tax position is evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. If the tax position is deemed  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company s utilization of U.S. Federal net operating losses will be limited in accordance to Section 381 rules. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

25 

Fair Value Measurements  
   
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the Company uses various methods including market, income and cost approaches. Based on these approaches, the Company often utilizes certain assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and or the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable inputs. The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Based on the observability of the inputs used in the valuation techniques the Company is required to provide the following information according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:  
   
 Level 1   Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities traded in active exchange markets, such as the national stock exchanges. 
   
 Level 2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in less active markets, or other observable inputs that can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 2 also includes derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with observable market inputs or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. 
   
 Level 3   Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity for financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation; also includes observable inputs for nonbinding single dealer quotes not corroborated by observable market data. 
   
 The Company has various processes and controls in place to ensure that fair value is reasonably estimated. Where market information is not available to support internal valuations, independent reviews of the valuations are performed and any material exposures are evaluated. 
   
 Many of our financial instruments are issued in conjunction with the issuance of debt. At the time of issuance we allocate the proceeds received to the various financial instruments and this involves the determination of fair value. From time to time, the fair value of these financial instruments exceeds the proceeds received. When this occurs, we critically evaluate the validity of the fair value computation.  

26 

ITEM 8:   
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

28 

Balance Sheets  

29 

Statements of Operations  

30 

Statements of Stockholders  Equity  

31 

Statements of Cash Flows  

32 

Notes to Financial Statements  

33 

27 

Baum   Company, P.A.  
  Certified Public Accountants  
  1688 Meridian Avenue, Suite 504  
  Miami Beach, Florida 33139  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. ( the Company ) as of April 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. as of April 30,  and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated positive net income since inception, has an accumulated deficit, and does not have positive cash flows from operating activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Miami Beach, Florida 
 June 16, 2016 
 /s/ Baum   Company, P.A. 

28 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements  

29 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements  

30 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements  

31 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements  

32 

FORCE PROTECTION VIDEO EQUIPMENT CORP.  
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2016 AND 2015  
   
   NOTE 1  ORGANIZATION AND GOING CONCERN   
   
   Organization   
   
 Force Protection Video Equipment Corp., (the Company), was incorporated on March 11, 2011, under the laws of the State of Florida as M Street Gallery, Inc.  On September 25, 2013, we changed our name to Enhance-Your-Reputation.com, Inc. and changed our business to providing reputation management and enhancement services. On February 2, 2015 the Company changed its name to Force Protection Video Corp.  to focus on the sale of mini body video cameras and accessories to consumers and law enforcement.   
   
   Going Concern   
   
 The Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized revenue of $67,964 and a net operating loss of $541,102. As of April 30, 2016, the Company had working capital of $239,167 and an accumulated deficit of $1,475,125. 
   
 In view of these conditions, the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Historically, the Company has relied upon funds from the sale of shares of stock, issuance of promissory notes and loans from its shareholders and private investors to finance its operations and growth. Management is planning to raise necessary additional funds for working capital through loans and/or additional sales of its common stock. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising additional capital or that such additional funds will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Should the Company be unable to raise this amount of capital its operating plans will be limited to the amount of capital that it can access. These financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying financial statements. 
   
   NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       
   
   Estimates   
   
 The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires management to make estimates and use assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from these estimates and assumptions. 
   
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  
   
   Inventory   
   
 Our inventory is comprised of finished goods, cameras and recording equipment. The Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company also makes prepayments against the future delivery of inventory classified as prepaid inventory. 

33 

Accounts Receivable   
   
 Accounts receivable are reported at the customers' outstanding balances.  The Company does not have a history of significant bad debt and has not recorded any allowance for doubtful accounts.  Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable.  The Company evaluates receivables on a regular basis for potential reserve. 
   
   Property and Equipment   
   
 Fixed assets are carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Major improvements are capitalized, while repair and maintenance are expensed when incurred. Renewals and betterments that materially extend the life of the assets are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in income for the period. 
   
 For federal income tax purposes, depreciation is computed under the modified accelerated cost recovery system. Depreciation for financial statement purposes is computed on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of the related assets. The estimated useful lives of depreciable assets are: 

Estimated 

Useful Lives 

Office Equipment 
      
   3 - 5 years 
  
   Furniture   equipment 
      
   5 - 7 years 

Income Taxes   
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credits and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized.   The Company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain income tax positions, if any, taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return. Estimated interest and penalties are recorded as a component of interest expense or other expense, respectively. 
   
   Revenue Recognition   
   
 The Company recognizes revenue when (a) pervasive evidence of an arrangement exists (b) products are delivered or services have been rendered (c) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured.  
   
   Advertising costs   
   
  Advertising costs are anticipated to be expensed as incurred. The Company recognized $21,683 and $0 in advertising costs during the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   
   Stock Based Compensation   
   
 The Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718-10 and the conclusions reached by FASB ASC 505-50. Costs are measured at the estimated fair market value of the consideration received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of equity instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the earliest of a performance commitment or completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by FASB ASC 505-50. 

34 

Fair Value Measurements   
   
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company utilizes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). These tiers include:  
   
 Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 
   
 Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and 
   
 Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 
   
 As of April 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company did not have any assets or liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis or on a non-recurring basis.   
   
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
   
 The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments approximate fair value because of the short term maturity of these items. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect those estimates. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes, nor do we utilize derivative instruments. 
   
 The computation of basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is based on the weighted average number of shares that were outstanding during the period, including shares of common stock that are issuable at the end of the reporting period. The computation of diluted EPS is based on the number of basic weighted-average shares outstanding plus the number of common shares that would be issued assuming the exercise of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method. The computation of diluted net income per share does not assume conversion, exercise or contingent issuance of securities that would have an antidilutive effect on earnings per share. Therefore, when calculating EPS, if the Company experienced a loss, there is no inclusion of dilutive securities as their inclusion in the EPS calculation is antidilutive. Furthermore, options and warrants will have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options or warrants (they are in the money).  
   
 Following is the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015: 

35 

Concentrations of risk  
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, no customer accounted for more than 5% of sales. During the year ended April 30, 2015, one customer accounted for 100% of sales.  
   
 The Company relies on third parties for   the supply and manufacture of its capture devices, some of which are sole-source suppliers.  The Company believes that outsourcing manufacturing enables greater scale and flexibility. As demand and product lines change, the Company periodically evaluates the need and advisability of adding manufacturers to support its operations.  In instances where a supply and manufacture agreement does not exist or suppliers fail to perform their obligations, the Company may be unable to find alternative suppliers or satisfactorily deliver its products to its customers on time, if at all.  During the year ended April 30 2016, two suppliers accounted for 97% (84% and 13%) of our inventory purchases.  
   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
   
 In September 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805). This ASU eliminates the requirement for retrospective application of measurement period adjustments relating to provisional amounts recorded in a business combination as of the acquisition date. The amendments in this update require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. For public business entities, the amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect this accounting update to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements in future periods, although that could change.  
   
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40). This ASU provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the software license element of the arrangement should be accounted for consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. For public business entities, the amendments will be effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. 
   
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This ASU requires retrospective adoption and will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. We expect the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
   
 In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which amends the consolidation requirements in ASC 810 and significantly changes the consolidation analysis required under U.S. GAAP relating to whether or not to consolidate certain legal entities. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s effective date for adoption is January 1, 2016. The Company does not expect this accounting update to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements in future periods, although that could change. 
   
 In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items , which eliminates the concept from U.S. GAAP the concept of an extraordinary item. Under the ASU, an entity will no longer (1) segregate an extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations; (2) separately present an extraordinary item on its income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations; or (3) disclose income taxes and earnings-per-share data applicable to an extraordinary item. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s effective date for adoption is May 1, 2016. The Company does not expect this accounting update to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements in future periods, although that could change. 

36 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205 40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically, ASU 2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated. The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. 
   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year. Based on the Board's decision, public organizations would apply the new revenue standard to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard. 
   
 We review new accounting standards as issued. Although some of these accounting standards issued or effective after the end of our previous fiscal year may be applicable to us, we have not identified any standards that we believe merit further discussion. We believe that none of the new standards will have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
   
   NOTE 3 - FIXED ASSETS   
   
 Fixed assets consisted of the following: 

During the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $476 and $0, respectively, in depreciation expense.  

37 

NOTE 4   CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES   
   
 Following is a summary of our outstanding convertible promissory notes as of April 30, 2016: 

The company determined that each convertible promissory notes conversion feature is indexed to the Company s stock, which is an input to a fair value measurement of a fixed-for-fixed option on equity shares. Thus, the conversion feature of the notes meets the scope exception under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815-40-15-7 and treatment under ASC 470-20    Debt with Conversion and Other Options  is appropriate.  
   
   EMA Financial, LLC   
   
 On August 25, 2015 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with EMA Financial, LLC ( EMA ), for the sale of an 8% convertible note in the principal amount of $105,000 (the  EMA Note ) of which the Company received $80,504 after payment of legal and due diligence fees of $5,000, finder's fee of $9,500 and original issue discount ( OID ) of $9,996. The EMA Note matured in twelve (12) months on August 25, 2016.   The EMA Note was convertible into common stock, at EMA s option anytime following the issuance date, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 60% of the lowest trading price during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. In no event was EMA effect a conversion if such conversion results in EMA beneficially owning in excess of 4.9% of the outstanding common stock of the Company.  
   
 The EMA Note principle was discounted for the value of the OID, legal fees and finder s fee totaling $24,496, and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $80,504 which was computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the EMA Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $145,000. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeds the EMA Note proceeds, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of the EMA Note. The resulting $105,000 discount was accreted through April 18, 2016, the date the note balance was paid in full. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $5,444 and debt discount accretion of $105,000. During the year ended April 30, 2016, EMA converted $110,444 of principal and interest into 3,857,115 shares of common stock. The EMA Note has been paid in full as of April 30, 2016  
   
   Adar Bays, LLC   
   
 On September 11, 2015 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Adar Bays, LLC ( Adar ) for the sale of an 8% convertible note in the principal amount of $81,000 (which includes Adar legal expenses in the amount of $6,000) (the  Adar Note ) of which Adar funded $27,000 upon closing, $27,000 on March 30, 2016 and $27,000 on April 13, 2016.  
   
 The Adar Note bore interest at 8% with all interest and principal due on September 11, 2016. The Adar Note was convertible into common stock anytime after 6 months, at Adar s option, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 60% (the  Conversion Factor ) of the lowest trading price during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion.  

38 

Adar agreed to restrict its ability to convert the Adar Note and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them in the aggregate and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock.  
   
 The Adar Note principle was discounted for the value of the legal fees of $6,000 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $75,000 computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Adar Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $109,000. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeds the Adar Note principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of the Adar Note. The resulting $81,000 discount was accreted through April 18, 2016, the date the note balance was paid in full. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $1,144 and debt discount accretion of $75,000 During the year ended April 30, 2016, Adar converted $82,144 of principal and interest into 3,194,887 shares of common stock. The Adar Note has been paid in full as of April 30, 2016. 
   
   Auctus Fund, LLC   
   
 On September 30, 2015 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC ( Auctus ), for the sale of an 8% convertible note in the principal amount of $66,000 (the  Auctus Note ) of which the Company received $57,500 after payment of legal and due diligence fees. The Auctus Note matured in 9 months on June 30, 2016.   The Auctus Note was convertible into common stock, at Auctus s option anytime following the issuance date, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 60% of the lowest trading price during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. In no event was Auctus to effect a conversion if such conversion resulted in Auctus beneficially owning in excess of 4.99% of the outstanding common stock of the Company.  
   
 The Actus Note principle was discounted for the value of the legal and due diligence fees of $8,500 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $57,500 computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Auctus Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $62,625. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeded the Auctus Note principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of the Auctus Note. The resulting $66,000 discount was accreted through April 18, 2016, the date the note balance was paid in full. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $2,749 and debt discount accretion of $66,000. During the year ended April 30, 2016, Actus converted $68,749 of principal and interest into 2,716,689 shares of common stock. The Actus Note has been paid in full as of April 30, 2016. 
   
   JSJ Investments, Inc.   
   
 On October 6, 2015 the Company sold and JSJ Investments, Inc. ( JSJ ) purchased a 12% convertible note in the principal amount of $56,000 (the  JSJ Note ) of which the Company received $51,000 after payment of a $5,000 original issue discount. The JSJ Note matured in 6 months on April 6, 2016.   The JSJ Note was convertible into common stock, at JSJ  s option anytime following the issuance date, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 60% of the lowest trading price during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. In no event was JSJ to effect a conversion if such conversion resulted in JSJ beneficially owning in excess of 4.99% of the outstanding common stock of the Company.  
   
 The JSJ Note principle was discounted for the value of the OID of $5,000 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $51,000 computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the JSJ Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $57,866. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeds the JSJ Note principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of the JSJ Note. The resulting $56,000 discount was accreted through April 26, 2016, the date the note balance was paid in full. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $3,536 and debt discount accretion of $56,000. During the year ended April 30, 2016, JSJ converted $59,536 of principal and interest into 3,543,799 shares of common stock. The JSJ Note has been paid in full as of April 30, 2016. 

39 

LG Capital Funding, LLC   
   
 On September 11, 2015 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with LG Capital Funding, LLC ( LG ) for the sale of an 8% convertible note in the principal amount of $81,000 (which includes LG legal expenses in the amount of $6,000) (the  LG Note ) of which LG funded $27,000 upon closing, $27,000 on March 30, 2016 and $27,000 on April 20, 2016.  
   
 The LG Note bears interest of 8%. All interest and principal must be repaid on September 11, 2016. The LG Note is convertible into common stock anytime after 6 months, at LG s option, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 60% of the lowest trading price during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. In the event the Company elects to prepay all or any portion of the LG Note during the first 180 days, the Company is required to pay to LG an amount in cash equal to 150% multiplied by the sum of all principal and interest. The note may not be prepaid after the 180th day. 
   
 LG agreed to restrict its ability to convert the LG Note and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them in the aggregate and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The LG Note also provides for penalties and rescission rights if we do not deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion within the required timeframes.  
   
 The LG Note principle was discounted for the value of the legal fees of $6,000 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $68,000 computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the LG Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The resulting $74,000 discount is being accreted over the 12 month term of the LG Note. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $1,227  and debt discount accretion of $66,259. During the year LG converted $69,193 of principal and interest into 3,035,913 shares of common stock leaving a principal balance due of $13,000 as of April 30, 2016. 
   
   Black Forest Capital, LLC   
   
 On October 8, 2015 the Company sold and Black Forest Capital, LLC ( Black Forest ) purchased a 10% convertible note in the principal amount of $53,000 (the  Black Forest Note ) of which the Company received $50,000 after payment of legal fees. The Black Forest Note matures in 12 months on October 8, 2016.   The Black Forest Note is convertible into common stock, at Black Forest s option anytime following the issuance date, at a price for each share of common stock equal to 40% of the lowest trading price during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. In no event shall Black Forest effect a conversion if such conversion results in Black Forest beneficially owning in excess of 4.99% of the outstanding common stock of the Company. The Black Forest Note and accrued interest may be prepaid within the 180 day period following the issuance date at an amount equal to 135% of the outstanding principle and unpaid interest. After expiration of the 180 days, the Black Forest Note may not be prepaid. Upon the occurrence of an event of default the balance of principle and interest shall increase to 140%. 
   
 The Black Forrest Note principle was discounted for the value of legal fees of $3,000 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Black Forest Note and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $127,199. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeds the Black Forest Note principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of the Black Forest Note. The resulting $53,000 discount is being accreted over the 12 month term of the Black Forest Note. 
   
 During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $3,001 and debt discount accretion of $43,008. During the year Black Forrest converted $33,500 of principal and interest into 2,991,074 shares of common stock leaving a principal balance due of $19,500 as of April 30, 2016. 

40 

RDW Capital, LLC   
   
  RDW Securities Purchase Agreement #1  
   
 On November 10, 2015, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( RDW SPA 1 ) with RDW Capital, LLC ( RDW ), a Florida limited liability company wherein RDW committed to lend us up to $1,150,000 in convertible notes. On closing, we issued to RDW, an eight percent (8%) convertible note ( RWD Note 1 ) in the principal amount of $157,500 of which the Company received $130,000 after payment of legal and due diligence fees totaling $27,500.  
   
 On December 31, 2015, in connection with the RDW SPA 1, we issued to RDW a second convertible note in the principal amount of $105,000 ( RDW Note 2 ) of which the Company received $90,000 after payment of legal and due diligence fees totaling $15,000.  
   
 On February 17, 2016, we entered into Amendment No. 3 to the RDW SPA 1 which increased the amount RDW will invest to an aggregate of $2,362,500 of convertible notes payable in six (6) tranches with the first tranche of $157,500 (RDW Note 1); second tranche of $105,000 (RDW Note 2); and third tranche of $525,000 ($210,000 (RDW Note 3) as described below was funded) (collectively the  RDW Notes ), having already been paid; the fourth tranche of $525,000 due within five (5) days after the effective date of a registration statement covering the fourth tranche; the fifth tranche of $525,000 within five (5) business days after the effective date of a registration statement covering the fifth tranche; and the sixth tranche of 525,000 within five (5) business days after the effective date of a registration statement covering the sixth tranche  
   
 On March 10, 2016, in connection with the RDW SPA 1, we issued to RDW a third convertible note in the principal amount of $210,000 (   RDW Note 3   ) of which the Company received $180,000 after payment of legal and due diligence fees totaling $30,000 
   
 The RDW Notes have the following terms and conditions: 
   
    The principal amount outstanding accrues interest at a rate of eight percent (8%) per annum.  
    Interest is due and payable on each conversion date and on the Maturity Date.  
    Mature 5-6 months, after issuance.  
    At any time, at the option of the holder, the RDW notes are convertible, into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to sixty percent (60%) of the lowest traded price of our common stock in the twenty (20) days prior to the conversion date, at any time, at the option of the holder (the  Conversion Price ).  
   T he   RDW Notes are unsecured obligations.  
    We may prepay the RDW Notes in whole or in part at any time with ten (10) days written notice to the holder for the sum of the outstanding principal and interest multiplied by one hundred and thirty percent (130%).  RDW may continue to convert the notes from the date of the notice of prepayment until the date of prepayment.  
     Default interest of twenty-four percent (24%) per annum.  
    Interest on overdue accrued and unpaid interest will incur a late fee of the lower of eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the maximum rate permitted by law.  
    Upon an event of default, RDW may accelerate the outstanding principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and other amounts owing through the date of acceleration (   Acceleration   ).  
    Upon Acceleration, the amount due will be one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the outstanding principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, together with payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages.  
    In the event of our default, at the request of the holder, we must pay one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the outstanding balance plus accrued interest and default interest.  
    We must reserve three (3) times the amount of shares necessary for the issuance of common stock upon conversion.   
    Conversions of the RDW Notes shall not be permitted if such conversion will result in the holder owning more than four point ninety-nine percent (4.99%) of our common shares outstanding after giving effect to such conversion.  

41 

RDW Note 1 principle was discounted for the value of the legal and finder s fees totaling $27,500 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature of $121,406 which was computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of RDW Note 1 and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $121,406. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that was less than RDW Note 1 principal, the full $121,406 discount was recognized. The resulting $148,906 discount was accreted over the 5 month term of RDW Note 1 through April 10, 2016. 
   
 RDW Note 2 principle was discounted for the value of the legal fees totaling $15,000 and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature which was computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of RDW Note 2 and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $98,086. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeds RDW Note 2 principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of RDW Note 2. The resulting $105,000 discount is being accreted over the 5 month term of RDW Note 2 through June 30, 2016. 
   
 RDW Note 3 principle was discounted for the value of fees totaling $30,000, stock issued to an advisor in connection with RDW Note 3 totaling $18,000, and the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature which was computed as the difference between the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of RDW Note 3 and the total price to convert based on the effective conversion price on the date of issuance. The calculated intrinsic value was $227,391. As this amount resulted in a total debt discount that exceeded RDW Note 3 principal, the discount recorded for the beneficial conversion feature was limited to the principal amount of RDW Note 3. The resulting $210,000 discount was accreted through April 30, 2016, the date RDW Note 3 was paid in full. 
   
 Related to the RDW Notes, during the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $9,611 and debt discount accretion of $276,921.  
   
 During the year RDW converted $209,208 of RDW Note 3 principal and interest into 2,415,000 shares of common stock leaving a principal balance due on RDW Note 3 of $792 as of April 30, 2016. 
   
  RDW Securities Purchase Agreement #2  
   
 On May 9, 2016, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( RDW SPA 2 ) with RDW wherein RDW committed to lend us up to $367,500 in convertible notes in four tranches with proceeds totaling $350,000 as follows: (i) $100,000 which it invested on May 13, 2016, (ii) $50,000 which it invested on May 20, 2016, (iii) $100,000 on June 13, 2016, and (iv) $100,000 on July 13, 2016. 
   
 In connection with the RDW SPA 2, on May 13, 2016, we issued to RDW, an eight percent (8%) convertible note in the principal amount of $105,000, in exchange for RDW s investment of $100,000 ( RDW Note 4 ). Out of the proceeds from RDW Note 4, we paid the sum of $7,500 to RDW s legal counsel, $10,000 to our placement agent, Carter, Terry   Company ( CTC ), a broker-dealer registered with the Securities   Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) and $5,000 towards an original issue discount. Pursuant to the terms of the RDW Purchase Agreement and our agreement with CTC, we received net proceeds of $82,500 from RDW Note 4.  
   
 In connection with the RDW SPA 2, on May 20, 2016, we issued a second convertible note to RDW with  the  principal  amount  of  $52,500  ( RDW  Note 5 )  in  exchange  for  RDW s  investment of $50,000. Out of the proceeds from RDW Note 5, we paid the sum of $5,000 to CTC, as the placement agent pursuant to the terms of our agreement with CTC and $2,500 towards an original issue discount. After payment of this amount, we received net proceeds of $45,000 from RDW Note 5.  

42 

NOTE 5   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
   
   Product Warranties   
   
 Our products are sold with a one (1) year manufacturer s warranty. The Company has no obligation to provide warranty service or replacement. The Company does offer an extended warranty for a fee. The extended warranty expires one year from the day the manufacturer warranty expires. Warranty costs during the second year of an extended warranty are born by the manufacturer. As a result, the Company has no, or limited warranty liability exposure.  
   
   Operating Lease   
   
 On March 21, 2015, the Company entered into a lease of office space at 130 Iowa Lane, Suite 102, Carry, North Carolina 27511. The lease expires on March 31, 2018. The Company has no other noncancelable operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under this operating lease with an initial term in excess of one year as of April 30, 2016 are as follows: 
   
  Fiscal Year  
 2017 
 $14,776 
 2018 
 $14,776 
 2019 
 $9,851 
 Thereafter 
 $0 
   
 Rent expense for office space totaled $10,295 and $0 during the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
   Supplier Purchase Commitments   
   
 The Company periodically makes contractual, advance inventory purchases in the ordinary course of business. As of April 30, 2016, the Company was obligated to purchase $35,000 of inventory under a non-exclusive distribution agreement.  
   
   NOTE 6   STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY   
   
  As of April 30, 2016 and 2015, there were 40,525,595 and 18,295,000 shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. As of April 30, 2016 and 2015 there were 1,000,000 and 0 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively.   
   
 On January 19, 2016, we amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase our authorized common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares and authorized the creation of 1,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock with each share being entitled to 200,000 (i.e., 200:1) votes per share and with no right of conversion into shares of common stock. 
   
 During the year ended  April 30, 2016 , the Company issued preferred stock and common stock as follows: 

10,095 shares of common stock were issued in exchange for services valued at the close price of our stock resulting in stock compensation expense of $14,500. 
   
 31,912 shares of common stock were issued in connection with RDW Note 3 and valued at $18,000 as stated in the related agreements. 
   
 450,000 shares of common stock were issued for cash of $0.10 per share resulting in the Company receiving $45,000.   
   
 1,000,000 shares of non-convertible Series A Preferred Stock to Paul Feldman, CEO, which entitle him to 200,000 votes per share or an aggregate of 200,000,000 votes on all matters submitted to our common stockholders. We valued the 1,000 Series A shares at $.0001 per share or an aggregate of $1,000. 
   
 21,738,588 shares of common stock were issued upon the conversion of $618,708 of convertible note principal and interest.  
   
 During the year ended  April 30, 2015 , the Company issued common stock as follows: 

100,000 shares were issued for cash of $0.50 per share resulting in the Company receiving $50,000. 
   
 50,000 shares for cash of $0.10 per share and received $5,000.   
   
 On February 2, 2015, Paul Feldman, CEO, purchased 10,000,000 shares of our common stock for $.0001 per share or an aggregate of $1,000 from our former president.  

43 

NOTE 7   INCOME TAXES   
   
 No provision for income taxes was recorded in the periods presented due to tax losses incurred in each period.  As of April 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $668,383 and $116,874, respectively, for income tax reporting purposes. 

A reconciliation between the amount of income tax benefit determined by applying the applicable U.S. statutory income tax rate to pre-tax loss for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of April 30, 2016 and 2015 was $227,250 and $39,737, respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended January 31, 2016 was an increase of $187,513. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Due to the uncertainty of realizing the deferred tax asset, management has recorded a valuation allowance against the entire deferred tax asset. 
   
 The Company's U.S. federal net operating loss carry forward ( NOL ) will expire in years 2033 through 2035; $15,616 of which will expire April 30, 2032, $38,259 on April 30, 2033, $62,999 on April 30, 2034 and $551,509 on April 30, 2035. Utilization of the NOL is subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, respectively, as a result of significant changes in ownership, private placements and debt conversions. Subsequent significant equity changes, could further limit the utilization of the NOL. The annual limitations have not yet been determined; however, when the annual limitations are determined, the gross deferred tax assets for the NOL will be reduced with a reduction in the valuation allowance of a like amount. 
   
 The Company has adopted the accounting guidance related to uncertain tax positions, and has evaluated its tax positions and believes that all of the positions taken by the Company in its federal and state tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination.  The Company returns are subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities generally for three years after they are filed. 

44 

As of January 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no unrecognized tax benefits.  Accordingly, a tabular reconciliation from beginning to ending periods is not provided.  The Company will classify any future interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense if incurred.  To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged or accrued in relation to unrecognized tax benefits. 
   
 The Company does not anticipate that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next twelve months. 
   
 In September 2013, the Company s sole shareholder and former President sold all of his common stock, which represented 94.5% of the Company s issued and outstanding stock, to the Company s new president. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Code Section 382, an ownership change of greater than 50% triggers certain limits to the corporation s right to use its net operating loss (NOL) carryovers each year thereafter to an annual percentage of the fair market value of the corporation at the time of the ownership change. The Company determined that the ownership change will limit the Company to utilize $15,616 of the $41,828 of NOL s it incurred prior to the ownership change.   
   
 The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by the federal and state tax authorities for years ended April 30, 2013 through 2016.   
   
   NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
   
 Management has reviewed material events subsequent of the quarterly period ended April 30, 2016 and prior to the filing of financial statements in accordance with FASB ASC 855  Subsequent Events .   
   
 On May 9, 2016, we entered into RDW SPA 2 with RDW wherein RDW committed to lend us up to $367,500 in convertible notes in four tranches with proceeds totaling $350,000 (net of $27,500 of OID) as follows: (i) $100,000 (net of $5,000 of OID) which it invested on May 13, 2016, (ii) $50,000 (net of $2,500 of OID) which it invested on May 20, 2016, (iii) $100,000 on June 13, 2016, which has yet to be received, and (iv) $100,000 on July 13, 2016. 
   
 In connection with the RDW Purchase Agreement, on May 13, 2016, we issued to RDW, an eight percent (8%) convertible note in the principal amount of $105,000, in exchange for RDW s investment of $100,000 ( RDW Note 4 ) (net of $5,000 of OID). Out of the proceeds from RDW Note 4, we paid the sum of $7,500 to RDW s legal counsel, and paid $10,000 to CTC. Pursuant to the terms of the RDW SPA 2and our agreement with CTC, we received net proceeds of $82,500 from RDW Note 4.  
   
 In connection with the RDW SPA 2, on May 20, 2016, we issued a second convertible note to RDW with  the  principal  amount  of  $52,500  ( RDW  Note 5 ) in  exchange  for  RDW s  investment of $50,000 (net of $2,500 of OID). Out of the proceeds from RDW Note 5, we paid the sum of $5,000 to CTC, as the placement agent pursuant to the terms of our agreement with CTC. After payment of this amount, we received net proceeds of $45,000 from RDW Note 5.  
   
 RDW converted $10,624 of convertible note principal into 13,863,185 shares of common stock. With this conversion, RDW Note 1 and RDW Note 2 principal were reduced to $151,876. 
   
 LG converted $13,034 of convertible note principal and interest into 775,844 shares of common stock. With this conversion, the LG Note has been paid in full. 
   
 Black Forrest converted $14,200 of convertible note principal into 3,392,858 shares of common stock. With this conversion, the Black Forrest Note principle balance was reduced to $5,300.  
   
 On May 17, 2016, the Company received a refund of $26,530 against a previous payment classified as prepaid inventory. 

45 

ITEM 9:  
    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND   FINANCIAL   DISCLOSURE         

None. 
   
  ITEM 9A:               CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 As of April 30, 2016, under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a   15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Sec. 240.13a-15 or 240.15d-15 the disclosure controls and procedures have been found to be ineffective. 
   
 The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports filed under the securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
  (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
   
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies face additional limitations.  Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties.  Smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 
   
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2016. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control   Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting has not been effective due to the following material weaknesses: 
   
 (1)      Lack of segregation of duties .  Management has found it necessary to limit the Company s administrative staffing in order to conserve cash, until the Company s level of business activity increases. As a result, there is limited segregation of duties amongst the employees, and the Company has identified this as a material weakness in the Company s internal controls. The Company intends to remedy this material weakness by hiring additional employees and reallocating duties, including responsibilities for financial reporting, among the employees as soon as there are sufficient resources available. However, until such time, this material weakness will continue to exist. Despite the limited number of employees and limited segregation of duties, management believes that the Company is capable of following its disclosure controls and procedures effectively. 
   
 (2)      Lack of in-house US GAAP Expertise.   Our current accounting personnel perform adequately in the basic accounting and recordkeeping function.  However, our operations and business practices include complex technical accounting issues that are outside the routine basic functions.  These technical accounting issues are complex and require significant expertise to ensure that the accounting and reporting are accurate and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  

46 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which permanently exempts non-accelerated filers (generally issuers with a public float under $75 million) from complying with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
   
  (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B:  
      OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 
   
    PART III  
   
    ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
   
  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS   
   
 The following table presents information with respect to our officers, directors and significant employees as of April 30, 2016: 

Name 
   Age 
   Position 
  
   Paul Feldman  
   52  
   Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, Director 

Biographical Information Regarding Officers and Directors  
   
 Mr. Feldman has served as our sole Director, President, CEO and CFO since February 1, 2015. From  October 2011 to January 29, 2015, Mr. Feldman served as President of Cobra Xtreme Video, Inc. which sold video cameras to consumers and had sales in excess of $300,000 Prior to that, Mr. Feldman had  been an officer and director of a publicly traded company.  From 2001 through August 2009, Mr. Feldman served as President and a Director of Law Enforcement Associates, Inc. (LEA) whose common stock was previously listed on the OTCBB and the American Stock Exchange.  LEA was in the business of manufacturing surveillance products and audio intelligent devices which were sold to the military and law enforcement.  In his last year at LEA, Mr. Feldman helped LEA increase its net sales to over $10,000,000. In addition, Mr. Feldman was a named inventor on multiple patents relating to video surveillance 
   
  Term of Office  
   
 All of our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and are elected or appointed to serve until the next Board of Directors meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders.  Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by the Board. 
      
    Significant Employees   
   
 At the present time, we have only one employee, our President, Mr. Paul Feldman who is compensation is $3,000 per month pursuant to an oral agreement with the Company.  

47 

Family Relationships  
   
 There are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 
     
  Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  
   
 To the best of our knowledge, during the past five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present director (or person nominated to become director), executive officer, founder, promoter or control person: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.  
   
  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  
   
 Section 16 of the Exchange Act requires our Directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and reports of changes in beneficial ownership (Forms 4 and 5) of our Common Stock and our other equity securities. Officers, Directors, and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC s regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.  
   
 Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 furnished to the company under Rule 16a-3(e) of the Securities Exchange Act during its most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 furnished to the company with respect to its most recent fiscal year and any written representations received by the company from persons required to file such forms, the following persons   either officers, directors or beneficial owners of more than ten percent of any class of equity of the company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act   failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal year or prior fiscal years: 

# of Late Reports 
        # of Transactions 
 Not Timely Reported 
        # of Failures to File 
 a Required Report 
  
   Paul Feldman 
        0 
        0 
        1 

Code of Ethics  
   
 We have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code.  To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no reported violations of the Code of Ethics. 
   
  Whistleblower Procedures Policy  
   
 In accordance with the requirements of Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Whistleblower Procedures Policy, stating that all employees of the Company are strongly encouraged to report any evidence of financial irregularities which they may become aware of, including those with respect to internal controls, accounting or auditing matters.  Under the Whistleblower Procedures Policy, the management of the Company shall promptly and periodically communicate to all employees with access to accounting, payroll and financial information the means by which they may report any such irregularities.  In the event an employee is uncomfortable for any reason reporting irregularities to his or her supervisor or other management of the Company, employees may report directly to any member of the Board of Directors of the Company.  The identity of any employee reporting under these procedures will be maintained as confidential at the request of the employee, or may be made on an anonymous basis.  Notice must be provided to all of the Company s employees with access to accounting, payroll and financial information in respect of these procedures. 

48 

The Company does not have any Committees of the Board 
   
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
   
  Director Independence  
   
 We are not listed on a major U.S. securities exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those related to the independence of directors. Upon our listing on any national securities exchange or any inter-dealer quotation system, we will elect such independent directors as is necessary under the rules of any such securities exchange. 
   
  Board Leadership Structure   
   
 We currently have one executive officer who is also a Director. Our Board has reviewed the Company s current Board leadership structure. In light of the Company s size, nature of the Company s business, regulatory framework under which the Company operates, stockholder base, the Company s peer group and other relevant factors, the Company has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership structure for our company. Nevertheless, the Board intends to carefully evaluate from time to time whether our current structure should be modified based on what the Board believes is best for the Company and our stockholders. 
   
  Board Role in Risk Oversight   
   
 Risk is inherent in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including strategic risks, enterprise risks, financial risks, and regulatory risks. While our management is responsible for day to day management of various risks we face, the Board, as a whole, is responsible for evaluating our exposure to risk and to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Board reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board also has oversight responsibility with respect to the integrity of the Company s financial reporting process and systems of internal control regarding finance and accounting, as well as its financial statements.  
   
  Audit Committee  
   
 The Board does not currently have a standing Audit Committee. The full Board performs the principal functions of the Audit Committee. The full Board monitors our financial reporting process and internal control system and reviews and appraises the audit efforts of our independent accountants. 
   
  Compensation Committee  
   
 The Board does not currently have a standing Compensation Committee. The full Board establishes our overall compensation policies and reviews recommendations submitted by our management. 
   
  Nominating Committee  
   
 The Board does not currently have a standing Nominating Committee. We do not maintain a policy for considering nominees. Our Bylaws provides that the number of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by the Board, but in no event shall be less than the minimum required by law. The Board of Directors shall be large enough to maintain our required expertise but not too large to function efficiently. Director nominees are recommended, reviewed and approved by the entire Board. The Board believes that this process is appropriate due to the relatively small number of directors on the Board and the opportunity to benefit from a variety of opinions and perspectives in determining director nominees by involving the full Board. 

49 

While the Board is solely responsible for the selection and nomination of directors, the Board may consider nominees recommended by stockholders as it deems appropriate. The Board evaluates each potential nominee in the same manner regardless of the source of the potential nominee s recommendation. Although we do not have a policy regarding diversity, the Board does take into consideration the value of diversity among Board members in background, experience, education and perspective in considering potential nominees for recommendation to the Board for selection. Stockholders who wish to recommend a nominee should send nominations to our President, Paul Feldman, 130 Iowa Lane, Suite 102, Cary, NC 27511, that includes all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors. The recommendation must be accompanied by a written consent of the individual to stand for election if nominated by the Board and to serve if elected. 
   
  Compensation Consultants  
   
 We have not historically relied upon the advice of compensation consultants in determining Named Executive Officer compensation. Instead, the full Board reviews compensation levels and makes adjustments based on their personal knowledge of competition in the market place, publicly available information and informal surveys of human resource professionals. 
   
  Stockholder Communications  
   
 Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board may do so by addressing their correspondence to the Board at Force Protection Video Equipment Corp., Attention: Paul Feldman, 130 Iowa Lane, Suite 102, Cary, NC 27511. The Board shall review and respond to all correspondence received, as appropriate. 

ITEM 11:  
    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Executive Compensation  
   
 The following table sets forth compensation for each of the past two fiscal years with respect to each person who served as an Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100,000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years. 
   
  Summary Compensation Table  

(1)  Mr. Feldman became the Company's Director, President, Secretary, Chief Executive officer and Chief Financial Officer on February 1, 2015. On November 24, 2015, the Company and Mr. Feldman entered into an employment agreement. Pursuant to Mr. Feldman s Employment Agreement, he is entitled to an annual salary of $100,000 for a term of 2 years. We may award our officers and directors shares of common stock or stock purchase options as non-cash compensation as determined by the Board of Directors from time to time.  
   
  Director Compensation  
   
 For the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the directors were not awarded any options or paid any cash compensation. 

50 

ITEM 12:  
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    

The following table sets forth certain information as of April 30, 2016 by (i) all persons who are known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each director, director nominee, and Named Executive Officer; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group: 

(1)  
 Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of Company preferred stock and common stock. Except as indicated the address of each beneficial owner is 130 Iowa Lane, Suite 102, Cary, NC 27511.  
   
  (2)  
 Calculated pursuant to rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership is calculated based on 40,525,595 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of April 30, 2016. Each share of preferred stock is entitled to vote on all matters submitted to the Company's stockholders and are entitled to such number of votes as is equal to 200,000 times the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock such holder owns. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of common stock. Under Rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act, shares not outstanding which are subject to options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. 
   
  (3)  
 Calculated based on 40,525,595 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, with common stock equivalent voting rights of 200:1, issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2016. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on all matters submitted to the Company's stockholders.  
   
  Potential Changes in Control  
   
 At the present time, there are no arrangements known, including any pledge by any person of securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 
     
  Stock Option Plan Information  
   
 To date, the Company has not adopted a Stock Option Plan.  The Company may adopt an option plan in the future. 

51 

Adverse Interests  
   
 The Company is not aware of any material proceeding to which any director, officer, or affiliate of the Company, or any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of the Company s voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

ITEM 13:  
    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS  
   
 Except as otherwise disclosed herein, since the beginning of the last fiscal year the Company has not entered into any other transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was, or is, to be a participant and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
   
 During the past five years, none of the following occurred with respect to any founder, promoter or control person: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

ITEM 14:  
    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   

Audit Fees  
 The aggregate fees of Baum   Company, P.A. for professional services rendered for the audit of the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of interim financial statements included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the year ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, totaled $19,950 and $12,300, respectively.  
   
  Audit Related Fees  
   
 The Company did not pay any audit-related fees for the year ended April 30, 2016 and 2015 which are not disclosed in  Audit Fees  above. 
   
  Tax Fees  
   
 There were no tax fees billed by Baum   Company, P.A for tax compliance for the year ended April 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  All Other Fees  
   
 There were no other fees billed for services other than those described above for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Audit Committee Pre Approval Policies  
   
 Our sole Director reviewed the audit and non audit services rendered by Baum   Company, P.A during the periods set forth above and concluded that such services were compatible with maintaining the auditors  independence. All audit and non audit services performed by our independent accountants are pre approved by our Board of Directors to assure that such services do not impair the auditors  independence from us. 

52 

EXPLANATORY NOTE  
 We are filing this Amendment No. 2 on Form 10K/A to our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2106 to include Exhibit 31.1 which was not included in the previous filing.  
   
  PART IV  

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.   
   
  (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K:  

1. Financial Statements  
   
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2016 and 2015 
   
 Statements of Operations for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015 
   
 Statements of Stockholders  Deficit for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015 
   
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30 and 2015 
   
 Notes to Financial Statements 
   
    2. Exhibits   
   
  The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index, which appears immediately following the signature page, are incorporated herein by reference, and are filed as part of this Form 10-K.  
   
  3. Financial Statement Schedules  
   
  Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the financial statements or notes described in Item 15(a)(1) above.  

53 

SIGNATURES   
   
  Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

Force Protection Video Equipment Corp.   
  
        (Registrant) 

December 23, 2016 
   By:   /s/ Paul Feldman   
  
        Paul Feldman 
  
        Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director, (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the Requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
   
 Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. 

December 23, 2016 
   By:   /s/ Paul Feldman   
  
        Paul Feldman 
  
        Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director, (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

54 

Exhibit Index  
   
  Exhibit No.  
  Description of Exhibit  

55 

101.INS** 
        XBRL Instance Document 
  
   101.SCH** 
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Schema Document 
  
   101.CAL** 
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Calculation Linkbase Document 
  
   101.DEF** 
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Definition Linkbase Document 
  
   101.LAB** 
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Label Linkbase Document 
  
   101.PRE** 
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Presentation Linkbase Document 

* Filed herewith 
 ** Furnished herewith. XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
   
  (1)  Incorporated by reference to Form S-1 filed on February 22, 2016 
  (2)  Incorporated by reference to Form S-1/A filed on March 11, 2016 
  (3)  Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2016 
  (4)  Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2015 

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibit 31.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 I, Paul Feldman, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. (the  Registrant  
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. 
 As the registrant s certifying officer I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c)  
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d)  
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. 
 As the registrant's certifying officer I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: 
  December 23, 2016 
 By   /s/ Paul Feldman   
 Paul Feldman 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief  
               Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit3212.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibit 32.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with the Annual Report of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, I, Paul Feldman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 
   
 (1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
   
 (2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. 

December 23, 2016 
   By:   /s/ Paul Feldman   
  
        Paul Feldman 
  
        Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director, (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

