<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161220_10-Q_edgar_data_1626644_0001683168-16-001000_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>814176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99855</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>60609</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>164685</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>234108</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>227811</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-001000.hdr.sgml : 20161220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161220171847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-001000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odyssey Group International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				471022125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200785
		FILM NUMBER:		162062152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4262 BLUE DIAMOND ROAD, SUITE 102-281
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-751-1418

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4262 BLUE DIAMOND ROAD, SUITE 102-281
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-001000.txt : 20161220

10-Q
 1
 odyssey_10q-103116.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended October 31,
2016  

  or  

For the transition period from            to            
..  

Commission
File No.     333-200785   

 ____________________________________ 

  Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)  

  ____________________________________ 

Nevada   
       
      47-1022125   

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

4262 Blue Diamond Road, Suite 102-281  

  Las Vegas, Nevada 89139  

  (702) 751-1418  

  (Address and Telephone Number, Including
Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices)  

  ____________________________________ 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
       
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
       
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x  

114,750,000 shares of common stock, par value
$.001 per share, outstanding as of December 20, 2016 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  For the Quarter Ended October 31, 2016

INDEX  

Page    
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1  
      Financial Statements  
      3   

Balance Sheets  
      3   

Statements of Operations  
      4   

Statements of Cash Flows  
      5   

Notes to Financial Statements  
      6   
 
      Item 2  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      8   
 
      Item 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      11   
 
      Item 4  
      Controls and Procedures  
      11   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings  
      13   
 
      Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
      13   
 
      Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      22   
 
      Item 3  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      22   
 
      Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      22   
 
      Item 5  
      Other Information  
      22   
 
      Item 6  
      Exhibits  
      22   
 
      Signatures  
      23   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements    

Odyssey Group International, Inc.   

  Balance Sheets  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  Statement of Operations  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  Statement of Cash Flows  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.   

  Notes to Financial Statements   

The accompanying financial information of  Odyssey Group International,
Inc.  as of and for the period ended October 31, 2016, has been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to interim financial information and is unaudited. Accordingly, certain information
normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States has been condensed and/or omitted. For further information, please refer to the audited financial statements of the Company
for the year ended July 31, 2016 and the notes thereto reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K previously filed
with the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included (consisting
of normal recurring adjustments). The results for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for the full year. 

1. Nature of Operations  

 The Company is a trans-disciplinary health
and wellness product development Company involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of a broad range of health
and wellness products to improve human health. The Company has developed, and subsequent to July 31, 2014, begun marketing a product
to provide athletic enhancement products to improve the human body s function during athletic stress (Note 7). In February
2016, the Company entered into distribution agreements to sell and distribute two new technologies, CardioMap  and JadeCool
towels. CardioMap  is an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. JadeCool towels use natural
jade mineral with a microfiber technology, which is designed to lower the ambient skin temperature when the towel is used. As of
September 2016, the company has begun the research and development of an auto fuel additive, Project ALPHA . This product
is a premier fuel additive, designed specifically for on track use, though standard road use has proven safe and effective. Project ALPHA 
allows the user to use standard 91 Octane fuel for on track use with increased performance. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Use of estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) generally requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Basis of accounting   

 The Company has not elected to adopt the option available under
GAAP to measure any of its eligible financial instruments or other items. Accordingly, the Company measures all of its assets and
liabilities on the historical cost basis of accounting unless otherwise required by GAAP. 

Accounts Receivable   

 Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less
an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts, if deemed necessary by management. An allowance for doubtful accounts is based on
a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, by identifying
troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts was considered
necessary by management as of October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016. 

Property and Equipment, Net    

 Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. For the three months ended October
31, 2016, $138 of depreciation expense was recognized. 

Net loss per share   

 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents.
No fully diluted loss per share is presented, because it would be anti-dilutive. 

Revenue recognition   

 The Company recognizes revenue generally when products are shipped
to its customers. Sales terms do not include significant rights of return. 

3. Product distribution rights  

 The Company purchased distribution rights to sell and distribute
a new technology, CardioMap , which is an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. The product
distribution rights are amortized over the life of the distribution contract. 

4. Notes Payable  

As of October 31, 2016, the Company has entered into multiple
convertible promissory notes, which fully mature one year from issuance. The notes currently held by the Company mature on or
before April 2017, and bear interest at 12.0% annually, and the remaining unpaid balance is convertible upon maturity at the holder s
option into shares of common stock at a conversion price fixed at $0.25 per share. As of October 31, 2016, these notes have a
balance of $38,500 and may be converted into 154,000 shares of common stock upon maturity. Because the conversion feature does
not meet the criteria for characterization as a beneficial conversion feature, no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of
the note was accounted for as attributable to the conversion feature. 

As of October 31, 2016, the Company has a note payable that is subject
to periodic payments that come due based on sales. The note fully matures in January 2017, bears interest at 12.5% annually, and
the remaining unpaid balance is convertible upon maturity at the holder s option into shares of common stock at a conversion
price fixed at $0.01 per share. As of October 31, 2016, the note has a balance of $157,638 and may be converted into 15,763,800
shares of common stock upon maturity. Because the conversion feature does not meet the criteria for characterization as a beneficial
conversion feature, no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the note was accounted for as attributable to the conversion
feature. 

5. Fair Value Measurements  

 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents and notes payable
approximate their estimated fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

6. Income Taxes  

 As of October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, the Company has net deferred
tax assets of $155,326 and $137,171 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards that expire in 2035 and 2034 net of an effective
offsetting valuation allowance of 100%. The Company has established the valuation allowance because due to substantial uncertainty
as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern (Note 7), it is more likely than not at this time that the deferred
tax assets will not be realized within the carryforward period. 

7. Going Concern  

The Company has not realized any revenues
for the three months ended October 31, 2016. The Company developed and commercialized a formula in fiscal year 2015, Fit, which
is intended to improve the human body s function during athletic stress, and is expected to have further sales of this product
in 2017. In August 2014, the Company entered into a distribution agreement for its product, Fit, and began to record its first
sales of this product in the year ended July 31, 2015, but it continued to incur losses. In February 2016, the Company also entered
into two distribution agreements to sell and distribute new technologies, CardioMap  and JadeCool towels. The Company realized
its first sales of CardioMap  and JadeCool units in 2016. In September 2016, the company began the research and development
of an automobile fuel additive, Project ALPHA . This product is a premier fuel additive, designed specifically for on track
use, though standard road use has proven safe and effective. Project ALPHA  allows the use of standard 91 Octane fuel on
track with increased performance. As a result of these events, the Company has an operating deficit of $443,788 as of October
31, 2016. Also, on August 4, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to register for international business operations,
including selection of an international manufacturer of the Company s product. The Company intends to continue domestic
operations and approach other domestic distributors to sell its products. The Company is also reviewing its business model to
distribute product on its own. These factors indicate substantial uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans to overcome this uncertainty may include a new marketing strategy, which may be based
on informal networking and marketing efforts through cost effective social media outlets, rather than using more traditional marketing
strategies in the industry ( i.e.  infomercials and commercials). The Company may also have to consider focusing solely on
the current product to market, sell, and distribute and may not be able to research and develop other product possibilities that
may be presented to the Company. 

8. Subsequent event  

 In November 2016, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement
with Insane Power Las Vegas, Inc., in which the Company intends to research, develop, sell and distribute a fuel additive product,
and provide capital for the joint venture operations for custom car manufacturing and product sales. In addition, Insane Power
Las Vegas, Inc. contributes its custom engine technology for custom car manufacturing and operational and industry expertise for
10,000,000 shares of restricted Preferred Stock that is vested equally over 5 years. 

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements
that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this prospectus
regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and
objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will, 
 would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We have included important risks and uncertainties
in the cautionary statements included in this prospectus, particularly the section titled  Risk Factors  incorporated
by reference herein. We believe these risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements that we make. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions, projections or expectations prove incorrect, actual results, performance or financial condition may vary materially
and adversely from those anticipated, estimated or expected. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments that we may make. We do not assume any obligation
to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. In the light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed
in this prospectus may not occur, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements. 

Overview  

We have a deficit of $443,788 as of October
31, 2016. For the foreseeable future, we expect to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from operations
as our management executes our current business plan. The cash and cash equivalents available at October 31, 2016 and the revenue
from the sales of our products may not provide sufficient working capital to meet our current operating expenses through July 31,
2017; however, we continue to cut overhead expenses and intend to grow our business product line and are working to grow the business
internationally. We will need to raise additional capital through a debt financing or equity offering to meet our operating and
capital needs. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in our fundraising efforts or that additional funds
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital
by July 31, 2017, we will adjust our current business plan to rely upon a new marketing strategy based on verbal networking and
marketing efforts through cost effective social media outlets, rather than using more traditional marketing strategies in the
industry (i.e. infomercials and commercials).We may also have to consider focusing solely on our current products, Fit, CardioMap ,
and JadeCool towels to market, sell, and distribute and would not be able to research and develop other product possibilities
that may present themselves to the Company. If no additional capital is available, we may also be forced to curtail purchase of
inventory of our products, which would eliminate all of our sales revenue. 

Going Concern  

Our registered independent accounting firm,
Piercy Bowler Taylor   Kern, has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report
for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 based on the fact that we do not have adequate working capital to finance our day-to-day
operations. The Company has not realized revenues for the three months ended October 31, 2016. The Company developed and commercialized
a formula in fiscal year 2015, Fit, which is designed to improve the human body s function during athletic stress, and is
expected to have further sales of this product in 2017. In August 2014, the Company entered into a distribution agreement for its
product, Fit, and began to record its first sales of this product in the year ended July 31, 2015, but it continued to incur losses.
In February 2016, the Company also entered into two distribution agreements to sell and distribute new technologies, CardioMap 
and JadeCool towels. CardioMap  is an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. JadeCool towels
use natural jade mineral with a microfiber technology, which is designed to lower the ambient skin temperature when the towel is
used. The Company realized its first sales of CardioMap  and JadeCool units in 2016. In September 2016, the company began the
research and development of an automobile fuel additive, Project ALPHA . This product is a premier fuel additive, designed
specifically for on track use, though standard road use has proven safe and effective. Project ALPHA  allows the use of standard
91 Octane fuel on track with increased performance. The Company also entered into a joint venture agreement in November 2016 with
Insane Power Vegas, Inc., which specializes in custom car manufacturing. As a result of these events, the Company has an operating
deficit of $443,788 as of October 31, 2016. Also, on August 4, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to register
for international business operations, including selection of an international manufacturer of the Company s product. The
Company intends to continue domestic operations and approach other domestic distributors to sell its products. The Company is also
reviewing its business model to distribute product on its own. These factors indicate substantial uncertainty about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to overcome this uncertainty may include a new marketing strategy,
which may be based on informal networking and marketing efforts through cost effective social media outlets, rather than using
more traditional marketing strategies in the industry ( i.e.  infomercials and commercials). The Company may also have to
consider focusing solely on the current product to market, sell, and distribute and may not be able to research and develop other
product possibilities that may be presented to the Company. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

There are no critical accounting policies or
estimates reflected in the accompanying financial statements. Reference is made to the Company s significant (but not critical)
accounting policies set forth in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements  

New standards have been issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) that are not yet effective but that are not expected to have any significant effect on the Company s
financial statements when adopted in the future. However, new standards that may have an effect primarily on future financial statement
disclosures are those specifically regarding revenue recognition (ASU 2014-09) and going concern uncertainties (ASU 2014-15). The
Company will adopt both of these pronouncements when they become effective for reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016. 

The Company presently expects to recognize revenue
only upon shipment of its products to distributors or other buyers with no characteristics associated with the transactions that
require the application of significant management judgments that could affect revenue recognition such as significant return rights,
licensing or other customer contracts, multiple element price allocations, deferred payment terms or product delivery schedules,
or contingent or variable consideration arrangements that are dependent upon the occurrence or nonoccurrence of certain specified
future events. Accordingly, its revenue recognition practices are expected to be the same both before and after adoption of the
new FASB standard, and management does not expect to make any retroactive adjustments to previously issued financial statements
upon adoption. 

The FASB s new going concern standard
will require management to make interim and annual assessments of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
one year from the issuance of the financial statements and when applicable, it prescribes specific related disclosures not presently
required. It does not change the present FASB requirement to use liquidation basis as an alternative to going concern accounting
whenever liquidation is imminent.  

Results of Operations  

Revenue  

Revenue is mainly derived from product sales
of the following products: a health supplement product called Fit and a heart scanning technology called CardioMap . 

The Company began marketing Fit as a health
supplement to provide athletic enhancement to improve the human body s function during athletic stress. CardioMap  is
an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. 

For the quarter ended October 31, 2016, the
Company did not have sales of product, which is due to its only distributor overstocking the Company s product in the previous
quarter. For the quarter ended October 31, 2015, the Company did not have sales of product, due to the termination of its distributor
at that time. The Company entered into a distribution agreement for CardioMap  in February 2016 and had its first sales of
the product in the year ended July 31, 2016. In September 2016, the company began the research and development of an automobile
fuel additive, Project ALPHA . This product will be a premier fuel additive, designed specifically for on track use, though
standard road use has proven safe and effective. Project ALPHA  would allow the use of standard 91 Octane fuel on track with
increased performance. The Company also entered into a joint venture agreement in November 2016 with Insane Power Vegas, Inc.,
which specializes in custom car manufacturing. These events are expected to add to revenue in future periods, but there can be
no assurance, however, that we will be successful in our development of the product and or its sales volume. 

Costs of Goods Sold  

Our cost of goods sold consists primarily
of the amounts paid to a third-party manufacturer for the product we purchased for resale. 

 . 

 The Company did not have costs of goods sold for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. This
is due to the Company having no sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. The Company did not realize sales for
the three months ended October 31 2016 due to its only distributor overstocking the Company s products. The Company did not
realize sales for the three months ended October 31, 2015 due to the termination of its only product distributor at that time. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin  

For the three months ended October 31, 2016
and 2015 there was no gross profit. The company did not realize gross profit for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015
due to the Company not realizing sales revenue or cost of sales in these periods due to the Company only distributor overstocking
its product in the previous quarter 2016 and due to the termination of the Company s only product distributor in 2015. 

Our gross margin will continue to be affected
by a variety of factors that include the volume of sales as the Company transitions into an international business model as well
as the costs of goods sold may be affected as the Company intends to engage international third party manufacturers for its product. 

Operating Expenses  

Our operating expenses consists primarily of
research and development on its product, Project ALPHA,  and general and administrative expenses, which include salaries and
legal and professional fees associated with the costs for services or employees in finance, accounting, sales, administrative activities
and the formation and compliance of a public company.  

Overall operating expenses increased by $21,246
or 86% from the three months ended October 31, 2015 to the three months ended October 31, 2016. The increase in operating expenses
is mainly due to research and development expenses incurred on Project ALPHA  for the three months ended October 31, 2016. 

Loss from Operations  

Loss from operations increased from a loss
of $24,994 for the three months ended October 31, 2015 to a loss of $51,870 for the three months ended October 31, 2016. The loss
for the three months ended October 31, 2015 is primarily due to the Company terminating its agreement with its only distributor
at that time, which resulted in zero sales for the quarter. The loss for the three months ended October 31, 2016 is mainly due
to the Company not realizing any sales for the period due to the Company s only distributor overstocking its product in the
previous quarter, and also the research and development costs of Project ALPHA.  

Interest expense  

Interest expense was $5,961 for the three months
ended October 31, 2016 and $311 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The increase in interest expense is attributed to
the Company taking on further debt financing instruments over the past year. 

Cash flows  

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 as presented below: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

To date, we have financed our operations
primarily through debt financing and limited sales of our common stock. During fiscal year 2015, we paid down our note payables
by $221,667. During 2016 we borrowed on the note payable to purchase distribution rights to CardioMap  and fund further operations.
As of October 31, 2016 the note has a balance of $157,638. In addition, for the year ended July 31, 2016 we entered into convertible
promissory notes for $35,000. As of October 31, 2016, these notes payable have a balance of $38,500. As of October 31, 2016 and
July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $610 and $2,181, respectively. We do not believe that such cash is sufficient
to sustain operations through the next 12 months. Therefore, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital through
debt or equity financings. 

Our ability to continue to access capital could
be affected adversely by various factors, including general market and other economic conditions, interest rates, the perception
of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, any unwillingness on the part of lenders to make loans to us and any deterioration
in the financial position of lenders that might make them unable to meet their obligations to us. If these conditions continue
and we cannot raise funds through a public or private debt financing, or an equity offering, our ability to grow our business may
be negatively affected. In such case, our company may need to suspend any purchase of Fit inventory and/or the creation of new
athletic enhancement products until market conditions improve. 

On April 1, 2014, we issued a  Secured
Participating Promissory Note  (the  Note ) to Vivakor, Inc. in the amount of $230,000 plus simple interest
of 12.5% per annum that shall become due and payable on January 1, 2016. The Note entitles Vivakor, Inc. to a payment of 2% of
all gross sales until repayment or conversion (until the total sum of all payments made to the Holder equals two times the original
principal amount of the Note). The Note was secured by a pledge of our equipment, general intangibles and intellectual property.
On January 1, 2017, the Note may be converted into shares of the Company at $0.01 per share. As of October 31, 2016, the Note
has a balance of $157,638. 

Inflation  

Inflation generally will cause suppliers to
increase their rates. In connection with such rate increases, we may or may not be able to increase our pricing to consumers. Inflation
could cause both our investment and cost of goods sold to increase, thereby lowering our return on investment and depressing our
gross margins. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

Our company has no material off balance sheet
arrangements. 

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We are a smaller reporting company and are not
required to provide information under this item. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, we have conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective such that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission
reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating
to our company, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. 

Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Management recognizes that there are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements.
In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions
or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.  

A material weakness is a significant deficiency,
or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our president, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of October
31, 2016, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our evaluation under this framework, we concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. 

We assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: 

Insufficient Resources:  We have
an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate Segregation of Duties:  We
have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

Lack of Audit Committee:  We do
not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures. 

We are committed to improving the internal
controls and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist the Company with
accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts, which
will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel, and (3) may consider appointing additional
outside directors and audit committee members in the future. 

We have discussed the material weakness noted
above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than
remote likelihood that misstatements, which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements, could occur that would
not be prevented or detected. 

This report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject
to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide
only our report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings    

Our company is not a party to any legal proceeding. 

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors    

An investment in our common stock is highly
speculative, involves a high degree of risk and should be made only by investors who can afford a complete loss. You should carefully
consider the following risk factors, together with the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements
and the related notes, before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, then our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading of our common stock could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment therein.  

Risks Relating to our Business  

We are at an emerging operational stage, and our success is
subject to the substantial risks inherent in the operation of an emerging business venture.   

The execution of our business strategy is in
an emerging stage. Our business and operations should be considered to be in an emerging stage and subject to all of the risks
inherent in the operation of an emerging business venture. Our intended business and operations may not prove to be successful
in the future, if at all. Any future success that we might enjoy will depend on many factors, several of which may be beyond our
control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in our company. 

We have no significant operating history, which, together
with several other factors set forth below, creates substantial uncertainty about future results and our ability to continue as
a going concern.    

Our company was formed in March 2014, and we
do not have a significant operating history. This lack of operating history makes the prediction of future operating results difficult
if not impossible. Our proposed operations are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of
our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the growth of an early stage business. There is a substantial risk of failure associated with any new business
strategy as a result of problems encountered in connection with the commencement of new operations. Such problems include but are
not limited to the entry of new competition and unknown or unexpected additional costs and expenses that may exceed estimates. 

To succeed, we must do
most, if not all, of the following: 

raise corporate equity to support our operating costs and to have sufficient funds to develop, market and sell our products;  

locate strategic licensing and commercialization partners;  

continue to identify and establish relationships with customers and distributors;  

attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified management and sales personnel;  

successfully execute our business strategies;  

respond appropriately and timely to competitive developments; and  

develop, enhance, promote and carefully manage our corporate identity.  

Our business will suffer if we are unable to
accomplish these and other important business objectives. We are uncertain as to when, or whether, we will fully implement our
contemplated business plan and strategy or become profitable. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Financial Statements and the Audit
Report for further detail. 

We may have difficulty raising additional capital, which could
deprive us of the resources necessary to implement our business plan, which would adversely affect our business, results of operation
and financial condition.    

We expect to continue devoting significant capital
resources to fund research and development and marketing. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan,
we will need to raise additional funds through the sale of assets, public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships
or other arrangements. If our operations expand faster or at a higher rate than currently anticipated, we may require additional
capital sooner than we expect. We also may need to raise additional funds sooner to fund more rapid expansion or the development
or enhancement of athletic enhancement products, services, capabilities and systems. We are unable to provide any assurance or
guarantee that additional capital will be available when needed by our company or that such capital will be available under terms
acceptable to our company or on a timely basis. 

Our ability to raise additional financing depends
on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and the development
or prospects for development of competitive products by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock market,
many investors may not be willing or allowed to purchase it or may demand steep discounts. If additional funds are raised through
the issuance of equity, convertible debt or similar securities of our company, the percentage of ownership of our company by our
company s stockholders will be reduced, our company s stockholders may experience additional dilution upon conversion,
and such securities may have rights or preferences senior to those of our common stock. The preferential rights granted to the
providers of such additional financing may include preferential rights to payments of dividends, super voting rights, a liquidation
preference, protective provisions preventing certain corporate actions without the consent of the fund providers, or a combination
thereof. We are unable to provide any assurance that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 

If we are unable to raise sufficient capital,
then we intend to continue to sell the Fit product but will scale back our marketing efforts by reducing our use of paid marketing
channels. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our expansion, take
advantage of potential opportunities, develop or enhance athletic enhancement products, services, capabilities and systems or otherwise
respond to competitive pressures would be limited significantly. We will also scale back or delay implementation of research and
development of new products and look for other types of vertical integration at a cheaper rate. Thus, the unavailability of capital
could harm substantially our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The capital requirements necessary to implement our business
plan initiatives could pose additional risks to our business and stockholders.    

We require additional debt or equity financing to implement our
business plan and marketing strategy. Since the terms and availability of such financing depend to a large degree on general economic
conditions and third parties over which we have no control, we can give no assurance that we will obtain the needed financing or
that we will obtain such financing on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to obtain financing depends on a number of other
factors, many of which also are beyond our control, such as interest rates and national and local economic conditions. If the cost
of obtaining needed financing is too high or the terms of such financing otherwise are unacceptable in relation to the strategic
opportunity we are presented with, then we may decide to forego that opportunity. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage
and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. Additional equity
financing could result in dilution to our stockholders. 

Failure to implement our business strategy
could adversely affect our operations.    

Our financial position,
liquidity and results of operations depend on our management s ability to execute our business strategy. Key factors involved
in the execution of our business strategy include: 

achieving the desired cost of goods on inventory;  

the use of sophisticated risk management techniques and quality control testing;  

continued investment in technology to support operating efficiency; and  

continued access to significant funding and liquidity sources.  

Our failure or inability to execute any element
of our business strategy could materially adversely affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our failure to defend ourselves against
infringement litigation, if any, could harm our business.    

We could be subject to potential infringement
actions. Our company s business is  trademark intensive,  requiring us to constantly search for brands and marks
that are not already used by competitors. Claims for infringement, with or without merit and whether based on allegations that
our company s technology or its intellectual property claims infringe on the rights of others, could subject us to costly
litigation and the diversion of financial and human resources, regardless of the ultimate resolution of the claims. If such claims
are successful, we could be required to modify our products or services, create additional new trademarks, pay financial damages
or attempt to negotiate licensing arrangements with third parties. 

Our products are subject to substantial federal and state
regulations.    

Our research and development activities and
the manufacturing and marketing of our products may be subject to the laws, regulations and guidelines and, in some cases, regulatory
approvals of governmental authorities in the United States and other countries in which our products are or will be marketed. Specifically,
in the United States, the Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) regulates, among other areas, new drug and cosmetic
product approvals, over-the-counter drugs and clinical trials of new products and services to establish the proper labeling, safety
and efficacy of these products and services and the accuracy of certain marketing claims. 

The Federal Trade Commission (the  FTC ),
which in the United States exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of consumer products, has in the past several years instituted
enforcement actions against several pharmaceutical, cosmetic and dietary supplement companies and others for false and misleading
advertising of products to consumers. Enforcement actions often have resulted in consent decrees and monetary payments by the companies
involved. Although we make every reasonable effort to ensure that ample foundation exists for our marketing claims, we cannot be
certain that the FTC will not question our advertising or other activities in the future. In addition, we cannot predict whether
new legislation or regulations governing our activities will be enacted by legislative bodies or promulgated by agencies further
regulating or restricting our activities or what the effect of any such legislation or regulations would be on our business. Although
we have retained counsel to advise and assist us on issues of compliance, it is possible that regulatory changes could occur that
could detrimentally affect our ability to market and sell our products. In addition, regulatory changes could affect our advertising
in a manner that could negatively affect earnings.  Also, the FTC from time-to-time revises
its Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, or Guides. Although the Guides are not binding,
they explain how the FTC interprets Section 5 of the FTC Act s prohibition on unfair or deceptive acts or practices.
Consequently, the FTC could bring a Section 5 enforcement action based on practices that are inconsistent with the Guides.
Under the current Guides, advertisements that feature a consumer and convey his or her atypical experience with a product or service
are required to clearly disclose the results that consumers can generally expect. The revised Guides also add new examples to illustrate
the long-standing principle that  material connections  between advertisers and endorsers (such as payments or free
products), connections that consumers might not expect, must be disclosed. We have revised our marketing materials to be compliant
with the revised Guides. However, it is possible that our use of testimonials in the advertising and promotion of our products
will be significantly impacted, which might negatively impact our sales.  

Additional
or more stringent laws and regulations of dietary supplements and other products have been considered from time to time. These
developments could require the reformulation of some products to meet new standards, recalls or the discontinuance of some products
not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of some products,
additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation or other new requirements. Any of these developments could
increase our costs significantly. We may also be required to reformulate, eliminate or relabel our products and revise our marketing
and sales programs.   

Our products will not be subject to clinical trials or FDA
approval.   

When sold publicly, some of our products may
demonstrate health, safety or effectiveness concerns that may ultimately damage the commercialization of our products. If these
concerns are severe to the extent that it may not be worthwhile to pursue any one or all of the products commercially, our business
would be severely harmed. Because these types of products will not be FDA approved, the reception of our products by the general
public is unknown. Not having FDA approval of our products potentially may have a negative impact on the public s acceptance
of our products or limit our products to a niche market. Our products  effectiveness also will be highly determinative of
our reputation. If we are unable to meet the public s wants and expectations, our business would be harmed. 

We may experience product recalls,
which could reduce our sales and margin and adversely affect our results of operations.   

We may be subject to
product recalls, withdrawals or seizures if any of the products we formulate, manufacture or sell are believed to cause injury
or illness or if we are alleged to have violated governmental regulations in the manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sale or distribution
of such products. Any recall, withdrawal or seizure of any of the products we formulate, manufacture or sell would require significant
management attention, would likely result in substantial and unexpected expenditures and could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, a recall, withdrawal or seizure of any of our products
could materially and adversely affect consumer confidence in our brands and decrease demand for our products and negatively impact
our business. 

As is common in our
industry, we rely on our third party vendors and distributors to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply
with all applicable regulatory and legislative requirements as well as the integrity of ingredients and proper formulation. In
general, we seek representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However, even with adequate
insurance and indemnification, any claim of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in
our products and materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, the failure of such products
to comply with the representations and warranties regarding such products we receive from our third party vendors, including compliance
with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements, could prevent us from marketing the products or require us to recall or
remove such products from the market, which in certain cases could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operation. As a result of the indeterminable level of product substitution and reformulated product sales, we cannot
reliably determine the potential impact of any such recall or removal on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 

Our
operations could be harmed if we are found not to be in compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices.   

In the United States, FDA regulations on Good
Manufacturing Practices and Adverse Event Reporting requirements for the nutritional supplement industry require us and our vendors
to maintain good manufacturing processes, including stringent vendor qualifications, ingredient identification, manufacturing controls
and record keeping. We also are required to report serious adverse events associated with consumer use of our products. Our operations
could be harmed if regulatory authorities make determinations that we, or our vendors, are not in compliance with these regulations
or public reporting of adverse events harms our reputation for quality and safety. A finding of noncompliance may result in administrative
warnings, penalties or actions impacting our ability to continue selling certain products. In addition, compliance with these regulations
has increased and may further increase the cost of manufacturing certain of our products as we work with our vendors to assure
that they are qualified and in compliance. 

The loss of or nonperformance of suppliers or shortages in
ingredients could harm our business.    

We do not expect to manufacture many of our
products and will engage third party contractors to provide manufacturing services. If our contractors do not operate in accordance
with regulatory requirements and quality standards, then our business will suffer. 

We acquire ingredients and products from third
party suppliers and manufacturers. A loss of any of these suppliers and any difficulty in finding or transitioning to alternative
suppliers could harm our business. We obtain some of our products from sole suppliers that own or control the product formulations,
ingredients or other intellectual property rights associated with such products. If we experience supply shortages or regulatory
impediments with respect to the raw materials and ingredients we use in our products, we may need to seek alternative supplies
or suppliers and may experience difficulties in finding ingredients that are comparable in quality and price. If we are unable
to respond successfully to such issues, our business could be harmed. 

Production difficulties, quality control problems and inaccurate
forecasting could harm our business.   

Production difficulties and quality control
problems and our reliance on third party suppliers to deliver quality products in a timely manner could harm our business. We may
experience production difficulties with respect to our products, including the import or export of ingredients and delivery of
products that do not meet our specifications and quality control standards. These quality problems could in the future result in
stock outages or shortages in our markets with respect to such products, harming our sales and creating inventory write-offs for
unusable products. 

If our copyrights and trade secrets
are not adequate to provide us with a competitive advantage or to prevent competitors from replicating our products, or if we infringe
the intellectual property rights of others, then our financial condition and operating results would be harmed.    

Our future success
and ability to compete depend on our ability to timely produce innovative products and product enhancements that motivate our customers,
which we attempt to protect under a combination of copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions. We do not currently have any federally registered trademarks and rely exclusively on copyright and trade secrets to
protect our products. Our products are not patented domestically or abroad, and the legal protections afforded by common law and
contractual proprietary rights in our products provide only limited protection and may be time-consuming and expensive to enforce
and/or maintain. Further, we are unable to prevent third parties from independently developing products that are competitive with,
equivalent to and/or superior to our products. 

Additionally,
third parties may claim that products or marks that we have independently developed infringe on their intellectual property rights,
and there can be no assurance that one or more of our products or marks will not be found to infringe on third party intellectual
property rights in the future. 

Our trade secrets
could be misappropriated by manufacturers or distributors, and our reputation could be damaged.    

We are engaged in the
business of identifying and selecting manufacturing and distribution channels for our Fit product and establishing agreements with
distributors to market our products. In our agreements with our manufacturers we disclose the proprietary formula for Fit. We retain
all proprietary right to the formula, while our current manufacturers, Ubiquity International, LLC and Faun Pharma, retain rights
to its proprietary manufacturing and blending procedures. In the event that the manufacturer misappropriates our trade secrets,
litigation to enforce these rights could cause us to divert resources away from business operations. Additionally, our distributors
may perform such actions, such as offering it through discount retailing channels, which would damage the reputation of our company
or our products that could potentially damage our business. Even after terminating our agreement with such a distributor, the reputational
damage to our company or our products could be long lasting, especially with products that are new to the market. 

An increase in the price and shortage
of supply of key raw materials could adversely affect our business.   

Our products are composed
of certain key raw materials. Our current manufacturing agreement provides that the manufacturer may increase the price we pay
for our products. If the prices of these raw materials were to increase significantly, it could result in a significant increase
to us in the prices our contract manufacturers and third party manufacturers charge us for our products and third party products.
Raw material prices may increase in the future, and we may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers. A significant
increase in the price of raw materials that cannot be passed on to customers could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we no longer are able to obtain products from one or more of our suppliers
on terms reasonable to us or at all, then our revenues could suffer. Events such as the threat of political or social unrest, or
the perceived threat thereof, also may have a significant impact on raw material prices and transportation costs for our products.
In addition, the interruption in supply of certain key raw materials essential to the manufacturing of our products may have an
adverse impact on our suppliers  ability to provide us with the necessary products needed to maintain our customer relationships
and an adequate level of sales. 

Unfavorable publicity or consumer
perception of our products, the ingredients they contain and similar products distributed by other companies could cause fluctuations
in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the demand for our products and our ability
to generate revenues and the market price of our common stock.   

We depend substantially on consumer perception
of the safety and quality of our products and the ingredients they contain, as well as similar products distributed by other companies.
Consumer perception of products and the ingredients they contain can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings,
national media attention and other publicity about product use. A product may be received favorably, resulting in high sales associated
with that product that may not be sustainable as consumer preferences change. Future scientific research or publicity could be
unfavorable to our industry or any of our particular products or the ingredients they contain and may not be consistent with earlier
favorable research or publicity. A future research report or publicity that is perceived by our consumers as less favorable or
that questions earlier research or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues. As such,
period-to-period comparisons of our results should not be relied on as a measure of our future performance. Adverse publicity in
the form of published scientific research or otherwise, whether or not accurate, that associates consumption of our products or
the ingredients they contain or other similar products distributed by other companies with illness or other adverse effects, that
questions the benefits of our or similar products or that claims that such products are ineffective could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation, the demand for our products, and our ability to generate revenues. 

Our success depends on our ability to maintain and expand
our operational and maintenance capabilities.   

Our small number of employees and limited experience
limits our in-house capabilities. If we are unable to hire and train qualified employees, we may not be able to efficiently sell
our athletic enhancement products. Failure to operate efficiently may result in losses and ultimately the failure of our business
and the loss of our stockholders  entire investment in our company. 

We are exposed to risks associated with the recent worldwide
economic slowdown and related uncertainties .  

We plan to expand our level of operations. Slower
economic activity, concerns about inflation or deflation, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital
spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns in the general economy and recent international conflicts and terrorist
and military activity have resulted in a downturn in worldwide economic conditions, especially in the United States. Recent political
and social turmoil related to international conflicts and terrorist acts can be expected to place further pressure on economic
conditions in the United States and worldwide. These political, social and economic conditions make it extremely difficult for
us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. If such conditions continue or worsen, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We anticipate significant growth in our business, and any
inability to manage such growth could harm our business.   

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability
to manage effectively our growth and expansion. We plan to expand our business significantly. Any growth in or expansion of our
business is likely to continue to place a significant strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and
systems. In order to succeed, we will need to continue to implement management information systems and improve our operating, administrative,
financial and accounting systems and controls. We also will need to train new employees and maintain close coordination among our
executive, accounting, finance and operations organizations. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management
responsibilities and will divert management attention. Our inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively
could harm substantially our business and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

If our business is unsuccessful, our stockholders may lose
their entire investment.   

Although our stockholders will not be bound
by or be personally liable for our expenses, liabilities or obligations beyond their total original investments in our common stock,
if we suffer a deficiency in funds with which to satisfy our obligations, our stockholders as a whole may lose their entire investment
in our company. 

We may be unable to compete successfully against existing
and future competitors, which could harm our margins and our business.   

Our target industries are intensely competitive.
We face competition from a large number of existing companies who have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing,
marketing and distribution resources as well as greater experience than we have. We have at least four types of competitors in
health and wellness: (1) companies that directly market and sell nutraceutical products such as NuSkin, Herbalife, Nature s
Sunshine, LifePharm and Amway; (2) retail establishments that offer both their own brand and third party products such as General
Nutrition Centers and Vitamin Shoppe; (3) general retailers such as Target and Wal-Mart; and (4) retail pharmacies like CVS, Walgreens
and Rite Aid. We believe that the general financial success of companies within the health and wellness market will continue to
attract new competitors to the industry. 

We can provide no assurance that we will be
able to compete successfully against current or potential competitors. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer
operating histories, better brand recognition and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do.
Many of these competitors may have well-established relationships with manufacturers and other key strategic partners and can devote
substantially more resources to such relationships. As a result, they may be able to secure equipment, technology, products and
systems, among other things that we may need, from vendors on more favorable terms, fulfill customer orders or requests more efficiently
and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. They also may be able to secure a broader range of technologies, products
and systems from or develop close relationships with primary vendors. Some competitors may price their products, services, capabilities
and systems below cost in an attempt to gain market share. 

Increased competition may result in price reductions,
reduced gross margin and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. We may not be able to compete successfully and respond to competitive pressures. Our inability to compete
effectively with current or future competitors could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Our inability to retain and properly insure against the loss
of the services of our executive officers and other key personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business
strategy.   

Our future success depends significantly on
the skills and efforts of Steve Miller and James Short and possibly other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of these
individuals could harm our business and operations. In addition, we have not obtained key person life insurance on any of our key
employees. If any of our executive officers or key employees left or was seriously injured and unable to work and we were unable
to find a qualified replacement and/or to obtain adequate compensation for such loss, we may be unable to manage our business,
which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Our inability to attract, train and retain additional qualified
personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy.   

Once our business begins to grow, we will need
to attract, integrate, motivate and retain a significant number of additional administrative and sales personnel. Competition for
these individuals in our industry and geographic region is intense, and we may be unable to attract, assimilate or retain such
highly qualified personnel in the future. Our business cannot continue to grow if we are unable to attract such qualified personnel.
Our failure to attract and retain highly trained personnel that are essential to our business may limit our growth rate, which
would harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy. 

We may indemnify
our directors and officers against liability to us and our stockholders, and such indemnification could increase our operating
costs.   

Our bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors
and officers against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our bylaws also allow us to reimburse them
for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons, we have been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against
public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

Since our directors and officers are aware that
they may be indemnified for carrying out the duties of their offices, they may be less motivated to meet the standards required
by law to properly carry out such duties, which could increase our operating costs. Further, if our directors and officers file
a claim against us for indemnification, the associated expenses also could increase our operating costs. 

There are substantial inherent risks in attempting to commercialize
newly developed products, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new products.   

Our company plans to conduct research and development
of products in the health and wellness field. However, commercial feasibility and acceptance of such product candidates are unknown.
Scientific research and development requires significant amounts of capital and takes an extremely long time to reach commercial
viability, if at all. During the research and development process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable
to overcome. Because of these uncertainties, it is possible that some of our future product candidates never will be successfully
developed. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, we may be unable to generate new revenue sources or build a sustainable
or profitable business. 

We will need to achieve commercial acceptance of our products
to generate revenues and achieve profitability.   

Superior competitive products may be introduced,
or customer needs may change, which would diminish or extinguish the uses for our products. We cannot predict when significant
commercial market acceptance for our products will develop, if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any
such potential market. If markets fail to accept our products, then we may not be able to generate revenues from them. Our revenue
growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially on our ability to introduce new products accepted by customers.
If we are unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of our products by customers, or if our products do not achieve wide market
acceptance, then our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

We expect to rely on third parties for the worldwide
marketing and distribution of our product candidates, who may not be successful in selling our products.   

We currently do not have adequate resources
to market and distribute any of our products worldwide and expect to engage third party marketing and distribution companies to
perform these tasks. While we believe that distribution partners will be available, we cannot assure you that the distribution
partners, if any, will succeed in marketing our products on a global basis. We may not be able to maintain satisfactory arrangements
with our marketing and distribution partners, who may not devote adequate resources to selling our products. If this happens, we
may not be able to successfully market our products, which would decrease or eliminate our ability to generate revenues. 

Our products may be displaced by superior products developed
by third parties.   

The health and wellness industry is constantly
undergoing rapid and significant change. Third parties may succeed in developing or marketing products that are more effective
than those developed or marketed by us or that would make our products obsolete or non-competitive. Additionally, researchers could
develop new surgical procedures and medications that replace or reduce the use of our products. Accordingly, our success will depend,
in part, on our ability to respond quickly to medical and technological changes through the development and introduction of new
products. We may not have the resources to do this. If our products become obsolete and our efforts to develop new products do
not result in commercially successful products, then our sales and revenues will decline. 

We may incur material
product liability claims, which could increase our costs and harm our financial condition and operating results.   

Our products consist of vitamins, minerals and
botanicals and other ingredients that are classified as foods or dietary supplements and athletic enhancement products that are
not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States. Our products could contain contaminated substances, and some
of our products contain some ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. We rely on published and unpublished
safety information, including clinical studies, on ingredients used in our products and conduct limited clinical studies on some
key products but not all products. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could
occur. As a marketer of dietary and nutritional supplements and other products that are ingested by consumers or applied to their
bodies, we may be subjected to various product liability claims, including that the products contain contaminants, the products
include inadequate instructions as to their uses or the products include inadequate warnings concerning side effects and interactions
with other substances. It is possible that widespread product liability claims could increase our costs and adversely affect our
revenues and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher
insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition,
our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability claims, thereby requiring us to pay substantial monetary
damages and adversely affecting our business. 

Risks Relating to an Investment in our Company  

Our common stock is not listed on any exchange, and stockholders
may not be able to resell their shares.   

Currently our shares of common stock are not
listed on any exchange or automated quotation system. A public market for our shares of common stock may never develop. There can
be no assurance that purchasers of our shares of common stock will be able to resell their shares at their original purchase price,
if at all. 

Our common stock could ultimately be traded over the counter,
which could deprive stockholders of the full value of their shares.   

We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, to apply for the listing of our common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated
quotation system. Until our common stock is listed on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, there is
no market price for the shares. Once listed on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, the shares may be sold
at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that any application for the listing of our
common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system will be approved. 

If any such application is not approved and
our common stock ultimately is not listed, we intend to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin
Board. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for
quotation will be approved. If such an application is approved and our common stock is approved for quotation via the OTC Electronic
Bulletin Board, then our common stock is expected to have fewer market makers, lower trading volumes and larger spreads between
bid and asked prices than securities listed on an exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market.
These factors may result in higher price volatility and less market liquidity for our common stock. 

The sale of shares of our common stock pursuant to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part could cause the price of our common stock to decline.   

The selling stockholders under the registration
statement may sell none, some or all of the shares of common stock that are covered by such registration statement. We have no
way of knowing whether or when the selling stockholders will sell the shares of common stock covered by such registration statement.
Depending on market liquidity at the time, a sale of shares covered by such registration statement at any given time could cause
the trading price of our common stock to decline. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock under such registration
statement, or the anticipation of such a sale, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we otherwise might desire to effect such sales. 

A low market price would severely limit the potential market
for our common stock.   

Our common stock may trade at a price below
$5.00 per share, subjecting trading in the stock to certain SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers. These
rules generally apply to any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price share of less than $5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions (a  penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on
broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For these
types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the
purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker,
the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must
be provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from
effecting transactions in our common stock. 

If applicable, FINRA sales practice requirements could limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.   

In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated
by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules (which would apply to our common stock in
the event that our common stock ultimately becomes traded over the counter via the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board) require that,
in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is
suitable for that customer. Under these FINRA rules, before recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability
that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA rules were to apply to
our common stock, such application would make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common
stock, which could limit the ability to buy and sell our common stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares
of common stock. 

An investor s ability to trade our common stock may
be limited by trading volume.   

A consistently active trading market for our
common stock may not occur on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. A limited trading volume may prevent
our stockholders from selling shares at such times or in such amounts as they otherwise may desire. 

Our company has a concentration of stock ownership and control,
which may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control.   

Our common stock ownership is highly concentrated.
Through ownership of shares of our common stock, four stockholders collectively own beneficially more than 87% of our
total outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of this concentrated ownership of our common stock, our four stockholders
will be able to exert significant control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying,
preventing or deterring a change in control of our company. It also could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company, and it may affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance
measures, in the absence of which, stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts
of interest and similar matters   .  

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of corporate
management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have
been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, on which their securities are
listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges and NASDAQ are
those that address board of directors  independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code of ethics. While
our board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and an Audit Committee Charter, we have not yet adopted any of the other corporate
governance measures, and, since our securities are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not
currently required to do so. We intend, however, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part, to apply for the listing of our common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. There can
be no assurance that any application for the listing of our common stock will be approved. In the event that our common stock becomes
listed, we will be required to adopt these other corporate governance measures, and we intend to do so. It is possible that if
we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances
that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible
conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent
directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees
may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors
should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that certain proceedings
may only be instituted in the District Courts of Nevada, which may prevent or delay such proceedings and will increase the costs
to enforce shareholder rights.    

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that the
following actions and proceedings may only be brought in the courts located in the State of Nevada: (i) derivative actions brought
on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty by the directors or officers, (iii) any action brought
under the Business Associations, Securities and Commodities statutes of the State of Nevada, and (iv) actions asserting a claim
under the internal affairs doctrine. No court has determined that such provisions are enforceable in Nevada, and we may be forced
to defend proceedings brought in other states if such provision is ruled unenforceable. If enforceable, claims covered by this
provision may be maintained in the courts of the State of Nevada only if such courts have personal jurisdiction over the defendants.
If the State of Nevada does not have personal jurisdiction over any named defendant, this provision may have the effect of preventing
the prosecution of any claim. Additionally, because shareholders may initiate such actions only in the State of Nevada, shareholders
will be required to incur additional costs and expense such as engaging legal counsel authorized to practice in Nevada. Moreover,
the laws of the State of Nevada may be more favorable to us or our management than the laws of the state in which any shareholder
resides. 

Because we will not pay dividends in the foreseeable future,
stockholders will only benefit from owning common stock if it appreciates.   

We have never paid dividends on our common stock,
and we do not intend to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance our growth. Accordingly,
any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends from his investment should not purchase our common stock. 

Item 2.  
       Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities    

In June and July 2014, we sold 14,750,000 shares
of our common stock to accredited investors pursuant to a private placement. In September 2015, we sold 80,000 shares of our common
stock to accredited investors pursuant to a private placement. 

I tem 3.  
       Default on Senior Securities    

Not applicable. 

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

Not applicable. 

Item 6.  
       Exhibits    

Exhibit Number 
       
     Exhibit Description  
 
     23.1* 
       
     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 
     31.1* 
       
      Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
 
     32.1* 
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instances Document   
 
      101.SCH * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document    

*  Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, as of December 20, 2016. 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

By:  /s/ Steve Miller                                
           
         Steve Miller  
         Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  /s/ James Short                                
           
         James Short 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/Steve Miller 
       
     Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 

December 20, 2016   
 
     Steve Miller 
       
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/James Short 
       
     Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Director 
       
     December 20, 2016   
 
     James Short 
       
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 odyssey_10q-ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We consent to the incorporation in this Form
10-Q of our report dated October 31, 2016 on our audit of the financial statements of Odyssey Group International, Inc. as of July
31, 2016 and 2015. 

/s/ Piercy Bowler Taylor   Kern   

Certified Public Accountants 

 Salt Lake City, Utah 

 December 20, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 odyssey_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Steve Miller, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ Steve Miller  

Steve Miller   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

December 20, 2015 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 odyssey_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, James Short, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ James Short   

James Short    

Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer)    
 
 Date:December  20, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 odyssey_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended October 31, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on or about the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Steve Miller, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Steve Miller  

Steve Miller   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:December  20, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 odyssey_10q-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended October 31, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on or about the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Steve Miller, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ James Short  

James Short   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:December  20, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 none-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 none-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 none-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 none-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 none-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 none-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

