<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1443089_0001520138-16-001226_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1689546</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65180</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>145651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>283688</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>691392</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>464913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-16-001226.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114084608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-16-001226
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001443089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				261280759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-153290
		FILM NUMBER:		161990890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. CHURCH ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877 639 2929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. CHURCH ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-16-001226.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 whsi-20160930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C.  20549 

Form 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016 

For the Transition Period from ______
to ______ 

 Commission File Number: 333-153290 

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Nevada   
       
       26-3534190    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

200 W. Church Road Suite B, King of Prussia, PA   
       
       19406    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
            
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
            
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
       No

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table
of contents   

Pages    
 
       PART 1.   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       2    

ITEM 1.  
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
      2   

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
      16   

ITEM 3.  
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
      21   

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
      21   

PART II.   
       OTHER INFORMATION   
       23    

ITEM 1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
      23   

ITEM 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS  
      23   

ITEM 2.  
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
      23   

ITEM 3.  
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
      23   

ITEM 4.  
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
      23   

ITEM 5.  
      OTHER INFORMATION  
      23   

ITEM 6.  
      EXHIBITS  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  
  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to these unaudited
    consolidated financial statements.  

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  
  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to these
consolidated financial statements.  

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  
  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH	FLOWS

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to these
consolidated financial statements.  

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1.   
        NATURE OF OPERATIONS     

On June 4, 2008, the Company was incorporated
as Medical Alarm Concepts Holding, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company was formed for the sole purpose of acquiring
all of the membership units of Medical Alarm Concepts LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company ( Medical LLC ).
On May 26, 2016, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada to change its name from  Medical Alarm Concepts, Inc.  to  Wearable Health Solutions, Inc.  

The Company utilizes new technology
in the medical alarm industry to provide 24-hour personal response monitoring services and related products to subscribers with
medical or age-related conditions. 

2.   
        SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES     

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). 

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances among
the Company and its subsidiary are eliminated upon consolidation. 

These interim consolidated financial
statements are unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) and
disclosures necessary for a fair presentation of these interim consolidated financial statements have been included. The results
reported in the consolidated financial statements for any interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may
be reported for the entire year or any other periods. (a) The consolidated balance sheet as of June, 2016, which was derived from
audited financial statements, and (b) the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in
annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been
condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate
to make the information not misleading. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended June 30, 2016. 

Certificate of Amendment  

On May 3, 2016, the Company filed a
Certificate of Amendment (the  Amendment ) to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number
of shares of authorized capital stock to 410,000,000 shares consisting of (i) 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock with such rights and preferences as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. The Amendment
was approved by written consent of the Company s shareholder holding a majority of the Company s voting capital stock
on March 15, 2016. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. These estimates and assumptions include the collectability of accounts receivable and deferred taxes and
related valuation allowances. Certain of our estimates, including evaluating the collectability of accounts receivable, could be
affected by external conditions, including those unique to our industry, and general economic conditions. It is possible that these
external factors could have an effect on our estimates that could cause actual results to differ from our estimates. We re-evaluate
all of our accounting estimates at least quarterly based on these conditions and record adjustments when necessary. 

Cash  

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts receivable and allowance
for doubtful accounts receivable  

We have a policy of reserving for uncollectible
accounts based on our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We extend credit
to our customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. We generally do not require collateral
or other security to support accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain an allowance
for potential bad debts if required. We determine whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is required by evaluating specific
accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations. In these cases, we use
assumptions and judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, to record a specific allowance for those customers
against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. These specific allowances are re-evaluated
and adjusted as additional information is received. The amounts calculated are analyzed to determine the total amount of the allowance.
We may also record a general allowance as necessary. Direct write-offs are taken in the period when we have exhausted our efforts
to collect overdue and unpaid receivables or otherwise evaluate other circumstances that indicate that we should abandon such efforts. 

Inventory  

The Company values inventory, consisting
of purchased products, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in and first-out ( FIFO ) method.
The Company regularly reviews its inventories on hand and, when necessary, records a provision for excess or obsolete inventories
based primarily on current selling price and spot market prices. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

Software Development Costs   

The Company accounts for software development
cost in accordance with ASC 985-20 whereby cost of developing computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed includes
software that is part of a product or process to be sold to a customer shall be accounted for under ASC 985-20. All cost incurred
to establish technological feasibility of a computer software product to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed are research and
development cost. These costs are charged to expense when incurred. The technological feasibility of a computer software product
is established when the entity has completed all planning, designing, coding, and testing activities that are necessary to establish
that the product can be produced to meet its design specifications including functions, features, and technical performance requirements.
Cost of producing product masters incurred subsequent to establishing technological feasibility shall be capitalized. Those costs
include coding and testing performed subsequent to establishing technological feasibility. Capitalization of computer software
cost shall cease when the product is available for general release to customers. 

Once a project reaches the development
stage, the Company allocates a portion of salaries to be capitalized based on estimated hours spent developing the software. During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company capitalized $45,900 of such costs. These costs will be amortized over their useful life
of 3 years. Amortization expense on these costs for the 3 months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,975. 

Impairment of long-lived assets  

The Company follows section 360-10-05-4
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived assets. The Company s reviews it long-lived assets, which
include property and equipment, and patent, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

The Company assesses the recoverability
of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related long-lived asset or
group of long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if
any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined using
the asset s expected future undiscounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined
to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book
values of the long-lived assets are depreciated or amortized over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company
determined that there were no impairment of long-lived assets as of September 30, 2016. 

Convertible instruments and derivative
financial instruments  

The Company evaluates its convertible
debt, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as
derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 810-10-05-4 of the FASB ASC and paragraph 815-40-25 of
the FASB ASC. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each
balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair
value is recorded in the Statement of Operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative
instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

In circumstances where the embedded
conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments
in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a
single, compound derivative instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to
liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

On January 1, 2009, the Company adopted
Section 815-40-15 of the FASB ASC ( Section 815-40-15 ) to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature)
is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate
whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s
contingent exercise and settlement provisions. The adoption of Section 815-40-15 has affected the accounting for (i) certain freestanding
warrants that contain exercise price adjustment features and (ii) convertible bonds issued by foreign subsidiaries with a strike
price denominated in a foreign currency. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value pursuant to GAAP and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph
820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy
defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1  
       
      Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.   

Level 2  
       
      Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.   

Level 3  
       
      Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, deferred revenues and accrued
liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The Company s convertible
notes payable approximate the fair value of such instruments based upon management s best estimate of interest rates that
would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements at September 30, 2016. 

The derivative liability in connection
with the conversion feature of the convertible debt and warrants is classified as a level 3 liability, and is the only financial
liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes
under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 740,  Income Tax,  which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequence attributable to the difference between the tax
bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company establishes a valuation when it is more likely than not that the assets
will not be recovered. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s revenues are derived
principally from utilizing new technology in the medical alarm industry to provide 24-hour personal response monitoring services
and related products to subscribers with medical or age-related conditions. The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable
and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when it has persuasive evidence of an arrangement that
the services have been rendered to the customer, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

All revenues from subscription arrangements
are recognized ratably over the term of such arrangements. The excess of amounts received over the income recognized is recorded
as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

We recognize compensation expense for
stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718. For employee stock-based awards, we calculate the fair value of the
award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes method for stock options and the quoted price of our common stock for unrestricted
shares; the expense is recognized over the service period for awards expected to vest. For non-employee stock-based awards, we
calculate the fair value of the award on the date of grant in the same manner as employee awards. However, the awards are revalued
at the end of each reporting period and the pro rata compensation expense is adjusted accordingly until such time the nonemployee
award is fully vested, at which time the total compensation recognized to date equals the fair value of the stock-based award as
calculated on the measurement date, which is the date at which the award recipient s performance is complete. The estimation
of stock-based awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ
from original estimates, such amounts are recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. We consider
many factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of awards, employee class, and historical experience. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

The Black-Scholes option valuation model
is used to estimate the fair value of the warrants or options granted. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can
materially affect the fair value estimates. The model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options or warrants.
The expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the weighted average life of the
warrants or options granted. 

Commitments and contingencies  

The Company follows subtopic 450-20
of the FASB ASC to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation,
fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the
assessment can be reasonably estimated. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Financial Instruments  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ), which updates certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2019. The Company does
not believe the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ( ASU
2016-13 ), which modifies the measurement of expected credit losses of certain financial instruments. ASU 2016-13 will be
effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2021 and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe
the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

The FASB has issued the following standards
related to ASU 2014-09: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
( ASU 2016-08 ); ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing ( ASU 2016-10 ); and ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients ( ASU 2016-12 ). The Company must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12
with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the  new revenue standards ). 

There were no other recent accounting
pronouncements that have had a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

3.   
        GOING CONCERN     

These consolidated financial statements
are presented on the basis that the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, as of September 30, 2016, the Company has working capital deficit of $834,881; did not generate cash from
its operations; had stockholders  deficit of $1,187,493 and had operating loss since inception. These circumstances, among
others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company is attempting to generate
sufficient revenues, the Company s cash position may not be enough to support the Company s daily operations. Management
intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering, but there is no assurance that it will be successful.
Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues
provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy
to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and
generate sufficient revenues. 

The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

4.   
        PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT     

The following table depicts the property and equipment for
the Company as of Sept 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

5.   
        DUE TO RELATED PARTY     

Due to related party consists
of advances from the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The amount is non-interest bearing and due on
demand.    

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

6.   
        NOTE PAYABLE - OTHER     

On December 15, 2015, the Company entered
into a purchase agreement with Knight Capital Funding, an unrelated financing company, in the amount of $40,020 less an original
discount of $11,020 for net proceeds of $29,000. Under the terms of the agreement the Company sells, assigns, and transfers to
Knight Capital Funding all of its interests in each of its future receivables due to the Company from its customers and credit
card processor, until the loan is paid off. The Company and Knight Capital Funding have agreed that the payment of the purchase
amount will be repaid by the Company in 154 payments of $260 due each business day beginning on the first day after the loan was
disbursed, until the full amount due under the agreement is paid. The agreement is personally guaranteed by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. The Company has recorded the amount of the total repayment as a financing debt, with the difference between
the proceeds received and the total repayment amount as a discount, which is being amortized as imputed interest (at an effective
rate of 119%) over the life of the agreement which is the date that the total repayments will be made assuming the Company is timely
in all of its payments. As of September 30, 2016, the balance due was fully repaid and there was no outstanding balance at the
end of this period.  

7.   
        CONVERTIBLE
    NOTES PAYABLE     

On
March 1, 2016 and March 3, 2016, the Company closed on a private placement and received $612,500 by issuing $660,000 and
$13,750 unsecured convertible notes ( Convertible Notes ) and warrants to two investors, net of original issue
discount of $61,250 per subscription agreement.  The Convertible Notes bear no interest and are due one year from the
date of issuance.  The Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to $0.01 per share. Warrants were issued to purchase 6,804,172 shares of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred C Shares) at $0.09 per share. The conversion and warrant exercise prices are
subject to certain price adjustment terms.  

The Company is prohibited
from effecting a conversion of convertible notes and the Preferred C Shares to the extent that, as a result of such
conversion, a holder would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred C Shares, which beneficial
ownership limitation may be increased by the holder up to, but not exceeding, 9.99%.  

The Company has determined that the
conversion feature embedded in the notes constitutes a derivative and has been bifurcated from the note and recorded as a derivative
liability, with a corresponding discount recorded to the associated debt, on the accompanying balance sheet, and revalued to fair
market value at each reporting period. 

The following table summarizes the convertible
notes movement: 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

8.   
        WARRANTS AND DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES     

The Company has evaluated the application
of ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 815-40-25 for the warrants to purchase Preferred C Shares issued with the Convertible
Notes. Based on the guidance in ASC 815 and ASC 815-40-25, the Company concluded these instruments were required to be accounted
for as derivatives due to the down round protection feature on the conversion price and the exercise price. The Company records
the fair value of these derivatives on its balance sheet at fair value with changes in the values of these derivatives reflected
in the statements of operations as  Change in fair value of derivative instrument  These derivative instruments are
not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 and are disclosed on the balance sheet under Derivative Liabilities. 

The fair value of the warrants underlying
the convertible notes issued at the time of their issuance was calculated pursuant to the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
fair value was recorded as a reduction to the convertible notes payable and was charged to operations as interest expense in accordance
with effective interest method within the period of the convertible notes. 

Significant assumptions used in calculating
fair value of warrants and conversion feature of convertible notes at issuance date are as follows. 

Significant assumptions used in calculating
fair value of outstanding warrants at September 30, 2016 are as follows. 

Expected  
          dividend   

Expected  
          volatility   

Risk-free  
          Rate of  
          interest   

Expected  
          term  
          (year)   

Exercise  
          price   
       
       Common stock price per shares    
 
      0.00%  
       
      2371%  
       
      0.01%  
       
      As set forth by each convertible note and warrant  
       
      $ 0.01   
       
      0.10   

The following table presents
information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30,
2016 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In
general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest
rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the liability, and includes
situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the liability: 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

9.   
        STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY     

On July 29, 2016, the Company issued
35.5 million shares of common stock (valued at $0.10 per share, or $3,550,000 at date of issuance) to related parties and consultants
in exchange for services rendered. 

10.   
        RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS     

Interest expenses for credit line were
$6,459 and $6,349 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and zero amount was paid during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. (See Note 9) 

On September 30, 2014, the Company entered into a line of
credit with Medi Pendant of New York, Inc. ( MNY ), which is partially owned by the Company s CEO. Under the
line of credit agreement, the Company will be able to borrow up to $500,000 with the rate of interest of 6.5% per annum. The maturity
date of the credit line is September 30, 2017. The Company has the option to extend the maturity date for one year to September
30, 2018. 

(table of contents)    

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

On January 31, 2015, the limit on
the line of credit was increased to $500,000 with the same interest rate and due date. As of September 30, 2016, outstanding
balance under the line of credit was $397,500. The company also agreed to issue 200,000 shares of common stock to one of the
owners of MNY  in exchange for the increase  in the line of credit. These shares were valued at the market value of $28,000
which was the fair market value at the grant date and recorded as shares to be issued since those share were issued in the
subsequent period. 

During the year ended June 30,
2015, the Company s CEO advanced $20,740 to the Company. The amount is non-interest bearing and due on demand. During
fiscal year ended 2016 the company made partial payment to the Company s CEO, and as of September 30, 2016, amount due
to the related party was $500. 

The Company s Chief Technology
Officer, who is also a related party, was compensated with a salary of $19,385 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

In assessing the realization of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has
established a full valuation allowance against the entire deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more
likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

The Company files U.S. federal and states
of Pennsylvania tax returns. These returns remain subject to examination by taxing authorities for all years after June 30, 2014. 

The Company had only one supplier during
the three months ended September, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

On October 26, 2016, Sandor Capital,
the holder of a warrant, exercised the right to purchase 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock from the Company for the exercise price
of $50,000. 

(table of contents)    

Item 2.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.    

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September, 2016 contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning
of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements that include the words  believes, 
 expects,   anticipates,  or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among others,
statements concerning our expectations regarding our working capital requirements, financing requirements, business, growth prospects,
competition and results of operations, and other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated
events or trends, and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. The forward-looking statements in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in
or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein.  

Overview and Recent Events   

Our principal executive offices are
located at 200 West Church Road, Suite B, King of Prussia, PA 19406, and our telephone number is (877) 639-2929. Our website addresses 
are www.medipendant.com, www.ihelpalarm.com and www.wearablehealthsolutions.com. 

The Company manufactures medical alarm
devices that are used to summon help in the event of an emergency. While these devices are primarily designed for the elderly,
there is also a market for those who are physically disabled, as well as for persons living alone. 

The Company was organized in mid-2008.
The operation was financed with a considerable amount of toxic convertible debt. This type of financing, along with several other
issues, prevented the Company from realizing a robust growth rate for its first few years of operation. Since that time, considerable
management time has been spent and investor money utilized to turn the Company's operation around. 

The Company's flagship product is called
the MediPendant , which is a personal emergency alarm that is used to summon help in the event of an emergency at home. Approximately
40% of all medical alarms currently being sold in the United States are first-generation technologies that require the user to
speak and listen through a central base station unit, indicating a significant decrease in the last few years. While MediPendant 
has found success by offering a product that has the speaker in the pendant that enables the user to simply speak and listen directly
through the pendant in the event of an emergency, technological advances have increased the reliability, accuracy, and distribution
of cellular type devices, also known as mPERS (mobile personal emergency response systems). 

The MediPendant  is designed to
be worn in the bath or shower and offers a 600-foot range, so that the wearer can operate the unit from virtually anywhere within
their home or on their property. The product is extremely durable, very reliable, and offers an extremely long battery life. The
MediPendant  has voice prompts that alert the user of the operational status of the device. This gives the user some peace
of mind during an emergency because they know with certainty that their distress signal has been activated and help is being summoned. 

The Company also manufactures the iHelp 
mobile medical alarm device. The iHelp  is a next-generation medical alarm that utilizes T-Mobile s 2G network. Users
of the iHelp  mobile medical alarm can take the device with them wherever there is cellular service. There is no base station
and it only requires a cellular signal in order to work. 

(table of contents)    

The company has invested time, manpower,
and money into the development of this product. On September 30, 2014, the company signed an agreement for a $300,000 line of credit
to enable it to launch the iHelp , and to build the infrastructure that allowed the Company to buy and track air time from
T-Mobile for cellular operation of this unit. The credit line was increased to $500,000 in January 2015. The iHelp  has enhanced
features and functions including an advanced GPS system, the ability to remotely locate a loved one, and a dealer portal that enables
dealers to manage their own iHelp  customer base. A significant amount of time was spent on the backend systems, including
the dealer portal. iHelp  dealers have significant benefits, most importantly the ease of use in ordering product, activating
and deactivating customers, tracking their customer usage, and creating and printing a variety of reports to assist in billing
and collecting revenues. The iHelp  dealer program is a turn-key program that offers the dealer the opportunity to provide
his/her customers with the latest products without having to change his/her own backend. 

We are in the process
of discontinuing the iHelp  and implementing a new product called the iHelp+ 3G . The iHelp+ 3G  is a
cellular medical alert system that operates on a 3G network. In March 2016 and May 2016 the company raised an additional
$612,500 and $425,000 to further develop the 3G product. Initially, it will be operating on the AT T network (GSM -
Global), and ultimately it will be able to operate on the Verizon (CDMA - USA) network as well. It is Bluetooth and Wi-Fi
enabled. It has a much broader reach than the iHelp , as well as additional functions, such as fall detection,
geo-fencing (ability to pre-set an area and alert loved ones if the user leaves or enters the pre-set area), and tracking. As
of   November 11, 2016, we have gained FCC, CE, and PTCRB approval. Expected product launch date is now the first calendar
quarter of 2017. 

 Additionally, the iHelp+ 3G will
be used as the communication device for Bluetooth-enabled devices and used for collecting vital sign data and storing the data
in any requested manner in encrypted HIPAA-compliant cloud servers for access by proper parties. 

On July 10, 2008, the Company entered
into a Purchase Agreement and Patent Assignment Agreement (the  Agreement ) effective July 31, 2008. The Company was
obligated to pay the seller $2,500,000 on June 30, 2012. The Agreement specifies interest of 6% payable monthly, commencing on
July 31, 2008. The seller had the right to reacquire all patents and applications if payment was not made on June 30, 2012; however,
this agreement has been extended quarterly since June 30, 2012. The patent purchase agreement refers to patent #RE41845 and RE41392.
The scope of the patents are as follows: A personal emergency communication system includes a user-carried portable communication
unit having a single button, which when depressed by the user, wirelessly sends a call request signal to a base unit. The base
unit initiates a telephone call through a dial-up network to an emergency response center and places an operator at the emergency
center responder in wireless voice communication with the portable unit when the call is connected. The telephone number to be
called can be stored in at least one of the portable unit and the base unit. A speech synthesizer operating in combination with
automated voice messages stored in at least one of the base unit and portable unit system memory are used to advise the user of
the status of the call, and to provide the user with verbal confirmation that functional systems of the base unit are operating
properly. 

In June 2015, the Company made a decision
to terminate its patent agreement with Nevin Jenkins, the patent holder. Mr. Jenkins and the Company agreed to a new revised licensing
agreement whereby the company still has the ability to order product utilizing the patent. The Company feels that the old agreement
was too costly, and money would be better served based on its decision of investing in more cellular type mPERS devices. Its new
agreement with Mr. Jenkins will enable the Company to continue selling the MediPendant  based on a cost plus structure. 

(table of contents)    

Going Concern   

These consolidated financial statements
are presented on the basis that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

 As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, the Company has working capital deficit of $834,881, did not generate significant cash from its operations,
had stockholders  deficit of $1,187,493 and had operating loss for prior two years. These circumstances raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company is attempting to generate
sufficient revenues, the Company s cash position may not be enough to support the Company s daily operations. Management
intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering, or by alternative methods. Management believes that the
actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues provide the opportunity for
the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and
in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. 

The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Results of Operations   

  Results of Operations for
Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

   Revenue   

Revenue generated during
the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $246,422 and $328,946, respectively; representing a 25% or $82,524
decrease, resulting from a discontinuation of the iHelp medical alert system and the sales it generated. 

Cost of Revenue   

Cost of revenue incurred during
quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $61,521 and $138,924, respectively, representing a 56% or $77,403 decrease. The decrease
in cost of revenue was mainly due to the Company s discontinuation of the iHelp medical alert system and its associated costs. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit generated during
quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $184,901 and $190,022, respectively. The gross profit margin for quarters ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 75% and 58%, respectively, resulting from a decrease in sales of the iHelp alarm equipment and
the resulting higher margins associated with monitoring 

(table of contents)    

General and
Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses for quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,838,749 and $316,070, respectively; representing a 1,114% of $3,522,679
increase in general and administrative expense mainly due to the increase of salary, stock compensation and consulting fees of
$3,550,000. 

Selling Expenses   

Selling expenses incurred
during quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $13,087 and $32,933, respectively. The $19,846 or 60% decrease was mainly
due to the reduced amount of marketing expenses in the quarter. 

Change in
Fair Value of Derivative Instrument   

Changes in fair value of derivative
instrument generated income of $108,301 during quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company didn t have any derivative liabilities
during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense-related
party   

Interest expense-related party
was $6,459 and $5,487 for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense for the quarters
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6,459 and $6,349, respectively. The $110 or 1.7% increase in interest expense was due to
the slight increase in the related party note payable. 

Net Loss   

Net loss incurred during quarters
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3,618,206 and $177,380, respectively. Change in net loss is due to the reasons stated above. 

  Results of Operations for
three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, we had $10,920 and $106,411 in cash, respectively. 

During three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, our operating activities incurred net cash outflow of $89,254 and $5,303, respectively. Main reasons for the
change in net cash used in operating activities were outlined below: 

(table of contents)    

1.  
      Changes in fair value of derivative instrument during three months ended September 30, 2016 generated non-cash income of $108,301; in contrast there was no non-cash income or expense effect for this same period in the prior year.   

3.  
      During the three months ended September 30, 2016, a non-cash expense of $15,313 derived from amortization of the original issue discount, compared to no such expense during the same three month period in 2015.   

4.  
      During three months ended September 30, 2016, amortization of debt discount generated non-cash loss of $66,965; during the same period of last fiscal year, there was no accounting transaction of similar nature.   

6.  
      During three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company generated net cash inflow of $1,027 through decreasing of inventories; comparably during the same period of 2015, decreasing inventory generated net cash inflow of $30,064.This was due to a discontinuation of the older model ihelp medical alert system and the sales it generated.   

During three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, financing activities generated net cash inflow (outflow) of $(6,237) and $8,818, respectively. Main reasons
for the change in net cash provided by financing activities were outlined below: 

1.  
      During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company spent $6,237 for the repayment of other notes payables; comparably during the same period of 2015, the Company received proceeds in the form of other notes payable, resulting in a net cash inflow of $13,355.   

We believe we can satisfy our cash requirements
for the next twelve months with our current cash flow from business operations, although there can be no assurance to that effect.
If we are unable to satisfy our cash requirements, we may be unable to proceed with our plan of operation. We do not anticipate
the purchase or sale of any significant equipment. We also do not expect any significant additions to the number of employees.
The foregoing represents our best estimate of our cash needs based on current planning and business conditions. In the event we
are not successful in reaching our initial revenue targets, additional funds may be required, and we may not be able to proceed
with our business plan for the development and marketing of our core services. Should this occur, we may be forced to suspend or
cease operations. 

We anticipate incurring operating losses
in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

At September 30, 2016, we did not have
any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if
we had engaged in such relationships. 

(table of contents)    

Item  3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item  4.    Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls.  

Our management, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of the
end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act )
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Based on their evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective. 

Our management has conducted, with the
participation of our CEO and CFO, an assessment, including testing of the effectiveness, of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. Based on such evaluation, management identified deficiencies that were determined to be a material weakness. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in disclosure controls and procedures, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
Because of the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective
as of September 30, 2016. 

The specific material weakness identified
by the Company s management as of September 30, 2016 are described as follows: 

The Company is lacking qualified resources to perform the internal audit functions properly. In addition, the scope and effectiveness of the Company s internal audit function are yet to be developed.   

The Company is relatively inexperienced with certain complexities within US GAAP and SEC reporting.   

(table of contents)    

Remediation Initiative  

We are committed to establishing the disclosure controls and procedures but due to limited qualified resources in the region, we were not able to hire sufficient internal audit resources by September 30, 2016. However, internally we established a central management center to recruit more senior qualified people in order to improve our internal control procedures. Externally, we are looking forward to engaging an accounting firm to assist the Company in improving the Company s internal control system based on the COSO Framework. We also will increase our efforts to hire the qualified resources.   

We intend to establish an audit committee of the board of directors as soon as practicable. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors, evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls.   

Conclusion  

The Company did not have sufficient
and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application
of generally accepted accounting principles accepted in the United States of America commensurate with the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures requirements, which resulted in a number of deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures that were
identified as being significant. The Company s management believes that the number and nature of these significant deficiencies,
when aggregated, was determined to be a material weakness. 

Despite of the material weaknesses and
deficiencies reported above, the Company s management believes that its condensed consolidated financial statements included
in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows for the periods presented and that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report. 

Changes in internal control over
financial reporting.  

There were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

(table of contents)    

PART   
       
       II.  OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 
    1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

None. 

ITEM  1A.    RISK FACTORS    

Note: in addition to the other information
set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  contained
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, which could materially affect our business, financial
condition, or future results. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the risk
factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 
    2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

None. 

ITEM 
    3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

None. 

ITEM  4.   
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not applicable. 

ITEM 
    5.    OTHER INFORMATION    

None. 

(table of contents)    

ITEM  6.    EXHIBITS    

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

31.1  
       
      Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302 (filed herewith).   

32.2  
       
      Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith).   

EX-101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

EX-101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

EX-101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   

EX-101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

EX-101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase   

EX-101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

(table of contents)    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 14, 2016  
       WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Ronnie Adams   

Ronnie Adams 
         Chief Executive Officer and 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial Officer and 
        Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 whsi-20160930_10qex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF
THE  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

I, Ronnie Adams, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
     
         The registrant s other certifying
        officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
        auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Ronnie Adams    
 
      Ronnie Adams   
 
      Chief Executive Officer and   
 
      Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 whsi-20160930_10qex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ronnie Adams, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Ronnie Adams     
 
      Ronnie Adams   
 
      Chief Executive Officer and   
 
      Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.LAB>
 4
 whsi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 5
 whsi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 whsi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 whsi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 whsi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 whsi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

