<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_1469038_0001683168-16-000402_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1361785</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74875</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>96993</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>304704</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>456893</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>381862</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000402.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028082146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000402
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Domain Extremes Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				980632051
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53749
		FILM NUMBER:		161957010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36, JALAN SERI UTARA 3/3C, KIPARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		OFF JALAN IPOH, KUALA LUMPUR
		CITY:			WILAYAH PERSEKUTUAN
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			68100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		603-6241-2023

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36, JALAN SERI UTARA 3/3C, KIPARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		OFF JALAN IPOH, KUALA LUMPUR
		CITY:			WILAYAH PERSEKUTUAN
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			68100

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000402.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 domain_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

x 
QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934: 

For the Quarterly Period ended September
30, 2016  

o 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from __________________
to __________________ 

Commission File Number: 000-53749  

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.   

  (Name of Small Business Issuer in its Charter)  

Nevada    
        98-0632051     

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

36, JALAN SERI UTARA 3/3C, KIPARK AVENUE  

  OFF JALAN IPOH, 68100 KUALA LUMPUR  

   WILAYAH PERSEKUTUAN, MALAYSIA   

  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

+603 6241 2023 / +603 6242 1028    

  (Issuer s Telephone Number)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer  o   
      Accelerated filer  o    

Non-accelerated filer  o   
      Smaller Reporting Company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x  

Number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of 

 common equity, as of October 20, 2016 :  
179,522,531 shares of Common Stock, par value US $0.001 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
INFORMATION  

The discussion contained in this 10-Q under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The
issuer s actual results could differ significantly from those discussed herein. These include statements about our expectations,
beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as  anticipate,   expect, 
 intend,   plan,   will,   we believe,   the Company believes,   management
believes  and similar language, including those set forth in the discussions under  Notes to Financial Statements 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation  as well as those discussed elsewhere in this
Form 10-Q. We base our forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update
them. Statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to the
 safe harbor  created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  

1  

Balance Sheets  

1 

Statements of Operations  

2 

Statements of Cash Flows  

3 

Statements of Stockholders  Deficit and Comprehensive Loss  

4 

Notes to Financial Statements  

5 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  

13  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

20  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

20  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

21  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

21  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

21  

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

21  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

21  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

21  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

21  

SIGNATURES  

22  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

23  

i       

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  

Domain Extremes Inc.  

  Unaudited Balance Sheets  

  As of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015 (audited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Domain Extremes Inc.  

  Unaudited Statements of Operations  

  For the Three Months and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Domain Extremes Inc.   

  Unaudited Statements of Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Domain Extremes Inc.   

  Unaudited Statements of Stockholders 
Deficit and Comprehensive Loss  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1 .        Organization and nature of operations    

Domain Extremes Inc. ( the Company ),
a development stage company, was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 23, 2006. The Company is in the development
stage as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
915. Among the disclosures required by FASB ASC 915 are that the Company s financial statements be identified as those of
a development stage company, and that the statements of earnings, retained earnings and stockholders  equity and cash flows
disclose activity since the date of the Company s inception. The fiscal year end is December 31. 

The Company's financial statements have been
presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated significant revenue since inception and has never paid any dividends
and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate significant earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. Since January 23, 2006,
the Company has generated revenue of $96,099 and has incurred an accumulated deficit of $603,353. 

The Company is currently devoting its efforts
to develop websites on the Internet and through which to generate advertising income.  The Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to develop additional sources of capital, develop websites, generate advertising
income, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

2 .        Summary of principal accounting policies    

O n June 29,
2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) established the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (Codification) as
the single source of authoritative U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for all nongovernmental entities. Rules
and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are also sources of authoritative U.S. GAAP for SEC registrants.
The Codification does not change U.S. GAAP but takes previously issued FASB standards and other U.S. GAAP authoritative pronouncements,
changes the way the standards are referred to, and includes them in specific topic areas. The Codification is effective for financial
statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. The adoption of the Codification did not
have any impact on the Company s financial statements .  

Basis of presentation  

The accompanying financial statements of the
Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

The Company considers all short-term highly
liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or less to
be cash equivalents.  

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.      Summary of principal accounting policies  (continued)   

Impairment of long-lived
assets  

The Company accounts for the impairment of
long-lived assets, such as plant and equipment, leasehold land and intangible assets, under the provisions of FASB Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 360 ( ASC 360 )  Property, Plant and Equipment   Overall  (formerly known as SFAS
No. 144,  Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  ( SFAS 144 )). ASC 360 establishes the accounting
for impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill and for the disposal of a business. Pursuant
to ASC 360, the Company periodically evaluates, at least annually, whether facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying value
of its depreciable assets to be held and used may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are determined to exist,
an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by the long-lived asset, or the appropriate grouping of assets, is compared
to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. In the event that the carrying amount of long-lived assets exceeds
the undiscounted future cash flows, then the carrying amount of such assets is adjusted to their fair value. The Company reports
an impairment cost as a charge to operations at the time it is recognized. 

Income taxes  

The Company utilizes FASB Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 740 ( ASC 740 )  Income taxes  (formerly known as SFAS No. 109,  Accounting for
Income Taxes ), which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. 

ASC 740  Income taxes  (formerly
known as Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109  ( FIN 48 )) clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. This interpretation requires
that an entity recognizes in the financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of
being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized income tax positions are measured at
the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the
period in which the change in judgement occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the statements of operations. The adoption of ASC 740 did
not have a significant effect on the financial statements. 

Comprehensive income  

The Company has adopted FASB Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 220 ( ASC 220 )  Comprehensive income  (formerly known as SFAS No. 130,  Reporting
Comprehensive Income ), which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and
accumulated balances. Accumulated other comprehensive income represents the accumulated balance of foreign currency translation
adjustments of the Company. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.      Summary of principal accounting policies  (continued)   

Stock-based compensation  

The Company has adopted FASB Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 718 ( ASC 718 ),  Stock Compensation  (formerly known as SFAS 123(R), Share-Based Payment),
which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and
directors including stock option grants based on estimated fair values. ASC 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of
share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the award s portion that is ultimately
expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods. Prior to the adoption of ASC 718, we accounted for
share-based awards to employees and directors using the intrinsic value method. Under the intrinsic value method, share-based compensation
expense was only recognized by us if the exercise price of the stock option was less than the fair market value of the underlying
stock at the date of grant. 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50  Equity  Based Payments to Non-employees .
Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees shall be based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably
measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment
transactions should be determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. 

Issuance of shares for
service  

The Company accounts for the issuance of equity
instruments to acquire goods and services based on the fair value of the goods and services or the fair value of the equity instrument
at the time of issuance, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

Foreign currencies translation  

The functional currency of the Company is Hong
Kong dollars ( HK$ ). The Company maintains its financial statements in the functional currency. Monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at rates of
exchange prevailing at the balance sheet dates. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency at the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Exchange gains or losses arising
from foreign currency transactions are included in the determination of net income for the respective periods. 

For financial reporting purposes, the financial
statements of the Group which are prepared using the functional currency have been translated into United States dollars. Assets
and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates and revenue and expenses are translated at the
average exchange rates and stockholders  equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Any translation adjustments resulting
are not included in determining net income but are included in foreign exchange adjustment to other comprehensive income, a component
of stockholders  equity. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The carrying values of the Company s
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, deposits, trade and other payables approximate
their fair values due to the short-term maturity of such instruments. The carrying amounts of borrowings approximate their fair
values because the applicable interest rates approximate current market rates. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.      Summary of principal accounting policies  (continued)   

Earning per share  

Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period while the effects of potential common shares outstanding during the
period are included in diluted earnings per share.  The average market price during the year is used to compute equivalent
shares. 

FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic
260 ( ASC 260 ),  Earnings Per Share,  requires that employee equity share options, non-vested shares and
similar equity instruments granted to employees be treated as potential common shares in computing diluted earnings per share.
Diluted earnings per share should be based on the actual number of options or shares granted and not yet forfeited, unless doing
so would be anti-dilutive. The Company uses the  treasury stock  method for equity instruments granted in share-based
payment transactions provided in ASC 260 to determine diluted earnings per share. 

Website Development Costs  

The Company recognized the costs associated
with developing a website in accordance with ASC 350-50  Website Development Cost  that codified the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) Statement of Position ( SOP ) NO. 98-1,  Accounting for
the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use . Relating to website development costs the Company
follows the guidance pursuant to the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) NO. 00-2,  Accounting for Website Development Costs .
The website development costs are divided into three stages, planning, development and production. The development stage can further
be classified as application and infrastructure development, graphics development and content development. In short, website development
cost for internal use should be capitalized except content input and data conversion costs in content development stage. 

Costs associated with the website consist primarily
of website development costs paid to third party and directors. These capitalized costs will be amortized based on their estimated
useful life over three years upon the website becoming operational. Internal costs related to the development of website content
will be charged to operations as incurred. Web-site development costs related to the customers are charged to cost of sales. 

Revenue recognition  

The Company recognized revenues from advertising
insertion revenue in the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, the fees
are fixed or determinable and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. If fixed-fee advertising is displayed
over a term greater than one month, revenues are recognized ratably over the period as described below. The majority of insertion
orders have terms that begin and end in a quarterly reporting period. In the cases where at the end of a quarterly reporting period
the term of an insertion order is not complete, the Company recognizes revenue for the period by pro-rating the total arrangement
fee to revenue and deferred revenue based on a measure of proportionate performance of its obligation under the insertion order.
The Company measures proportionate performance by the number of placements delivered and undelivered as of the reporting date. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.      Summary of principal accounting policies  (continued)   

Recently issued accounting
pronouncements  

The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue
Gross versus Net). The amendments relate to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or service
to a customer. Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise
is to provide that good or service to the customer (i.e., the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be
provided to the customer by the other party (i.e., the entity is an agent). 

The amendments are intended to improve the
operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by clarifying the following: 

-    An entity determines whether it is a principal or an agent for each specified good
or service promised to a customer. 

-    An entity determines the nature of each specified or service (e.g., whether it is
a good, service, or a right to a good or service). 

-    When another entity is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity
that is a principal obtains control of: (a) a good or another asset from the other party that it then transfers to the customer;
(b) a right to a service that will be performed by another party, which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to provide
the service to the customer on the entity s behalf; or (c) a good or service from the other party that it combines with
other goods or services to provide the specified good or service to the customer. 

-    The purpose of the indicators in paragraph 606-10-55-39 is to support or assist in
the assessment of control. The amendments in paragraph 606-10-55-39A clarify that the indicators may be more or less relevant
to the control assessment and that one or more indicators may be more or less persuasive to the control assessment, depending
on the facts and circumstances. 

The amendments amend certain existing illustrative
examples and add additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. 

The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. The amendments
clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance.
The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. 

The effective date and transition requirements
for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the
amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January
1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The effective date for nonpublic entities
is deferred by one year. 

Identifying Performance Obligations 

Before an entity can identify its performance
obligations in a contract with a customer, the entity first identifies the promised goods or services in the contract. The amendments
add the following guidance: 

1. An entity is not required to assess whether
promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer. 

2. An entity is permitted, as an accounting
policy election, to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as
an activity to fulfill the promise to transfer the good rather than as an additional promised service. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.      Summary of principal accounting policies  (continued)   

Recently issued accounting
pronouncements (continued)  

To identify performance obligations in a contract,
an entity evaluates whether promised goods and services are distinct. The amendments improve the guidance on assessing the promises
are separately identifiable criterion by: 

1. Better articulating the principle for determining
whether promises to transfer goods or services to a customer are separately identifiable by emphasizing that an entity determines
whether the nature of its promise in the contract is to transfer each of the goods or services or whether the promise is to transfer
a combined item (or items) to which the promised goods and/or services are inputs. 

2. Revising the related factors and examples
to align with the improved articulation of the separately identifiable principle. 

Licensing Implementation Guidance 

Topic 606 includes implementation guidance
on determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s
intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which
is satisfied over time). The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation
guidance by clarifying the following: 

1. An entity s promise to grant a customer
a license to intellectual property that has significant standalone functionality (e.g., the ability to process a transaction, perform
a function or task, or be played or aired) does not include supporting or maintaining that intellectual property during the license
period. 

2. An entity s promise to grant a customer
a license to symbolic intellectual property (that is, intellectual property that does not have significant standalone functionality)
includes supporting or maintaining that intellectual property during the license period. 

3. An entity considers the nature of its promise
in granting a license, regardless of whether the license is distinct, in order to apply the other guidance in Topic 606 to a single
performance obligation that includes a license and other goods or services (in particular, the guidance on determining whether
a performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and the guidance on how best to measure progress toward the
complete satisfaction of a performance obligation satisfied over time). 

3.      Other income  

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

4.      Income taxes  

The Company is incorporated in the United States,
and is subject to United States federal and state income taxes. The Company did not generate taxable income in the United States
for the period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company s operations are carried
out in Hong Kong, SAR of the PRC, and is subject to Hong Kong profit tax at 16.5% in 2016 (2015: 16.5%). No provision for Hong
Kong income or profit tax has been made as the Company has no assessable profit for the period. The cumulative tax losses will
represent a deferred tax asset. The Company will provide a valuation allowance in full amount of the deferred tax asset since there
is no assurance of future taxable income. 

The cumulative net operating loss carry forward
is approximately $603,353 and $583,451 as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively, and will be expired beginning
in the year 2026. Annual use of the net operating loss may be limited by Internal Revenue Code section 382 due to an ownership
change. 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate
of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

5.      Shareholder s equity  

Capitalization  

The Company has the authority to issue 200,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. The total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are 179,522,531 and 179,522,531 respectively. 

Equity transactions during
the period  

Following is the equity
transactions during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

On November 16, 2015, we issued 34,979,700
shares of our common stock to Francis Bok, Stephen Tang and Angel Lai valued at US$132,923 in lieu of cash compensation for director
and secretary service from October 1, 2012 to September 30, 2015. 

There is no equity transactions during the
period from January 1, 2016 to the period ended September 30, 2016. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

6.      Accrued expenses and other payables  

Accrued expenses and other payables as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows: 

7.      Advance from related parties  

The amount due to related parties as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 represents advanced payment due to the Company s directors. The amount due to directors is
interest free without maturity date, no collateral and repayable upon demand. 

8.      Commitments and contingencies  

There has been no legal proceedings in which
the Company is a party during the period ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

9.      Current vulnerability due to certain concentrations  

The Company's operations are carried out in
Hong Kong, SAR of the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced
by the political, economic and legal environments in Hong Kong, by the general state of the PRC's economy. The Company's business
may be influenced by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency
conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

We have evaluated significant events and transactions
that occurred from October 1, 2016 through the date of this report and have determined that there were no events or transactions
other than those disclosed in this report, if any, that would require recognition or disclosure in our unaudited financial statements
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in
Item 1 of this report and is qualified in its entirety by the foregoing. 

Forward Looking Statements   

Certain statements in this
report, including statements of our expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs, including those contained in or implied by  Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
are  forward-looking statements , within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), that are subject to certain events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control.
The words  believe ,  expect ,  anticipate ,  optimistic ,  intend ,
 will , and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements of management's plans and objectives
for our future operations and statements of future economic performance, information regarding our expansion and possible results
from expansion, our expected growth, our capital budget and future capital requirements, the availability of funds and our ability
to meet future capital needs, and the assumptions described in this report underlying such forward-looking statements. Actual results
and developments could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such statements due to a number of factors, including,
without limitation, those described in the context of such forward-looking statements, our expansion and acquisition strategy,
our ability to achieve operating efficiencies, our ability to successfully develop and market new websites in the greater Asian
markets, the strength and financial resources of our competitors, our ability to raise sufficient capital in order to effectuate
our business plan, our ability to find and retain skilled personnel and key executives, the political and economic climate in which
we conduct operations and the risk factors described from time to time in our other documents and reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ). 

General   

We were incorporated in
the State of Nevada in January 2006 and are a development stage company. Our business is to develop and operate Internet websites
and applications on mobile platforms. We intend to earn revenues through advertisements sold on these websites and applications.
Our goal is to become the largest network of consumer-based websites and applications targeting viewers in the Hong Kong and Greater
China Basin with contents on travel, food, entertainment, activities and city life. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we
have launched the website www.drinkeat.com, which provides reviews of restaurants in Hong Kong. 

We plan to develop additional
websites and solicit advertisement for those websites through third-party agents. Presently, we own the following domain names:
 www.domainextremes.com  and  www.drinkeat.com . 

In November 2012, we terminated
Junk Calls. In the 1st quarter of 2014, we aborted the development of another iPhone application, BabyWorld because the developer
was not able to deliver the final version of the application. 

We are a controlled corporation
with the substantial majority of our shares held by Mi1 Global Limited ( Mi1 ), a company registered in the Republic
of Vanuatu. Mi1 acquired a 51% stake in our company in February 2016. As a result, there can be no assurance that our business
and/or our strategy will not change over time as a result of Mi1 s interest. 

Our Business   

We are an active developer
and operator of lifestyle-centered websites and mobile platform applications in the Hong Kong and Greater China Basin. We currently
own a number of domain names and intend to build content centered on travel, food, city life and entertainment in the region. 

Our content is delivered
through internet-connected browser-based devices such as personal computers, laptops and mobile devices. As a result, our content
is available globally and our distribution is potentially unlimited in breadth. Thus, while our primary market focus is Hong Kong
and the Greater China Basin, we are able to reach those consumers and content providers around the world who have an interest in
this region. 

Our site www.drinkeat.com,
also known as Hong Kong Restaurant Review, provides reviews on Hong Kong restaurants. We invite food critics to contribute review
articles on restaurants in Hong Kong either for a small fee or by obtaining their consent to post a previously printed article
without charge. Reviews are written in Chinese for the general public in Hong Kong and Chinese tourists who plan to visit Hong
Kong. Contributors are paid a nominal fee on a per-article basis either in cash, if available, or through the issuance of shares
in the Company. We rely on five active individual contributors to provide reviews, although we do not have formal agreements with
any. There are several websites providing similar reviews on Hong Kong restaurants. 

We believe that www.drinkeat.com
is among the top three of such websites in terms of popularity and depth of the articles. According to Google s PageRank ,
www.drinkeat.com is one of three restaurant review websites in Hong Kong with a ranking of 5 or higher out of the maximum 10 as
of the date of this Quarterly Report. 

According to Google s
corporate website, its PageRank  system reflects its view of the importance of viewed web pages by considering more than 500
million variables and 2 billion terms. Pages that it believes are important pages receive a higher PageRank  and are more likely
to appear at the top of the search results. Google assigns a numeric weighting from 0-10 for each webpage on the Internet, with
the PageRank  denoting a site s importance in the eyes of Google. The PageRank  of a particular page is roughly based
upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the PageRank  of the pages providing the links. Other factors, such as the relevance
of search words on the page and actual visits to the page reported by the Google toolbar, also influence the PageRank . However,
in order to prevent manipulation, Google provides no specific details about how such other factors influence the resulting PageRank . 

We launched our second
website, www.sowhat.asia, in beta version, in the 4th quarter of 2009. This site provides a portal for members to post photos and
videos focusing on areas in Hong Kong which they believe need improvement, including traffic, hygienic conditions, environmental
issues and current affairs and others. The purpose of these postings is to attract the attention of government departments and
concerned organizations with the ultimate objective that these issues will be rectified. Initial content has been provided by individuals
known to the Company's management without compensation. The testing of this website did not bring in satisfactory results. The
management decided to terminate this website in the 3rd quarter of 2013. 

We will gradually develop
other websites utilizing domain names we currently own or develop or acquire in the future. We plan to solicit advertisements through
third party agents. Depending on the nature of the content of the websites, prospective advertisers include restaurants, hotels,
travel agents, department stores and retail outlets. We also include pay-per-click advertisements in our websites. Our hope is
that when our network of websites has increased to at least five, we will be able to attract and retain more traffic, redirecting
users to other websites in our network. 

We have contracted with
programming firms in Hong Kong and China to develop websites for our network. Once a domain name and theme have been decided by
our directors, we contact potential development firms for initial discussion regarding our proposal. Our directors maintain close
contact with the programming firms during development of the website and conduct testing throughout the development process. Additionally,
we intend to carry out enhancements on our websites from time to time based upon member feedback. 

We will continue to develop
lifestyle applications on iPhone and other mobile platforms. 

Critical Accounting
Policies   

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

Our management routinely
makes judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions
affecting the probable future resolution of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex.
We have identified the following accounting policies, described below, as the most critical to an understanding of our current
financial condition and results of operations. 

Basic of Presentation   

The accompanying financial
statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of the
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all
short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company accounts for
the impairment of long-lived assets, such as plant and equipment, leasehold land and intangible assets, under the provisions of
FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 360 ( ASC 360 )  Property, Plant and Equipment   Overall 
(formerly known as SFAS No. 144,  Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  ( SFAS 144 )). ASC
360 establishes the accounting for impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill and for the disposal
of a business. Pursuant to ASC 360, the Company periodically evaluates, at least annually, whether facts or circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of its depreciable assets to be held and used may not be recoverable. If such circumstances
are determined to exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by the long-lived asset, or the appropriate grouping
of assets, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. In the event that the carrying amount
of long-lived assets exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, then the carrying amount of such assets is adjusted to their fair
value. The Company reports an impairment cost as a charge to operations at the time it is recognized. 

Income Taxes   

The Company utilizes FASB
Accounting Standard Codification Topic 740 ( ASC 740 )  Income taxes  (formerly known as SFAS No. 109,
 Accounting for Income Taxes ), which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred
income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC 740  Income taxes 
(formerly known as Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109  ( FIN 48 )) clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. This interpretation
requires that an entity recognizes in the financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than
not of being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized income tax positions are measured
at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in
the period in which the change in judgement occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the statements of operations. The adoption of ASC 740 did
not have a significant effect on the financial statements. 

Comprehensive Income   

The Company has adopted
FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 220 ( ASC 220 )  Comprehensive income  (formerly known as SFAS
No. 130,  Reporting Comprehensive Income ), which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive
income, its components and accumulated balances. Accumulated other comprehensive income represents the accumulated balance of foreign
currency translation adjustments of the Company. 

Stock-based Compensation   

The Company has adopted
FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 718 ( ASC 718 ),  Stock Compensation  (formerly known as SFAS
123(R), Share-Based Payment), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment
awards made to employees and directors including stock option grants based on estimated fair values. ASC 718 requires companies
to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the award s
portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods. Prior to the adoption
of ASC 718, we accounted for share-based awards to employees and directors using the intrinsic value method. Under the intrinsic
value method, share-based compensation expense was only recognized by us if the exercise price of the stock option was less than
the fair market value of the underlying stock at the date of grant. 

The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50  Equity  Based
Payments to Non-employees . Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees shall be based on the fair
value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair
value of the share-based payment transactions should be determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date .  

Issuance of shares for service   

The Company accounts for
the issuance of equity instruments to acquire goods and services based on the fair value of the goods and services or the fair
value of the equity instrument at the time of issuance, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

Foreign Currency Translations   

The functional currency
of the Company is Hong Kong dollars ( HK$ ). The Company maintains its financial statements in the functional currency.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional
currency at rates of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet dates. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional
currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Exchange
gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions are included in the determination of net income for the respective periods. 

For financial reporting
purposes, the financial statements of the Group which are prepared using the functional currency have been translated into United
States dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates and revenue and expenses
are translated at the average exchange rates and stockholders  equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Any translation
adjustments resulting are not included in determining net income but are included in foreign exchange adjustment to other comprehensive
income, a component of stockholders  equity. 

Fair value of financial
instruments   

The carrying values of the
Company s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, deposits, trade and other
payables approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of such instruments. The carrying amounts of borrowings approximate
their fair values because the applicable interest rates approximate current market rates. 

Earning per share   

Basic earnings per share
is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period while the effects of potential common shares
outstanding during the period are included in diluted earnings per share.  The average market price during the year is
used to compute equivalent shares. 

FASB Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 260 ( ASC 260 ),  Earnings Per Share,  requires that employee equity share options,
non-vested shares and similar equity instruments granted to employees be treated as potential common shares in computing diluted
earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share should be based on the actual number of options or shares granted and not yet forfeited,
unless doing so would be anti-dilutive. The Company uses the  treasury stock  method for equity instruments granted
in share-based payment transactions provided in ASC 260 to determine diluted earnings per share. 

Website Development
Costs   

The Company recognized the
costs associated with developing a website in accordance with ASC 350-50  Website Development Cost  that codified the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) Statement of Position ( SOP ) NO. 98-1,  Accounting
for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use . Relating to website development costs the Company
follows the guidance pursuant to the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) NO. 00-2,  Accounting for Website Development Costs .
The website development costs are divided into three stages, planning, development and production. The development stage can further
be classified as application and infrastructure development, graphics development and content development. In short, website development
cost for internal use should be capitalized except content input and data conversion costs in content development stage. 

Costs associated with the
website consist primarily of website development costs paid to third party and directors. These capitalized costs will be amortized
based on their estimated useful life over three years upon the website becoming operational. Internal costs related to the development
of website content will be charged to operations as incurred. Web-site development costs related to the customers are charged to
cost of sales. 

Revenue recognition   

The Company recognized
revenues from advertising insertion revenue in the period in which the advertisement is displayed, provided that evidence of an
arrangement exists, the fees are fixed or determinable and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. If fixed-fee
advertising is displayed over a term greater than one month, revenues are recognized ratably over the period as described below.
The majority of insertion orders have terms that begin and end in a quarterly reporting period. In the cases where at the end of
a quarterly reporting period the term of an insertion order is not complete, the Company recognizes revenue for the period by pro-rating
the total arrangement fee to revenue and deferred revenue based on a measure of proportionate performance of its obligation under
the insertion order. The Company measures proportionate performance by the number of placements delivered and undelivered as of
the reporting date. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   

The FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments relate to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good
or service to a customer. Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers requires an entity to determine whether the nature of
its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (i.e., the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or
service to be provided to the customer by the other party (i.e., the entity is an agent). 

The amendments are intended
to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by clarifying
the following: 

-An entity determines
whether it is a principal or an agent for each specified good or service promised to a customer. 

 -An entity determines
the nature of each specified or service (e.g., whether it is a good, service, or a right to a good or service). 

 -When another entity is
involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity that is a principal obtains control of: (a) a good or another
asset from the other party that it then transfers to the customer; (b) a right to a service that will be performed by another party,
which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to provide the service to the customer on the entity s behalf; or
(c) a good or service from the other party that it combines with other goods or services to provide the specified good or service
to the customer. 

 -The purpose of the indicators
in paragraph 606-10-55-39 is to support or assist in the assessment of control. The amendments in paragraph 606-10-55-39A clarify
that the indicators may be more or less relevant to the control assessment and that one or more indicators may be more or less
persuasive to the control assessment, depending on the facts and circumstances. 

The amendments amend certain
existing illustrative examples and add additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. 

The FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.
The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation
guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. 

The effective date and
transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606. Public
entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting
periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public entities is permitted only as
of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
The effective date for nonpublic entities is deferred by one year. 

Identifying Performance
Obligations 

Before an entity can identify
its performance obligations in a contract with a customer, the entity first identifies the promised goods or services in the contract.
The amendments add the following guidance: 

1. An entity is not required
to assess whether promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract
with the customer. 

2. An entity is permitted,
as an accounting policy election, to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control
of a good as an activity to fulfill the promise to transfer the good rather than as an additional promised service. 

To identify performance
obligations in a contract, an entity evaluates whether promised goods and services are distinct. The amendments improve the guidance
on assessing the promises are separately identifiable criterion by: 

1. Better articulating
the principle for determining whether promises to transfer goods or services to a customer are separately identifiable by emphasizing
that an entity determines whether the nature of its promise in the contract is to transfer each of the goods or services or whether
the promise is to transfer a combined item (or items) to which the promised goods and/or services are inputs. 

2. Revising the related
factors and examples to align with the improved articulation of the separately identifiable principle. 

Licensing Implementation
Guidance 

Topic 606 includes implementation
guidance on determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the
entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual
property (which is satisfied over time). The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing
implementation guidance by clarifying the following: 

1. An entity s promise
to grant a customer a license to intellectual property that has significant standalone functionality (e.g., the ability to process
a transaction, perform a function or task, or be played or aired) does not include supporting or maintaining that intellectual
property during the license period. 

2. An entity s promise
to grant a customer a license to symbolic intellectual property (that is, intellectual property that does not have significant
standalone functionality) includes supporting or maintaining that intellectual property during the license period. 

3. An entity considers
the nature of its promise in granting a license, regardless of whether the license is distinct, in order to apply the other guidance
in Topic 606 to a single performance obligation that includes a license and other goods or services (in particular, the guidance
on determining whether a performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and the guidance on how best to measure
progress toward the complete satisfaction of a performance obligation satisfied over time). 

Results of Operations for the Three and
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Net Sales   

We generated revenues of
$1,885 and $5,654 for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,073 and $6,219 for the
three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in revenue was mainly due to discounts offered to our
advertisers. Our principal source of revenues is from advertising banners on our websites. We also intend to generate future revenues
from advertising and user fees related to our mobile phone applications.  

Net Income (Loss)   

We have incurred a net
loss of $8,997 and $19,902 for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2016 and $24,041 and $51,799 for the
three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2015, principally due to a substantial decrease in our administrative
expenses as we have decreased our development activities. 

We incurred general, administrative
and operating expenses of $10,882 and $36,633 for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2016 and $26,114
and $58,018 for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2015. Of these amounts, $10,500 and $21,000 related
to the value of cash compensation to our directors for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2015. In addition,
a substantial portion of our expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to accounting service fees,
staff service fees, legal and professional service fees, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to
audit fees and accounting service fees. 

Income Taxes   

Due to our lack of revenues,
we have not incurred any tax obligations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. However, we would anticipate
that income tax obligations will arise as we begin to generate significant revenue in the future. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

Our total assets at September
30, 2016 were $7,754 compared to $39 at December 31, 2015. Our total liabilities were $265,735 at September 30, 2016 compared to
$238,118 at December 31, 2015, principally due to the increase of $29,927 in advance from related parties. As a result, there was
a working capital deficit of $257,981 on September 30, 2016 and it was $238,079 as of December 31, 2015. It increased $19,902. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $7,754, compared to $39 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $7,715. The increase is principally
due to the increase in cash provided by operation. 

Currently, we have limited
operating capital. We expect that our current capital and our other existing resources will be sufficient only to provide a limited
amount of working capital, and the revenues, if any, generated from our business operations alone may not be sufficient to fund
our operations or planned growth. We will likely require additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further
expand our business. 

The Company is working
hard on reducing the expenses and so we expect our cash flow needs over the next 12 months through October 2017 to be approximately
$49,000. However, this amount may be materially increased if market conditions are favorable for a more rapid expansion of our
business model or if we adjust our model to exploit strategic acquisition opportunities. In addition, we may require additional
cash flow to support our public company reporting requirements in the United States. Although our average monthly expenditures
to date have averaged less than $4,100, we expect this rate to increase exponentially as our business expands. To date, we have
been financed principally by our directors; however, we expect to secure third party financing or bank loans as necessary until
we secure sufficient revenues, principally from advertisers on our websites, to sustain our ongoing operations. 

Sources of additional capital
through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or revolving
credit facilities. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all,
and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. Our inability to raise additional funds when required may have a negative
impact on our operations, business development and financial results. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

The information to be reported under this Item
is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods. Our President (principal executive officer) and
our Treasurer (principal financial officer) (collectively, the  Certifying Officers ) are responsible for maintaining
our disclosure controls and procedures. The controls and procedures established by us are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. 

During the third quarter
of 2016, our Certifying Officers evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the applicable rules
and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Certifying Officers, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are aware
that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the system are met, and that maintenance of disclosure controls and procedures is an ongoing process that may
change over time. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

The information to be reported under this Item
is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

(1)    
     
         Exhibits: Exhibits required to be attached by Item 601 of Regulation
        S-K are listed in the Index to Exhibits following the signature page of this Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DOMAIN EXTREMES INC.   

Dated: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
     
         /s/ Lim Kock Chiang  

Lim Kock Chiang  

Chairman and Director  

(Chief Executive Officer)  

Dated: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
     
         /s/ Kok Seng Yeap  

Kok Seng Yeap  

Vice-Chairman and Director  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 domain_10q-3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1   

RULE 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a)
CERTIFICATION  

  For Form 10-Q for the Period
Ended September 30, 2016  

I, LIM Kock Chiang, Chairman, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Domain Extremes Inc. (the  registrant );   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)    
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)    
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors     (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)    
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)    
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ Lim Kock Chiang        
 Lim Kock Chiang   
 
      Chairman   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 domain_10q-3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2   

RULE 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION  

  For Form 10-Q for the Period Ended September
30, 2016  

I, KOK Seng Yeap, Vice-Chairman, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Domain Extremes Inc. (the  registrant );   

2.   
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)    
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)    
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)    
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)    
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ Kok Seng Yeap          
 Kok Seng Yeap   
 
      Vice-Chairman   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 domain_10q-3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Domain Extremes
Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, LIM Kock Chiang, Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ Lim Kock Chiang        
 Lim Kock Chiang   
 
      Chairman   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 domain_10q-3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Domain Extremes
Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, KOK Seng Yeap, Vice-Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ Kok Seng Yeap          
 Kok Seng Yeap   
 
      Vice-Chairman   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 dnme-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dnme-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dnme-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dnme-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dnme-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dnme-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

