<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1065087_0001144204-16-132826_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7793645</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156839</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>436193</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2107762</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3547803</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1401547</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132826.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132826
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001065087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				141742717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35622
		FILM NUMBER:		161984790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 15098
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12203-5154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5184640279

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 15098
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12203-5154

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132826.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451842_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the transition period from               to  

Commission file number: 001-35622  

ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

DELAWARE   
       14-1742717    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

26 Corporate Circle  

  Albany, New York 12203  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(518) 512-2000  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes      x  
       
      No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes      x  
       
      No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer   x  

Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes         
       
      No      x   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH, INC. 

 INDEX 

Part I.  
       
       Financial Information   
      3   

Item
    1.  
       
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item
    2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      28   

Item
    3.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      36   

Item
    4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
      36   

Part II.  
       
       Other Information   
      37   

Item
    1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
      37   

Item
    1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
      37   

Item
    2.  
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      38   

Item
    6.  
       
       Exhibits   
      39   

Signatures   

40   

Exhibit Index  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.       Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Albany Molecular Research, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Albany Molecular Research, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Loss  

  (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Albany Molecular Research, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Albany Molecular Research, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows   

  (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

(All amounts in thousands, except per share amounts, unless
otherwise noted) 

Note 1   Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting
Policies  

Nature of Business and Operations  

Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (the
 Company ) is a leading global contract research and manufacturing organization providing customers fully integrated
drug discovery, development, and manufacturing services. It supplies a broad range of services and technologies supporting the
discovery and development of pharmaceutical products, the manufacturing of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients ( API )
and the development and manufacturing of drug product for new and generic drugs, as well as research, development and manufacturing
for the agrochemical and other industries. With locations in the United States, Europe, and Asia, the Company maintains geographic
proximity to its customers and flexible cost models. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. In accordance with Rule 10-01, the unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for complete consolidated financial statements. The year-end Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet data was
derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments) considered necessary for
a fair statement of the results for the interim period have been included. Operating results for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other period or for the year
ending December 31, 2016. The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction
with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries as of and for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated during consolidation. Assets
and liabilities of non-U.S. operations are translated at period-end rates of exchange, and the statements of operations are translated
at the average rates of exchange for the period. Gains or losses resulting from translating non-U.S. currency financial statements
are recorded in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and in  Accumulated other comprehensive
loss, net  in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. When necessary, prior years  unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

Use of Management Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include assumptions regarding the valuation of inventory, intangible assets,
and long-lived assets, assumptions associated with the Company s accounting for business combinations and goodwill impairment
assessment, and the amount and realizability of deferred tax assets. Other significant estimates include assumptions utilized in
determining actuarial obligations in conjunction with the Company s pension and postretirement health plans, assumptions
utilized in determining stock-based compensation, environmental remediation liabilities, as well as those utilized in determining
the value of both the notes hedges and the notes conversion derivative and the assumptions related to the collectability of receivables.
Actual results can vary from these estimates. 

Contract Revenue Recognition  

The Company s contract revenue consists
primarily of amounts earned under contracts with third-party customers and reimbursed expenses under such contracts. Reimbursed
expenses consist of chemicals and other project specific costs. The Company also seeks to include provisions in certain contracts
that contain a combination of up-front licensing fees, milestone and royalty payments should the Company s proprietary technology
and expertise lead to the discovery of new products that become commercial. Generally, the Company s contracts may be terminated
by the customer upon 30 days  to two years  prior notice, depending on the terms and/or size of the contract.
The Company analyzes its agreements to determine whether the elements can be separated and accounted for individually or as a single
unit of accounting in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 605-25,  Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables,  and Staff Accounting Bulletin
( SAB ) 104,  Revenue Recognition.  Allocation of revenue to individual elements that qualify for separate
accounting is based on the separate selling prices determined for each component, and total contract consideration is then allocated
based on relative fair value across the components of the arrangement. If separate selling prices are not available, the Company
will use its best estimate of such selling prices, consistent with the overall pricing strategy and after consideration of relevant
market factors. 

The Company generates contract revenue
under the following types of contracts: 

Fixed-Fee . Under a fixed-fee contract,
the Company charges a fixed agreed-upon amount for a deliverable. Fixed-fee contracts have fixed deliverables upon completion of
the project. Typically, the Company recognizes revenue for fixed-fee contracts after projects are completed and when delivery is
made or title and risk of loss otherwise transfers to the customer, and collection is reasonably assured. In certain instances,
the Company s customers request that the Company retain materials produced upon completion of the project due to the fact
that the customer does not have a qualified facility to store those materials or for other reasons. In these instances, the revenue
recognition process is considered complete when project documents have been delivered to the customer, as required under the arrangement,
or other customer-specific contractual conditions have been satisfied. 

Full-time Equivalent ( FTE ) . An
FTE agreement establishes the number of Company employees contracted for a project or a series of projects, the duration of the
contract period, the price per FTE, plus an allowance for chemicals and other project specific costs, which may or may not be incorporated
in the FTE rate. FTE contracts can run in one month increments, but typically have terms of six months or longer. FTE contracts
typically provide for annual adjustments in billing rates for the scientists assigned to the contract. 

These contracts involve the Company s
scientists providing services on a  best efforts  basis on a project that may involve a research component with a timeframe
or outcome that has some level of unpredictability. There are no fixed deliverables that must be met for payment as part of these
services. As such, the Company recognizes revenue under FTE contracts as services are performed according to the terms of the contract. 

Time and Materials . Under a time
and materials contract, the Company charges customers an hourly rate plus reimbursement for chemicals and other project specific
costs. The Company recognizes revenue for time and materials contracts based on the number of hours devoted to the project multiplied
by the customer s billing rate plus other project specific costs incurred. 

Recurring Royalty and Milestone Revenues  

Recurring Royalty Revenue  . 
Recurring royalties have historically related to royalties under a license agreement with Sanofi based on the worldwide net sales
of fexofenadine HCl, marketed as Allegra in the Americas and Telfast elsewhere, as well as on sales of Sanofi s authorized
or licensed generics and sales by certain authorized sub-licensees. These royalty payments ceased in May 2015 due to the expiration
of patents under the license agreement. The Company currently receives royalties on net sales of generic products sold by Allergan,
plc ( Allergan ) in conjunction with a Development and Supply Agreement. The Company records royalty revenue in the
period in which the net sales of the product occur. Royalty payments from Allergan are due within 60 days after each calendar quarter
and are determined based on sales of the qualifying products in that quarter. The Company also receives royalties on certain other
products.    

Up-Front License Fees and Milestone
Revenue  .  The Company recognizes revenue from up-front non-refundable licensing fees on a straight-line basis over the
period of the underlying project. The Company will recognize revenue arising from a substantive milestone payment upon the successful
achievement of the event, and the resolution of any uncertainties or contingencies regarding potential collection of the related
payment, or if appropriate over the remaining term of the agreement. 

Proprietary Drug Development Arrangements  

The Company has discovered and
conducted the early development of several new drug candidates, and has out-licensed certain of these candidates to partners
for further development in return for a potential combination of up-front license fees, milestone payments and recurring
royalty payments if compounds resulting from the Company s intellectual property are successfully developed into new
drugs and reach the market. The Company does not anticipate milestone or recurring royalty payments under its current license
arrangements for proprietary drug candidates to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated
operating results, financial position, or cash flows. 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted
Cash  

Cash equivalents consist of money market
accounts and overnight deposits. For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid
investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company s cash and cash equivalents
are held principally at seven financial institutions and at times may exceed insured limits.  The Company has placed these
funds in high quality institutions in order to minimize risk relating to exceeding insured limits. 

Restricted cash balances at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 are required pursuant to the Company s Singapore lease agreements. The additional restricted cash
balance at December 31, 2015 was required as collateral for the letters of credit associated with the Company s debt agreements. 

Long-Lived Assets  

The Company assesses the impairment of
a long-lived asset group whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors
the Company considers important that could trigger an impairment review include, among others, the following: 

a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset group is being used;   

a significant change in the business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset group; or   

a significant decrease in the market value of assets.   

If the Company determines that the carrying
value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment,
the Company compares the carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset
group. If the carrying value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is indicated. An impairment charge is recognized
to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value and will reduce only the carrying amounts of the
long-lived assets. 

Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities  

The Company accounts for derivatives in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging,  which establishes accounting and reporting standards
requiring that derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or a liability measured at fair value.
Additionally, changes in a derivative s fair value shall be recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting
criteria are met. The Company recognizes changes in fair value associated with non-qualified derivatives in  Other (expense)
income, net  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. If required hedge accounting criteria are met, then
changes in fair value are recorded in accumulative other comprehensive loss, net. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets other than Inventory, 
which requires entities to recognize the tax impacts of all intra-entity sales of assets other than inventory even though the pre-tax
effects of those transactions are eliminated in consolidation.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017 and for interim periods therein with early adoption permitted. The new standard is required to be adopted
in a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings to write off any unamortized
tax expense previously deferred and record any previously unrecognized net deferred tax assets. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In August 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, 
which provides clarification guidance on eight specific cash flow presentation issues that have developed due to diversity in practice.
The issues include, but are not limited to, debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds from
the settlement of insurance claims, and cash receipts from payments on beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The
new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods therein with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: (Topic 606).  This ASU affects any entity that
either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial
assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU
will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition,  and most industry-specific
guidance. In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that
are not in a contract with a customer (e.g., assets within the scope of ASC Topic 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment, 
and intangible assets within the scope of ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles-Goodwill and Other ) are amended to be consistent
with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU. The core principle of the guidance
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  In July 2015,
the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09. This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods within
those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is not permitted. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net).  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  and ASU No. 2016-11,  Revenue
Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates
2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting.  These amendments provide additional
clarification and implementation guidance on the previously issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606),  discussed above. 

The amendments
in ASU No. 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation
and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. ASU No. 2016-10 clarifies the following two aspects
of ASU No. 2014-09; identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance. ASU No. 2016-11 rescinds several
SEC Staff Announcements that are codified in Topic 605, including, among other items, guidance relating to accounting for consideration
given by a vendor to a customer, as well as accounting for shipping and handling fees and freight services. ASU No. 2016-12 provides
clarification to Topic 606 on how to assess collectability, present sales tax, treat noncash consideration, and account for completed
and modified contracts at the time of transition. In addition, ASU No. 2016-12 clarifies that an entity retrospectively applying
the guidance in Topic 606 is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change in the period of adoption. The effective
date and transition requirements for these amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU No.
2014-09. The Company is currently assessing the impact of these ASUs and ASU No. 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, 
which changes the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods therein with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires
a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the
income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases
existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with
certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  This ASU simplifies the measurement of inventory by requiring certain inventory
to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods therein. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which defines management s responsibility to assess an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures if there is substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. The pronouncement is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That
a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  This ASU requires that a performance target that
affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. This ASU
is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption
of this ASU as of January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2   Earnings Per Share  

The shares used in the computation of the
Company s basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows: 

The Company has excluded certain outstanding
stock options, non-vested restricted stock and warrants from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because of anti-dilutive effects. The weighted average number of anti-dilutive common
equivalents outstanding (before the effects of the treasury stock method) was 11,838 and 11,962 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 11,815 and 12,028 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
amounts are not included in the calculation of weighted average common shares outstanding. 

Note 3   Business Acquisitions  

Euticals   

 On July 11, 2016, the Company purchased
from Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. all of the capital stock of Prime European Therapeuticals S.p.A., ( Euticals ) (such
acquisition, the  Euticals Acquisition ), a privately-held company headquartered in Lodi, Italy, specializing in custom
synthesis and the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients with a network of facilities located primarily in Italy, Germany,
the U.S. and France. 

The aggregate net purchase price was $279,376
(net of cash acquired of $20,784), which consisted of (i) the issuance of 7,051 unregistered shares of common stock subject to
a six month lock-up provision, valued at $91,765 (net of lock-up provision discount of $9,633), (ii) the issuance of two unsecured
promissory notes to Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. with a combined face value of  55,000, or $60,783, that were valued at $44,342
(net of an original issue discount of $16,441) (the  Euticals Seller Notes ), and (iii) $143,269 in cash. The purchase
price is subject to certain working capital and debt-like items adjustments which have not yet be finalized by the Company and
Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. 

The aggregate purchase price has been preliminarily
allocated based on an estimate of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired as of the acquisition date. The allocation
of acquisition consideration for Euticals is based on estimates, assumptions, valuations and other studies which have not yet been
finalized in order to make a definitive allocation. The Company is finalizing the allocation of purchase price to intangibles,
property and equipment, working capital, environmental remediation liabilities and income taxes. The following table summarizes
the allocation of the preliminary aggregate purchase price to the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired: 

The Company has attributed the goodwill
of $69,502 to an expanded global footprint and additional market opportunities that the Euticals business offers primarily within
the API, Discovery and Development Services ( DDS ) and Fine Chemicals ( FC ) segments. The goodwill is
not deductible for tax purposes. Intangible assets acquired consisted of customer relationships of $7,184, with an estimated life
of 9 years, developed technology of $49,179, with an estimated life of 16 years, and manufacturing intellectual property and know-how
of $7,736, with an estimated life of 18 years. 

Whitehouse Laboratories   

 On December 15, 2015, the Company acquired
all the outstanding equity interests of Whitehouse Analytical Laboratories, LLC ( Whitehouse ), a leading provider
of testing services that includes chemical and material analysis, method development and validation and quality control verification
services to the pharmaceutical, medical device and personal care industries. Whitehouse offers a comprehensive array of testing
solutions for life sciences from materials and excipients, container qualification and container closure integrity testing, routine
analytical chemistry, drug delivery systems and device qualification programs, packaging, distribution, and stability and storage
programs. The aggregate net purchase price was $55,986 (net of cash acquired of $377), which included the issuance of 137 shares
of common stock, valued at $1,800, with the balance comprised of $53,924 in cash, plus a working capital adjustment of $262. 

The purchase price was increased in the first quarter of 2016
by $262 due to the finalization of the net working capital adjustment. The purchase price was reduced in the first quarter of 2016
to recognize the discount associated with the 137 unregistered shares issued in conjunction with the Whitehouse acquisition in
the amount of $200. These adjustments resulted in a net increase of goodwill of $62. 

Gadea Grupo   

 On July 16, 2015, the Company completed
the purchase of Gadea Grupo Farmaceutico, S.L. ( Gadea ), a contract manufacturer of complex active pharmaceutical
ingredients and finished drug product. Gadea operates within the Company's API and Drug Product ( DP ) segments.
The aggregate net purchase price was $127,572 (net of cash acquired of $10,961), which included the issuance of 2,200 shares of
common stock, valued at $40,568, with the balance comprised of $96,961 in cash, plus a working capital adjustment of $1,004. The
purchase price has been allocated based on the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired as of the acquisition date. 

The purchase price was adjusted in the
first quarter of 2016 by $676 due to the finalization of the net working capital adjustment. The purchase price allocation was
adjusted in the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the recognition of an environmental remediation liability of $1,542, and
a corresponding indemnification receivable from the seller of $771. The purchase price allocation was adjusted in the second quarter
of 2016 to reduce the estimated uncertain tax position liabilities associated with pre-acquisition tax years by $498, and to reduce
the corresponding indemnification receivable from the seller by $293. These adjustments resulted in a net increase of goodwill
of approximately $1,200. 

The Company has attributed the goodwill
of $51,358 to an expanded global footprint and additional market opportunities that the Gadea business offers. The goodwill has
been allocated between business segments, with API of $30,879 and DP of $20,479, and is not deductible for tax purposes. Intangible
assets acquired consisted of customer relationships of $24,000 (with an estimated life of 13 years), a tradename of $4,100 (with
an indefinite estimated life), intellectual property of $11,900 (with an estimated life of 15 years), in-process research and development
of $18,000 (with an indefinite estimated life), and $200 of order backlog. 

SSCI   

 On February 13, 2015, the Company completed
the purchase of assets and assumed certain liabilities of Aptuit's Solid State Chemical Information business, now AMRI SSCI, LLC
( SSCI ), for total consideration of $35,850. SSCI brings extensive material science knowledge and technology and expands
the Company s capabilities in analytical testing to include peptides, proteins and oligonucleotides. SSCI has been assigned
to the DDS segment. 

Glasgow   

 On January 8, 2015, the Company completed
the purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Aptuit's Glasgow, U.K. business, now Albany Molecular Research (Glasgow)
Limited ( Glasgow ), for total consideration of $23,805 (net of cash acquired of $146). The Glasgow facility extends
the Company s capabilities to sterile injectable drug product pre-formulation, formulation and clinical stage manufacturing.
Glasgow has been assigned to the DP segment. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Statements of
Operations   

 The following table shows the unaudited
pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as if the Euticals Acquisition had occurred
on January 1, 2015, and as if the Gadea, Whitehouse, SSCI and Glasgow acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2014. This pro forma
information does not purport to represent what the Company s actual results would have been if the acquisitions had occurred
as of the dates indicated or what such results would be for any future periods.  

The following table shows the pro forma
adjustments made to the weighted average shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

For the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016, pre-tax net income was adjusted by reducing expenses by $14,911 and $19,873, respectively, for acquisition
related costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, pre-tax net income was adjusted by reducing expenses by
$12,835 and $19,493, respectively, for purchase accounting related inventory costs. Pre-tax net income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was adjusted by increasing expenses by $1,907 for purchase accounting related depreciation and amortization. 

The Company partially funded the Euticals
Acquisition utilizing the proceeds from a $230,000 term loan that was provided for in conjunction with the Third Restated Credit
Agreement, entered into with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agents and collateral agents,
and the lenders party thereto (the  Third Restated Credit Agreement ), which was completed on July 7, 2016, along with
the issuance of the Euticals Seller Notes on July 11, 2016 (see Note 5). The Company did not have sufficient cash on hand to complete
the acquisition as of January 1, 2015. For the purposes of presenting the pro forma statements of operations for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has assumed that it entered into the Third Restated Credit Agreement and issued
the Euticals Seller Notes on January 1, 2015 for an amount sufficient to fund the preliminary cash consideration to acquire Euticals
as of that date. The pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflect the recognition
of interest expense that would have been incurred had the Third Restated Credit Agreement and the Euticals Seller Notes been entered
into on January 1, 2015. The Company has recorded $4,437 of pro forma interest expense on the Third Restated Credit Agreement and
the Euticals Seller Notes for the purposes of presenting the pro forma statements of operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

During the three month period ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recognized income tax expense of $4,715 to establish a deferred tax liability associated with the original issue
discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of the Euticals Seller Notes. For the purposes of presenting the pro forma
condensed combined statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has assumed
that it would have been required to recognize this deferred tax liability on January 1, 2015, assuming a January 1, 2015
acquisition date. During the three month period ended June 30, 2016, the Company established a valuation allowance against
its U.S. deferred tax assets.  For the purposes of presenting the pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has assumed that it would have been required to establish
a valuation allowance against the combined U.S. deferred tax assets of the Company and Euticals on January 1, 2015, assuming
a January 1, 2015 acquisition date.  In addition, the pro forma adjustments to net income incorporate, at the applicable
effective rates (including the effect of establishing a valuation allowance against the combined U.S. deferred tax assets of
the Company and Euticals), the tax effects of the pro forma pre-tax adjustments noted above. 

The following table shows the unaudited
pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, as if the Euticals Acquisition had occurred
on January 1, 2015, and as if the Gadea, Whitehouse, SSCI and Glasgow acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2014. This pro forma
information does not purport to represent what the Company s actual results would have been if the acquisitions had occurred
as of the date indicated or what such results would be for any future periods.  

The following table shows the pro forma
adjustments made to the weighted average shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

For the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2015, pre-tax net income was adjusted by reducing expenses by $1,326 and $1,635, respectively, for acquisition related
costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, pre-tax net income was adjusted by reducing and increasing expenses
by $3,081 and $21,064, respectively, for purchase accounting related inventory costs. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, pre-tax net income was adjusted by increasing expenses by $473 and $2,910, respectively, for purchase accounting related
depreciation and amortization. 

The Company partially funded the acquisition
of Euticals utilizing the proceeds from a $230,000 term loan that was provided for in conjunction with the Third Restated Credit
Agreement, which was completed on July 7, 2016, along with the issuance of the Euticals Seller Notes on July 11, 2016 (see Note
5). The Company did not have sufficient cash on hand to complete the acquisition as of January 1, 2015. For the purposes of presenting
the pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has assumed that it
entered into the Third Restated Credit Agreement and issued the Euticals Seller Notes on January 1, 2015 for an amount sufficient
to fund the preliminary cash consideration to acquire Euticals as of that date. The pro forma statements of operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflect the recognition of interest expense that would have been incurred had the
Third Restated Credit Agreement and the Euticals Seller Notes been entered into on January 1, 2015. The Company has recorded $2,218
and $ 6,655, respectively, of pro forma interest expense on the Third Restated Credit Agreement and the Euticals Seller Notes for
the purposes of presenting the pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company partially funded the acquisition
of Whitehouse utilizing the proceeds from a $30,000 revolving line of credit pursuant to a $230,000 senior secured credit agreement
with Barclays Bank PLC (the  Credit Agreement ) that was completed in July 2015 (see Note 5). For purposes of presenting
the pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has assumed that it
borrowed on the revolving line of credit on January 1, 2014 for an amount sufficient to fund the cash consideration to acquire
Whitehouse as of that date. The pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflects
the recognition of interest expense that would have been incurred on the revolving line of credit had it been entered into on January
1, 2014. The Company has recorded $425 and $1,276, respectively, of pro forma interest expense on the revolving line of credit
for the purposes of presenting the pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company partially funded the
acquisition of Gadea utilizing the proceeds from a $200,000 term loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Company did not
have sufficient cash on hand to complete the acquisition as of January 1, 2014. For the purposes of presenting the pro forma
statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has assumed that it entered into
the Credit Agreement on January 1, 2014 for an amount sufficient to fund the preliminary cash consideration to acquire Gadea
as of that date. The pro forma statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflect the
recognition of interest expense that would have been incurred on the Credit Agreement had it been entered into on January 1,
2014. The Company has recorded $4,200 of pro forma interest expense on the Credit Agreement for the purposes of presenting
the pro forma statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

During the three month period ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recognized income tax expense of $4,715 to establish a deferred tax liability associated with the original issue
discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of the Euticals Seller Notes. For the purposes of presenting the pro forma
condensed combined statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has assumed
that it would have been required to recognize this deferred tax liability on January 1, 2015, assuming a January 1, 2015
acquisition date. During the three month period ended June 30, 2016, the Company established a valuation allowance against
its U.S. deferred tax assets.  For the purposes of presenting the pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has assumed that it would have been required to establish
a valuation allowance against the combined U.S. deferred tax assets of the Company and Euticals on January 1, 2015, assuming
a January 1, 2015 acquisition date.  In addition, the pro forma adjustments to net income incorporate, at the applicable
effective rates (including the effect of establishing a valuation allowance against the combined U.S. deferred tax assets of
the Company and Euticals), the tax effects of the pro forma pre-tax adjustments noted above. 

Note 4   Inventory  

Inventory consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

(a)  Certain adjustments have been made to December 31, 2015 inventory classifications to conform
                                                                 to current year presentation.   

Note 5   Debt  

Short-Term Borrowings  

In connection with the Euticals Acquisition,
the Company assumed the short-term borrowing obligations of Euticals, consisting of multiple bank revolving lines of credit with
a maximum borrowing capacity of  41,450, or $46,470, (the  Euticals Revolving Credit Facilities ). The Euticals
Revolving Credit Facilities support Euticals  short-term working capital needs and are collateralized, in part, by certain
Euticals trade receivables balances. The Euticals Revolving Credit Facilities are subject to variable interest rates and the average
effective interest rate was 4.02% during the period July 12, 2016 to September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate
outstanding balance under the Euticals Revolving Credit Facilities was $20,787 and the related trade receivables collateral was
$12,855. 

Long-Term Debt  

The following table summarizes long-term debt: 

The aggregate maturities of long-term debt, exclusive of unamortized
debt discount of $34,951 at September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

Term Loans   

In connection with the Euticals Acquisition,
on July 7, 2016, the Company entered into the Third Restated Credit Agreement, which (i) provides incremental senior secured first
lien term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $230,000 (the  Incremental Term Loans ) which increased the aggregate
principal amount of senior secured first lien term loans under the Credit Agreement to $428,500 and (ii) increased the first lien
revolving credit facility commitments by $5,000 to $35,000. The Company used the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loans primarily
to: (i) pay a portion of the cash consideration for the Euticals Acquisition; (ii) pay various fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the Euticals Acquisition and related financing activities; and (iii) repay the $30,000 outstanding under the first lien revolving
credit facility. 

The Third Restated Credit Agreement requires
that the Company make quarterly repayments toward the Incremental Term Loans principal of $579 beginning on September 30, 2016,
with all remaining unpaid principal amounts of the Incremental Term Loans maturing and payable on July 16, 2021. The revolving
credit facility commitments under the Third Restated Credit Agreement terminate and all amounts then outstanding thereunder are
payable on July 16, 2020, subject, in each case, to earlier acceleration (i) to six months prior to the scheduled maturity date
of the Company s 2.25% Cash Convertible Senior Notes issued on December 4, 2013 (the  Notes ) if on such date,
both (x) more than $25,000 of the Notes shall remain outstanding and (y) the ratio the secured debt of the Company and its subsidiaries
to the EBITDA of the Company and its subsidiaries exceeds 1.50:1.00 and (ii) to April 7, 2019, April 7, 2020 or April 7, 2021,
respectively, in each case to the extent that at any such date the Company has not (x) prepaid or otherwise satisfied the amortization
or final maturity payment amounts to next come due under each Euticals Seller Note then outstanding or (y) refinanced such amortization
or final maturity payment amount to next come due under each Euticals Seller Note then outstanding in a manner permitted by the
Third Restated Credit Agreement. 

At the Company s election, loans
made under the Third Restated Credit Agreement bear interest at (a) the one-month, three-month or six-month LIBOR rate subject
to a floor of 1.0% (the  LIBOR Rate ) or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the United States
federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the rate of interest quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the  Prime Rate,  and
(iii) a daily rate equal to the one-month LIBOR Rate plus 1.0%, subject to a floor of 2.0% (the  Base Rate ), plus
an applicable margin of 4.75% per annum for LIBOR Rate loans and 3.75% per annum for Base Rate loans. 

The obligations under the Third Restated
Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each material domestic subsidiary of the Company (each a  Guarantor ) and are secured
by first priority liens on, and security interests in, substantially all of the present and after-acquired assets of the Company
and each Guarantor subject to certain customary exceptions. 

The components of the term loans are as
follows: 

Euticals Seller Notes   

As indicated in Note 3, in connection with
the Euticals Acquisition, on July 11, 2016, the Company issued two notes to Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. with a combined face value
of  55,000, that were valued at $44,342 (net of original issue discount of $16,441). The Euticals Seller Notes are unsecured
promissory notes, guaranteed by the Company, and are subject to customary representations and warranties and events of default
with repayment to be made in three equal annual installments made on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the Euticals
Acquisition closing date. The repayment is subject to certain set off rights of the Company relating to the seller s indemnification
obligations. The Euticals Seller Notes are subject to an interest rate equal to 0.25% per annum, which is due and payable in cash
on the first day of January, April, July and October during each calendar year. The Euticals Seller Notes were recognized net of
an original issue discount of $16,441. 

As of September 30, 2016, the components
of the Euticals Seller Notes were as follows: 

Convertible Senior Notes   

On December 4, 2013, the Company completed
the private offering of $150,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes.  The Notes mature on November 15, 2018, unless earlier
repurchased or converted into cash in accordance with their terms prior to such date and interest is paid in arrears semiannually
on each May 15 and November 15 at an annual rate of 2.25% beginning on May 15, 2014. The Notes were offered and sold only to qualified
institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). 

The Notes are not convertible into the
Company's common stock or any other securities under any circumstances. Holders may convert their Notes solely into cash at their
option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2018 only under the following
circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2013 (and only during
such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or
not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar
quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day
period after any five consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per thousand dollars principal amount of Notes
for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company's
common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or
after May 15, 2018 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders
may convert their Notes solely into cash at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, in lieu of receiving
shares of the Company's common stock, a holder will receive, per thousand dollars principal amount of Notes, an amount in cash
equal to the settlement amount, determined in the manner set forth in the indenture. The initial conversion rate is 63.9844 shares
of the Company's common stock per thousand dollars principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately
$15.63 per share of common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon certain events as described in the indenture
but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior
to the maturity date, the Company has agreed to pay a cash make-whole premium by increasing the conversion rate for a holder who
elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event in certain circumstances as described in the indenture. 

The Company may not redeem the Notes prior
to the maturity date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 

The cash conversion feature of the Notes
( Notes Conversion Derivative ) requires bifurcation from the Notes in accordance with ASC 815,  Derivatives
and Hedging,  and is accounted for as a derivative liability. The fair value of the Notes Conversion Derivative at the time
of issuance of the Notes was $33,600 and was recorded as original debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component
of the Notes. This discount is amortized as interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $1,697 and $1,572, respectively, and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $5,005 and $4,628, respectively, of amortization of the debt discount as
interest expense based upon an effective rate of 7.69%. 

The components of the Notes were as follows: 

In connection with the pricing of the Notes,
on November 19, 2013, the Company entered into cash convertible note hedge transactions ( Notes Hedges ) relating to
a notional number of shares of the Company's common stock underlying the Notes with two counterparties (the  Option Counterparties ).
The Notes Hedges, which are cash-settled, are intended to reduce the Company s exposure to potential cash payments that it
is required to make upon conversion of the Notes in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes if the Company s common
stock price exceeds the conversion price. The Notes Hedges are accounted for as a derivative instrument in accordance with ASC
815,  Derivatives and Hedging.  The aggregate cost of the note hedge transaction was $33,600. 

At the same time, the Company also entered
into separate warrant transactions with each of the Option Counterparties initially relating, in the aggregate, to 9,598 shares
of the Company's common stock underlying the Note Hedges. The Note Hedges are intended to offset cash payments due upon any conversion
of the Notes. However, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per
share of the Company's common stock (as measured under the terms of the warrant transactions) exceeds the applicable strike price
of the warrants. The initial strike price of the warrants is $18.9440 per share, which was 60% above the last reported sale price
of the Company's common stock of $11.84 on November 19, 2013 and proceeds of $23,100 were received from the Option Counterparties
from the sale of the warrants. 

Aside from the initial payment of a
$33,600 premium to the Option Counterparties, the Company is not required to make any cash payments to the Option
Counterparties under the Note Hedges and will be entitled to receive from the Option Counterparties an amount of cash,
generally equal to the amount by which the market price per share of common stock exceeds the strike price of the Note Hedges
during the relevant valuation period. The strike price under the Note Hedges is initially equal to the conversion price of
the Notes. Additionally, if the market price per share of the Company's common stock, as measured under the warrant
transactions, exceeds the strike price of the warrants during the measurement period at the maturity of the warrants, the
Company will be obligated to issue to the Option Counterparties a number of shares of the Company's common stock in an amount
based on the excess of such market price per share of the Company's common stock over the strike price of the warrants. The
Company will not receive any proceeds if the warrants are exercised. 

Neither the Notes Conversion Derivative
nor the Notes Hedges qualify for hedge accounting, thus any changes in the fair market value of the derivatives is recognized immediately
in the statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the changes in fair market value of the Notes Conversion
Derivative and the Notes Hedges were equal, therefore there was no change in fair market value that was recognized in the statement
of operations. 

The following table summarizes the fair
value and the presentation in the consolidated balance sheet: 

IDA Bonds   

In May 2016, the sale of the Company s
Syracuse, N.Y. facility, within the DDS operating segment, was completed for $675. Commensurate with the sale of the facility,
the industrial development authority ( IDA ) bonds associated with the facility were repaid in full, with a final payment
of $1,760. 

Note 6   Facilities Impairment, Restructuring and Other
Charges  

In August 2016, the Company announced a
restructuring plan in connection with the Euticals Acquisition. Under the restructuring plan, the Company initiated a reduction
in workforce in certain locations in the United States and Europe and ceased operations in one location in Italy.  The Company
recorded $2,698 in charges for reduction in force and termination benefits during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
The Company also assumed $101 of Euticals restructuring liabilities for a restructuring plan initiated by Euticals prior to the
Euticals Acquisition to cease operations at a separate location in Italy. 

In the second quarter of 2016, the
Company recognized a change in estimate of $634, which reduced the restructuring liabilities related to the operations of
Cedarburg. Other restructuring and other charges for various sites at the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, were $25 and $303, respectively. 

In April 2015, the Company announced a
restructuring plan with respect to certain operations in the U.K. within its API business segment. In connection with the restructuring
plan, the Company ceased all operations at its Holywell, U.K. facility in the fourth quarter of 2015. The Company recorded $228
and $1,793 in charges for reduction in force and termination benefits and other restructuring-related charges related to the U.K.
facility during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. In conjunction with the Company s actions
to cease operations at its Holywell, U.K. facility, the Company also recorded property and equipment impairment charges in the
API segment of $2,550 in the first quarter of 2015. These charges are included under the caption  impairment charges 
on the consolidated statement of operations.  Also in 2015, the Company made additional resource changes at its Singapore
site (within the DDS segment) to optimize the cost profile of the facility, which resulted in restructuring charges of $16 and
$1,934 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Equipment that was not transferred or recovered through sale
was subject to accelerated depreciation over the remaining operating period of the facility, which closed in the first quarter
of 2016. 

Restructuring and other charges for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2,967 and $709, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were $6,094 and $3,828, respectively, consisting primarily of employee termination charges and costs associated with
the Euticals Acquisition restructuring plan, costs associated with the closure and related transfer of continuing products from
the Holywell, U.K. facility to the Company s other manufacturing locations, and resource optimization and lease termination
charges at the Company s Singapore facility. 

The following table displays the restructuring and other charges
activity and liability balances for the nine-month period ended as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   Included in other restructuring charges are non-cash accelerated depreciation charges of $1,145
related to our Singapore facility.   

(2)   Included in termination benefits and personnel realignment is an adjustment for a restructuring
liability assumed in conjunction with the Euticals Acquisition in the third quarter of 2016 of $101, as described above.    

Termination benefits and personnel realignment
costs related to severance packages, outplacement services, and career counseling for employees affected by the restructuring.
Lease termination charges related to estimated costs associated with exiting a facility, net of estimated sublease income. 

Restructuring charges are included under
the caption  Restructuring and other charges  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the restructuring liabilities are included in  Accounts payable and
accrued expenses  and  Other long-term liabilities  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Anticipated cash outflow related to the
above restructuring liability as of September 30, 2016 for the remainder of 2016 is approximately $701. 

The Company is currently marketing its
Holywell, U.K. facility for sale. The facility is an asset of the API operating segment and is classified as held for sale with
the long-lived assets segregated to a separate line on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets until they are sold. Depreciation
expense on the facility has ceased. The carrying value of the facility is $1,508 at September 30, 2016. 

Note 7   Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

The components of intangible assets are as follows: 

Amortization expense related to intangible
assets was $2,862 and $1,275 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $6,762 and $2,702 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted average amortization period is 13.3 years. 

The following chart represents estimated
future annual amortization expense related to intangible assets: 

Note 8   Income Taxes  

During the three
month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $4,715 of tax expense related to a deferred tax liability for the
original discount on the Euticals Seller Notes. Additionally, during the three month period ended June 30, 2016, the Company established
a full valuation allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets in the amount of $8,467. 

In assessing the
realizability of U.S. deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of taxable income, either in prior years available for carryback claims or in the future. Management considers all available evidence
in support of its ability to utilize its deferred tax assets, including cumulative income or loss in recent periods, future reversals
of existing temporary differences, forecasted future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 

The Company will
continue to evaluate all positive and negative evidence in support of its deferred tax assets in the future, as changes in temporary
differences, tax laws and operating performance may require a change in the need for a valuation allowance. If the Company determines
the valuation allowance should be reversed in a future period, the resulting adjustment would be recorded as a tax benefit in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, and such amount may be material. 

Note 9   Share-Based Compensation  

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recognized total share based compensation cost of $1,790 and $6,420, respectively, as compared
to total share-based compensation cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $1,797 and $4,816, respectively. 

The Company grants share-based compensation,
including restricted shares, under its 1998 Stock Option Plan, its 2008 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended, as well as
its 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended ( ESPP ). The 1998 Stock Option Plan, the 2008 Stock Option and Incentive
Plan and ESPP are together referred to as the  Stock Option and Incentive Plans.  

Restricted Stock  

A summary of unvested restricted stock activity during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $13,268
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 2.67 years. 312 shares of restricted stock outstanding have market-based vesting provisions. The grant date fair value
assumptions for these shares contain a vesting probability factor to reflect the Company s expectation that not all shares
will vest. Of the remaining 997 shares of restricted stock outstanding, the Company currently expects all shares to vest. 

Stock Options  

The fair value of each stock option award
is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model based on the following assumptions: 

A summary of stock option activity during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

The weighted average fair value of stock
options granted for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.98 and $6.51, respectively. As of September 30, 2016,
there was $2,433 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 2.66 years. Of the 1,600 stock options outstanding, the Company currently expects all options
to vest. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, 100 and 83 shares, respectively, were issued under the Company s ESPP. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, cash received from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases under the ESPP was $1,828 and $2,818,
respectively. The excess tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from share-based compensation was $0 for both the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 10   Operating Segment Data  

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company
completed the Euticals Acquisition. With the acquisition of Euticals, financial planning and management reporting of the Company s
operations include a new reportable segment (Fine Chemicals ( FC )), which has been added based on the criteria set
forth in ASC 280,  Segment Reporting.  FC includes lab to commercial scale synthesis of reagents and diverse compounds. 

Prior to the Euticals Acquisition, the
Company organized its operations into the DDS, API and DP segments, which remain unchanged. The DDS segment includes activities
such as drug lead discovery, optimization, drug development, analytical services and small scale commercial manufacturing. API
includes pilot to commercial scale manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates and high potency and controlled
substance manufacturing. DP (formerly referred to as Drug Product Manufacturing or  DPM ) includes pre-formulation,
formulation and process development through commercial scale production of complex liquid-filled and lyophilized injectable formulations.
Corporate activities include sales and marketing and administrative functions, as well as research and development costs that have
not been allocated to the operating segments. The Euticals business is split between DDS, API and FC. No prior period adjustments
are necessary to reflect this change in reportable segments. 

The following table contains earnings data by operating segment,
reconciled to totals included in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements: 

(a)  Corporate consists primarily of the  Selling, general and administrative  expense activities of the Company.   

(b)  A portion of the 2015 amounts were reclassified from DDS to DP to better align business activities within segments. This reclassification
impacted contract revenue and income (loss) from operations for 2015.   

The following table summarizes other information by segment
as of, and for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016: 

The following table summarizes other information by segment
as of December 31, 2015 and capital expenditures for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015: 

Note 11   Financial Information by Customer Concentration
and Geographic Area  

Total percentages of contract revenues
by each segment s three largest customers for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are indicated in
the following table: 

Total contract revenue from GE Healthcare
( GE ), the Company s largest customer, represented 7% and 8% of total contract revenue for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Total contract revenue from GE represented 12% of total contract revenue for both
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The Company s total contract revenue
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was recognized from customers in the following geographic regions: 

Long-lived assets, including goodwill,
by geographic region are as follows: 

Note 12   Legal Proceedings and Other  

The Company, from time to time, may be
involved in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Except as noted below, the Company
is not currently a party to any such claims or proceedings which, if decided adversely to the Company, would either individually
or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

On November 12, 2014, a purported class
action lawsuit,  John Gauquie v. Albany Molecular Research, Inc., et al. , No. 14-cv-6637, was filed against the Company and
certain of its current and former officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. An amended
complaint was filed on March 31, 2015. The amended complaint alleges claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 arising
from the Company s alleged failure to disclose in its August 5, 2014 announcement of its financial results for the second
quarter of 2014 that one of the manufacturing facilities experienced a power interruption in July 2014. The amended complaint alleges
that the price of the Company s stock was artificially inflated between August 5, 2014 and November 5, 2014, and seeks unspecified
monetary damages and attorneys  fees and costs. The defendants submitted on July 29, 2015 a motion to dismiss lead plaintiffs 
amended complaint. Lead plaintiffs submitted an opposition on October 7, 2015, and defendants submitted a reply on November 20,
2015. On July 26, 2016, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss. The Company has filed a motion to reconsider its July
29, 2015 motion to dismiss lead plaintiff s amended complaint. 

Note 13   Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company uses a framework for measuring
fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and making disclosures about fair value measurements.  A three-tiered
fair value hierarchy has been established, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value.   

These tiers include:   

 Level 1   defined as quoted prices
in active markets for identical instruments; 

 Level 2   defined as inputs other
than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and 

 Level 3   defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 

The Company determines the fair value of
its financial instruments using the following methods and assumptions: 

Cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, receivables, and accounts payable:   The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets approximate
their fair value because of the short maturities of these instruments. 

Convertible senior notes, derivatives
and hedging instruments:  The fair value of the Company s Notes, which differ from their carrying value, are influenced
by interest rates and the Company's stock price and stock price volatility and are determined by prices for the Notes observed
in market trading, which are level 2 inputs. The estimated fair value of the Notes at September 30, 2016 was $177,000. The Notes
Hedges and the Notes Conversion Derivative are measured at fair value using level 2 inputs. These instruments are not actively
traded and are valued using an option pricing model that uses observable market data for all inputs, such as implied volatility
of the Company's common stock, risk-free interest rate and other factors. 

Interest rate swaps:  At September
30, 2016, the Company had contracted a derivative financial instrument to reduce the impact of fluctuations in variable interest
rates on a loan that a financial institution granted in February 2015. The estimated fair value of the swap at September 30, 2016
was $62. The Company hedges the interest rate risk of the initial amount of the aforementioned bank loan through an interest rate
swap. In this arrangement, the interest rates are exchanged so that the Company receives from the financial institution a variable
rate of the 3-month Euribor, in exchange for a fixed interest payment for the same nominal amount (0.3%). The variable interest
rate received for the derivative offsets the interest payment on the hedged transaction, with the end result being a fixed interest
payment on the hedged financing. At September 30, 2016, the derivative financial instrument had not been designated as a hedging
instrument in accordance with ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.  

To determine the fair value of the interest
rate swap, the Company uses cash flow discounting based on the implicit rates determined by the euro interest rate curve, according
to market conditions at the valuation date, which are level 2 inputs. 

Euticals Acquisition hedge:   In
May 2016, the Company entered into a forward contract to hedge the foreign currency exposure related to the purchase price of the
Euticals Acquisition. In this arrangement, the Company was obligated to purchase  150,000 at a fixed price on July 8, 2016.
The forward contract did not qualify as a hedging instrument in accordance with ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging. 
As a result, as of June 30, 2016, an unrealized loss of $6,401 was recorded in  Other (expense) income, net  on the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. In connection with the closing of the Euticals Acquisition, the forward contract
was settled on July 8, 2016, at which time the Company recognized an additional loss of approximately $90 related to this contract. 

Long-term debt, other than convertible
senior notes:   The carrying value of long-term debt approximated fair value at September 30, 2016 due to the resetting
dates of the variable interest rates. 

Note 14   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net  

The activity related to accumulated other comprehensive loss,
net was as follows: 

The following table provides additional details of the amounts
recognized into net earnings from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net: 

(a)  Amounts represent amortization of net actuarial loss from shareholders  equity into postretirement benefit plan cost.
This amount was primarily recognized as cost of contract revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.   

Note 15      Collaboration
Arrangements  

The Company enters into collaboration arrangements
with third parties for the development and manufacture of certain products and/or product candidates. Although each of these arrangements
is unique in nature, both parties are active participants in the activities of the collaboration and are exposed to significant
risks and rewards depending on the commercial success of the activities. These arrangements typically include research and development
and manufacturing. The rights and obligations of the parties can be global or limited to geographic regions and the activities
under these collaboration agreements are performed with no guarantee of either technological or commercial success. 

The Company is obligated under these arrangements
to perform the development activities and contract manufacturing of the product. Generally, the contract manufacturing component
of the arrangement commences during the development activities and continues through the commercial stage of each product, during
which time the collaboration partner is obligated to purchase the product from the Company. The collaboration partners are generally
responsible for obtaining regulatory approval and for sale and distribution of the product. The original terms of these arrangements
vary in length but generally range from 7 to 10 years in duration. In the event the arrangements are terminated prematurely, the
Company generally has the right to receive payment for all unpaid development costs incurred through the date of termination. Additionally,
in the event of termination, the Company is generally permitted to develop, manufacture and sell the product to a third party on
a contract research and manufacturing basis provided that it does not use the technology developed during the collaboration arrangements.
None of the product candidates associated with these collaboration arrangements have reached the contract manufacturing or commercial
and profit sharing stages. 

These arrangements may include non-refundable,
upfront payments, milestone payments and cost sharing arrangements during the development stage, payments for manufacturing based
on a cost plus an agreed percentage, as well as profit sharing payments during the product s commercial stage. 

The Company recognizes revenue for payments
received for services performed under these arrangements as contract revenue in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition. 
Development stage payments are recognized using the milestone method when the contractual milestones are determined to be substantive
and have been achieved. Certain contractual milestones are deemed to be achieved upon the occurrence of the contractual performance
events. Other non-performance based milestones, including the filing of an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) and approval
by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which are generally events that occur at the end of the development period, are recognized
upon occurrence of the related event. Contractual milestones that are deemed not substantive are recognized using proportional
performance over the remaining development period. Upfront, non-refundable payments are recognized over the term of the development
period using the proportional performance recognition model. Revenue associated with payments received for contract manufacturing
services will be recognized upon delivery of the product to the Company s collaborative partners. Revenue associated with
payments received for profit sharing payments will be recognized when earned based on the terms of the agreements. 

The Company recognizes costs as incurred
during the performance of development activities and classifies these costs as  Research and development  ( R D )
expense. Costs incurred by the Company during the performance of the contract manufacturing activities will be classified as  Cost
of contract revenue  when the related revenue is recognized. 

Contract revenue and R D expense associated
with these collaboration arrangements recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

(a)  $286 and $2,326 of these amounts were recorded in  Cost of contract revenue  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   

Contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
includes $2,484 of termination revenue related to the early termination of one of the Company s collaboration arrangements.
The Company is actively negotiating to secure a new collaboration partner for this program. 

Note 16   Subsequent Events  

In October 2016, the Company reached agreement with one of its
insurers (the  Paying Insurer ) with respect to the resolution of an outstanding insurance claim related to a business
interruption loss sustained by the Company s subsidiary, Oso Bio, in 2014 (the  Loss ).  In full settlement
of the claim, the Company received a total net payment of $7,300 and has further released the Paying Insurer from any further claims
regarding the Loss and has assigned to the Paying Insurer all of the Company s rights against one other possible insurer
with respect to the Loss.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements
may be identified by forward-looking words such as  may,   could,   should,   would, 
 will,   plans,   intend,   expect,   anticipate,   predicts, 
 potential,   believe,  and  continue  or similar words, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these identifying words. Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our expectations
of future periods and full-year 2016 for revenue and contract margins in each of our operating segments and for R D and SG A
expense; the integration of Prime European Therapeuticals S.p.A., ( Euticals ) and the financial impact of this acquisition;
and statements regarding the impact of pending litigation matters, government regulation, customer spending and business trends,
foreign operations, including increasing options and solutions for customers, business growth and the expansion of the global market,
clinical supply manufacturing, management s strategic plans, drug discovery, product commercialization, license arrangements,
research and development projects and expenses, long-lived asset impairment, ability to utilize deferred tax assets, pension and
postretirement benefit costs, competition and tax rates. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, some of which we
may not be able to predict and may not be within our control. Factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited
to, changes in our relationships with our largest customers; ongoing headwinds in the U.S. and other world economies which could
lead to overall softness in the markets we serve; difficulty in raising new capital to support our business, including financing
our debt obligations, capital expenditures and acquisitions; trends in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies  outsourcing
of manufacturing services and chemical research and development, including softness in these markets; the risk that we will not
be able to replicate either in the short or long term the revenue stream that has been derived from the royalties payable under
the Allegra  license agreements; the risk that customers may terminate or reduce demand under any strategic or multi-year deal;
our ability to enforce our intellectual property and technology rights; our ability to successfully integrate and to achieve the
expected benefits, synergies and financial results from past or future acquisitions, including Cedarburg Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
Albany Molecular Research (Glasgow) Limited ( Glasgow ), AMRI SSCI, LLC ( SSCI ), Gadea Grupo Farmaceutico,
S.L. ( Gadea ), Whitehouse Analytical Laboratories, LLC ( Whitehouse ) and Euticals; our ability to take
advantage of proprietary technology and expand the scientific tools available to it; as well as those risks discussed elsewhere
in this report and in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 30, 2016, and Part II, Item 1A,
 Risk Factors,  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the SEC on
August 5, 2016. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and we do not undertake to update any such
forward-looking statements in the future, except as required by law. 

References to  AMRI,  the  Company, 
 we,   us,  and  our,  refer to Albany Molecular Research, Inc. and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole. The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included within this report. 

Overview  

We are a leading
global contract research and manufacturing organization providing customers fully integrated drug discovery, development, and manufacturing
services. We supply a broad range of services and technologies supporting the discovery and development of pharmaceutical products,
the manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients and the manufacturing of drug product for new and generic drugs, as well
as research, development and manufacturing for the agrochemical and other industries. In addition, we offer analytical and testing
services to the medical device and personal care industry. With locations in the United States, Europe, and Asia, we maintain geographic
proximity to our customers and flexible cost models. 

We continue to integrate our research and
manufacturing facilities worldwide, increasing our access to key global markets and enabling us to provide our customers with a
flexible combination of high quality services and competitive cost structures to meet their individual outsourcing needs. Our
service offerings range from early stage discovery through formulation and manufacturing. We believe that the ability to partner
with a single provider is of significant benefit to our customers as we are able to provide them with a more efficient transition
of experimental compounds through the research and development process, ultimately reducing the time and cost involved in bringing
compounds from concept to market. Compounds developed in our contract research facilities can then be more easily transitioned
to production at our large-scale manufacturing facilities for use in clinical trials and, ultimately, commercial sales if the product
meets regulatory approval.   

In addition to providing an integrated
services model for outsourcing, we offer our customers the option of insourcing. With our world class expertise in managing high
performing groups of scientists, this option allows us to embed our scientists into the customer s facility allowing the
customer to cost-effectively leverage their unused laboratory space. 

As our customers continue to seek innovative
new strategies for R D efficiency and productivity, we are aggressively realigning our business and resources to address their
needs. We use a cross-functional approach that maximizes the strengths of both insourcing and outsourcing, by leveraging the Company s
people, know-how, facilities, expertise and global project management to provide exactly what is needed across the discovery, development
or manufacturing process. We have also aligned our sales and marketing organization to optimize selling opportunities within our
respective business segments, underscoring our dedication to client service. Our improved organizational structure, combined with
more focused marketing efforts, should enable us to continue to drive long-term growth and profitability. 

Over the last few years, we have acquired
new businesses and implemented a number of organizational and rationalization initiatives to grow our revenue and overall profitability
and better align our operations to most efficiently support our customers  needs. The goal of these restructuring activities
has been to advance our strategy of increasing our global competitiveness and managing costs by aligning resources to meet shifting
customer demand and market preferences, while optimizing our location footprint. Our acquisitions enhance and complement our existing
service offerings and have contributed to our growth. 

We may consider additional acquisitions
that enhance or complement our existing service offerings. In addition to growing organically, strategic acquisitions would generally
be expected to contribute to our growth by integrating with and expanding our current services, or adding services within the drug
discovery, development and manufacturing life cycle. On July 11, 2016, we acquired Euticals, a privately-held company headquartered
in Lodi, Italy, specializing in custom synthesis and the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients with a network of facilities
located primarily in Italy, Germany, the U.S. and France. During 2015, we entered into acquisition transactions with Whitehouse
Labs in December, Gadea in July, SSCI in February and Glasgow in January, all of which have contributed to our results of operations
and which we believe will continue to contribute to our future operations. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
for more details on these acquisitions. 

Backlog  

Our backlog of open manufacturing orders
and accepted service contracts was $346.8 million at September 30, 2016, including backlog at Euticals of $119.6 million, as compared
to $190.3 million at September 30, 2015. Our manufacturing and services contracts are completed over varying durations, from short
to extended periods of time. 

We believe our aggregate backlog as of
any date is not necessarily a meaningful indicator of our future results for a variety of reasons. First, contracts vary in duration,
and therefore the timing and amount of revenues recognized from backlog can vary from period to period. Second, the Company s
manufacturing and services contracts are of a nature that a customer may, at its option, cancel or delay the timing of delivery,
which would change our projections concerning the timing and extent to which revenue may be recognized. In addition, the value
of the Company s services contracts that are conducted on a time and materials or full-time equivalent basis are based on
estimates, from which actual revenue generated could vary. Finally, there is no assurance that projects included in backlog will
not be terminated or delayed at any time by customers or regulatory authorities. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be
able to realize all or most of the net revenues included in backlog or estimate the portion to be filled in the current year. 

Results of Operations   Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2015  

Our total revenue for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 was $152.7 million, which included $151.7 million from our contract service business and $1.0 million from royalties
on sales of certain products. Our total revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 was $104.6 million, which included $101.4
million from our contract service business and $3.2 million from royalties on sales of certain products. Consolidated gross margin
was 18.6% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 20.9% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Our net loss
was $23.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net loss of $4.2 million during the same period
in 2015. 

Our total revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $379.1 million, which included $371.0 million from our contract service business and $8.1 million from royalties
on sales of certain products. Our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $275.9 million, which included
$261.7 million from our contract service business and $14.2 million from royalties on sales of certain products. Consolidated gross
margin was 23.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 22.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Our net loss was $54.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net loss of $4.1 million during the
same period in 2015. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by operations was $5.2 million compared to $38.5 million for the same period of 2015.
The decrease was primarily driven by cash paid for interest, income taxes, acquisition and ERP related costs, and cash used
to fund operating activities of Euticals post-acquisition. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we spent $143.3 million (net of
cash acquired) to acquire Euticals, as well as a $1.0 million payment made in the second quarter of 2016 for a net working
capital adjustment related to the Gadea acquisition, while during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we spent $23.9
million to acquire Glasgow, $35.8 million to acquire SSCI and $86.0 million (net of cash acquired) to acquire Gadea. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we spent $38.0 million on capital expenditures compared to $13.7 million during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily related to growth of our existing facilities, including the purchase of a
facility that provides additional sterile API capacity in Spain, as well as the execution of certain strategic projects
including the upgrade and implementation of our enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system. Additionally, during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated cash of $172.0 million from financing activities, relating primarily
to borrowings on long-term debt of $228.0 million, partially offset by the repayment of our $30.0 million revolving
credit facility, $14.9 million of principal payments on long-term debt, payments of deferred financing costs of $8.2 million
and $6.6 million of repayments net of receipts on short-term borrowings. During the same period in 2015, we generated cash
of $155.1 million from financing activities, relating primarily to borrowings on our credit facility of $237.0
million, partially offset by $76.8 million of principal payments on long-term debt. 

Operating Segment Data  

We organize our operations into the Discovery
and Development Services ( DDS ), Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients ( API ), Drug Product ( DP ,
formerly referred to as Drug Product Manufacturing or  DPM ) and following the acquisition of Euticals, Fine Chemicals
( FC ) segments. DDS includes activities such as drug lead discovery, optimization, drug development and small scale
commercial manufacturing. API includes pilot to commercial scale manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates.
DP includes pre-formulation, formulation and process development through commercial scale production of complex liquid-filled and
lyophilized sterile injectable and ophthalmic formulations. FC includes lab to commercial scale synthesis of reagents and diverse
compounds. Corporate activities include sales and marketing and administrative functions, as well as research and development costs
that have not been allocated to the operating segments.  

Revenue   

Total contract revenue  

Contract revenue consists primarily of
fees earned under manufacturing or service contracts with third-party customers. Contract revenue for each of our DDS, API, DP
and FC segments were as follows: 

DDS contract revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased $6.9 million from the prior year period due primarily to incremental revenue of $4.3 million
from our acquisitions of Whitehouse in December 2015 and Euticals in July 2016. In addition, we experienced growth in demand at
our Hyderabad, India facility and in the U.S. This was partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our Singapore facility following
the expiration of a key customer contract. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, DDS revenue was higher as a result of
the aforementioned acquisitions, which contributed incremental revenue of $10.1 million, as well as growth in demand at our Hyderabad,
India facility and in the U.S., and partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our Singapore facility following the expiration
of a key customer contract. We currently expect DDS revenue for full year 2016 to increase from amounts in 2015 driven by continued
demand for our services, the launch and ramp up of the integrated discovery facility in Buffalo, N.Y., improved facility utilization
at all of our sites, and incremental revenue from our acquisitions of Whitehouse and Euticals. 

API contract revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased from the prior year period primarily from our acquisition of Euticals in July 2016, which provided
revenue of $40.2 million. This was partially offset by a decline in revenue related to the timing of product transfers from our
Holywell, U.K. facility site closure in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, API revenue was higher due primarily
to $51.4 million and $40.2 million of incremental revenue from the acquisitions of Gadea and Euticals, respectively, partially
offset by lower organic revenue related to the timing of product transfers from our Holywell, U.K. facility site closure in 2015.
We currently expect continued growth in API contract revenue for full year 2016 due to on-going demand for our clinical and commercial
manufacturing services worldwide, a full year of incremental revenue following our acquisition of Gadea, and a half year of incremental
revenue following our acquisition of Euticals.  

DP contract revenue for both the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased from the prior year period due to the acquisition of Gadea and increased demand
at our Glasgow, U.K. and Albuquerque, N.M. facilities. We currently expect continued growth in DP contract revenue for full year
2016 due to continued demand at our Glasgow, U.K. and Albuquerque, N.M. facilities, and incremental revenue from our acquisition
of Gadea. 

FC contract revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $9.1 million, which is entirely attributable to the Euticals Acquisition in July 2016. 

Recurring royalty revenue  

Our recurring royalties include revenue
received pursuant to a Development and Supply Agreement with Allergan. In 2015, we also received royalties on worldwide sales of
Allegra/Telfast and Sanofi over-the-counter product and authorized generics, which ended in the second quarter of 2015. During
the third quarter of 2015, we began earning royalties under an agreement with a customer of Gadea, as a result of the acquisition.
Recurring royalties decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2015 due to a change in estimate
of royalties receivable related to Allergan s sales of mixed amphetamine salts. Recurring royalties decreased during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2015 as a result of patent expirations associated with Allegra/Telfast during
the second quarter of 2015. These amounts were partially offset by an increase in the other royalties during the period. We currently
expect full year 2016 recurring royalties to continue to decline as compared to 2015 due to the expiration of the patents underlying
the Allegra/Telfast royalties in the second quarter of 2015.  

The recurring royalties on the sales of
Allegra/Telfast have historically provided a material portion of our revenues, earnings and operating cash flows. All patents covered
by these license agreements expired during the second quarter of 2015, and we will not receive any additional royalties on the
sales of Allegra/Telfast in future periods. We continue to develop our business in an effort to supplement the revenues, earnings
and operating cash flows that have historically been provided by Allegra/Telfast royalties. 

Costs and Expenses   

Cost of contract revenue  

Cost of contract revenue consists of compensation and associated
fringe benefits for employees within that segment, chemicals, depreciation and other indirect project related costs. Cost of contract
revenue for our DDS, API, DP and FC segments were as follows: 

DDS contract revenue gross margin percentage
increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015. This increase is due to
higher margin revenues as a result of our Whitehouse acquisition and cost savings initiatives throughout DDS. We currently expect
DDS contract margin for full year 2016 to improve over amounts recognized in full year 2015 due to the acquisition of Whitehouse
and full year benefits from SSCI, as well as continued cost containment and facility optimizations across the DDS sites. 

API contract revenue gross margin
percentages decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily
due to the impact of acquisition accounting associated with the Euticals Acquisition. We currently expect API contract margins for full
year 2016 to remain consistent with 2015 contract margins due to a strong fourth quarter performance in the segment. 

DP contract revenue gross
margin percentage increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015
primarily due to higher capacity utilization at our commercial manufacturing facilities and, in the nine month period, as a
result of contract termination revenue of $2.5 million related to the early termination of one of the Company s
collaboration arrangements recognized in the second quarter of 2016. We currently expect contract margins for full year 2016
to remain higher as compared to 2015 due to higher operational effectiveness at our Oso Bio facility. 

FC contract revenue gross margin percentage
was 21.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, excluding the effects of inventory acquisition accounting amortization,
attributable to the Euticals Acquisition. We expect this business to maintain a similar margin percentage in future periods. 

Technology incentive award  

We maintain a Technology Development Incentive
Plan, the purpose of which is to stimulate and encourage novel innovative technology developments by our employees. This plan allows
eligible participants to share in a percentage of the net revenue earned by us relating to patented technology with respect to
which the eligible participant is named as an inventor or made a significant intellectual contribution. To date, the royalties
from Allegra/Telfast are the main driver of the awards. These royalties from Allegra/Telfast ceased during the second quarter of
2015 due to the expiration of underlying patents. The incentive awards were as follows: 

Technology incentive award expense decreased
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in the prior year due to the decrease in Allegra/Telfast
recurring royalty revenue as discussed above. 

Research and development  

Research and development ( R D )
expense consists of compensation and benefits, costs of chemicals, materials, outsourced activities and other out of pocket costs
and overhead costs related to the manufacture of potential new products, the development of processes for the manufacture of generic
products with commercial potential, and the development of alternative manufacturing processes. Our R D activities are primarily
incurred and recognized in our API and DP segments. 

Research and development expenses were as follows: 

R D expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily as a result of development efforts towards
new niche generic products. We currently expect full year 2016 R D expense to be higher than 2015 in line with our strategy
and due to our acquisition of Gadea and Euticals and increased investments in collaboration agreements. 

Selling, general and administrative  

Selling, general and administrative ( SG A )
expenses consist of compensation and benefits for sales, marketing, operational and administrative employees, professional
service fees, marketing costs and costs related to facilities and information services. SG A expenses were as follows: 

SG A expenses for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to costs associated with investments
made to grow the business, merger and acquisition activities, ERP implementation costs, as well as incremental SG A costs from
the acquisition of Gadea, Whitehouse, and Euticals. We currently expect SG A expenses for full year 2016 to increase due to
a full year of operations at Gadea and Whitehouse, approximately one half-year of operations at Euticals, and incremental costs
to grow the business, but to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of revenue. 

Restructuring and other charges  

In the first quarter of 2015, we announced
a restructuring plan to close our facility in Holywell, U.K., within the API segment, by the fourth quarter of 2015. Additionally,
we made resource changes at the DDS Singapore site to optimize the cost profile of the facility. These actions were consistent
with our ongoing efforts to consolidate our facility resources to more effectively utilize our resource pool and to further reduce
our facility cost structure. 

Restructuring and other charges for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of employee termination benefits due to a reduction in force
resulting from the Euticals Acquisition, U.K. termination charges, employee termination costs and transitioning activities at our
Singapore facility and costs associated with the transfer of continuing products from the Holywell, U.K. facility to our other
manufacturing locations. 

Restructuring and other charges for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted primarily of personnel realignment costs at the U.K. facility, and also
included costs associated with the closure of the Syracuse, N.Y. and Bothell, Wash. sites, which ceased operations in 2014 and
2012, respectively.  

Impairment charges  

In the second quarter of 2016, we wrote
off a patent asset from a proprietary drug discovery program due to our licensing partner terminating the license agreement. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded property and equipment impairment charges of $0.5 million and $3.2
million, respectively, in our API segment associated with the Company s decision to cease operations at our facility in Holywell,
U.K. 

Interest expense, net  

Net interest expense increased for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increased levels of outstanding debt
used to finance our 2016 and 2015 acquisitions, as well as an increase in amortization of deferred financing costs and original
issue discounts related to our long-term debt. 

Other (expense) income, net  

Other (expense) income, net changed to
expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from income in the same periods in 2015 primarily due to the realized
loss on the forward contract the Company settled in the third quarter of 2016 to hedge the foreign currency exposure related to
the purchase price of the Euticals Acquisition. Additionally, re-measurement gains and losses of foreign currency transactions
at international business locations contributed to the fluctuations. 

Income tax (benefit) expense   

Income tax benefit for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased as compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of increased operating losses in the period,
partially offset by approximately $4.7 million of tax expense related to a deferred tax liability recognized for the original issue
discount on the Euticals Seller Notes. 

Income tax expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 increased as compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of the Company establishing a full valuation
allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets in the amount of approximately $8.5 million and approximately $4.7 million of tax
expense related to a deferred tax liability recognized for the original issue discount on the Euticals Seller Notes, partially offset by
tax benefit resulting from increased operating losses in certain jurisdictions. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have historically funded our business
through operating cash flows and proceeds from borrowings. As of September 30, 2016, we had $45.0 million in cash, cash equivalents,
and restricted cash and $670.0 million in bank and other debt (at face value). 

During the first nine months of
2016, we generated cash of $5.2 million from operating activities, compared to cash provided by operations of $38.5 million
during the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by cash paid for interest, income taxes, acquisition and
ERP related costs, and cash used to fund operating activities of Euticals post-acquisition. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, cash used in investing activities was $181.8 million, resulting primarily from the use of $143.3 million
in cash (net of cash assumed) to acquire Euticals and $38.0 million used for the acquisition of property and equipment. For
the same period in 2015, cash used in investing activities was $159.3 million, resulting primarily from the use of $86.0
million in cash (net of cash acquired and debt assumed) to acquire Gadea, $35.8 million in cash to acquire SSCI, $23.9
million to acquire the facility in Glasgow, U.K., and $13.7 million used for the acquisition of property and equipment.
Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated cash from financing activities of $172.0 million,
relating primarily to borrowings on long-term debt of $228.0 million, partially offset by the repayment of our $30.0 million
revolving credit facility, principal payments on long-term debt of $14.9 million, payments of deferred financing costs of
$8.2 million, and $6.6 million of repayments net of receipts on short-term borrowings. During the same period in 2015, we
generated cash of $155.1 million from financing activities, relating primarily to borrowings on our credit facility and
proceeds from stock issuances resulting from exercises of stock options and employee stock purchase plan purchases. 

Convertible Senior Notes   

On December 4, 2013, we completed a private
offering of 2.25% Cash Convertible Senior Notes (the  Notes ), in the aggregate principal amount of $150 million.  The
Notes mature on November 15, 2018, unless earlier repurchased or converted into cash in accordance with their terms prior to such
date, and interest is paid in arrears semiannually on each May 15 and November 15 at an annual rate of 2.25% beginning on May 15,
2014. The Notes were offered and sold only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. 

The Notes are not convertible into our
common stock or any other securities under any circumstances. Holders may convert their Notes solely into cash at their option
at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2018 only under the following circumstances:
(1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2013 (and only during such calendar
quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during
a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater
than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any
five consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per thousand dollars principal amount of Notes for each trading
day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the our common stock and the
conversion rate on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2018 until
the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Notes
solely into cash at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, in lieu of receiving shares of our common
stock, a holder will receive, per thousand dollars principal amount of Notes, an amount in cash equal to the settlement amount,
determined in the manner set forth in the indenture. The initial conversion rate is 63.9844 shares of our common stock per thousand
dollars principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $15.63 per share of common stock).
The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon certain events as described in the indenture but will not be adjusted for any
accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date, we have agreed
to pay a cash make-whole premium by increasing the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection
with such a corporate event in certain circumstances as described in the indenture. 

We may not redeem the Notes prior to the
maturity date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 

The disclosure of payments we have committed
to make under our contractual obligations is set forth under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources  under Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

The following table sets forth our
long-term contractual obligations and commitments relating to Euticals as of September 30, 2016, to be used as a supplement
to amounts previously provided in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015: 

Payments Due by Period (in thousands)

*The incremental borrowings of long-term debt were secured primarily to finance the Euticals Acquisition. 

 **Pension and other postretirement
benefits include estimated payments made from Company assets. No estimate of payments after five years has been provided due to
many uncertainties. 

We expect that additional future capital
expansion and acquisition activities, if any, could be funded with cash on hand, cash from operations, borrowings under our Third
Restated Credit Agreement and/or the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that attractive acquisition
opportunities will be available to us or will be available at prices and upon such other terms that are attractive to us. We regularly
evaluate potential acquisitions of other businesses, products and product lines and may hold discussions regarding such potential
acquisitions. In addition, in order to meet our long-term liquidity needs or consummate future acquisitions, we may incur additional
indebtedness or issue additional equity or debt securities, subject to market and other conditions. There can be no assurance that
such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. The failure to raise the funds necessary to finance
our future cash requirements or consummate future acquisitions could adversely affect our ability to pursue our strategy and could
negatively affect our operations in future periods. In connection with the Euticals Acquisition, on July 7, 2016, the Company amended
the Company s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and entered into the Third Restated Credit Agreement. See Note
5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to business combinations,
inventories, goodwill and intangibles, other long-lived assets, derivative instruments and hedging activities, pension and postretirement
benefit plans, income taxes and contingencies, among other effects. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We refer to the policies and estimates
set forth in the section  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Critical Accounting Estimates  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. There have
been no material changes or modifications to the policies since December 31, 2015. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements             

Refer to Note
1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

There have been no material changes during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 with respect to the information on Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk appearing in Part II, Item 7A to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the Company s last fiscal
quarter our management conducted an evaluation with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and
implementing possible controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that, as of the end of the Company s last fiscal quarter, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
We intend to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial
reporting, on an ongoing basis, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that
our systems evolve with our business. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

During 2016, the Company acquired Euticals. This
acquisition represents a material change in the internal control over financial reporting since management s last assessment
of effectiveness. As this acquisition occurred in the third quarter of 2016, management expects to exclude Euticals from its assessment
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC guidance
that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of management s assessment in the year of
acquisition. Total assets of Euticals, excluding goodwill and other intangible assets which are expected to be included in management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, are approximately $362.2 million at September
30, 2016.  Total revenues of Euticals were approximately $50.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
The total assets and total revenues expected to be excluded from management s assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2016, represent approximately 29% and 13%, respectively, of the Company s related consolidated
financial statement amounts as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company implemented a new Enterprise
Resource Planning (ERP) system during the three month period ended September 30, 2016.  The new ERP system supports all of
the Company s locations, excluding Euticals and Gadea.  In connection with the implementation, the Company modified
the business processes and internal controls that were impacted by the new ERP. 

There were no other changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during
the Company s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

Please refer to Part 1   Note 12
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information on outstanding litigation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, the risks and uncertainties that we believe are most important for you to consider are discussed in Part
II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There are no material
changes to the Risk Factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds  

The following table represents share repurchases
during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

(1)  Consists of shares repurchased by the Company for
certain employee s restricted stock that vested to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations that arose on the vesting
of the restricted stock. 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Description   

2.1  
       
      Amendment letter by and among Albany Molecular Research, Inc., Albany Molecular Research Luxembourg Sarl, Evergreen S.r.l. and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A dated July 7, 2016, to the Share Purchase Agreement dated May 5, 2016 by and between Albany Molecular Research, Inc. and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A.*   

2.2  
       
      Amendment letter by and among Albany Molecular Research, Inc., Albany Molecular Research Luxembourg Sarl, Evergreen S.r.l. and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. dated August 8, 2016, to the Share Purchase Agreement dated May 5, 2016 by and between Albany Molecular Research, Inc. and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A.*   

31.1  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.*   

31.2  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.*     

32.1  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**   

32.2  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**   

101  
       
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).  The following materials from Albany Molecular Research, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) notes to consolidated financial statements.*   

*  Filed herewith. 

**  This certification is not  filed  for purposes
of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange
Act. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH, INC.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Felicia I. Ladin  

Felicia I. Ladin   

On behalf of the Registrant as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 (and also as Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-2.1>
 2
 v451842_ex2-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 2.1

Exhibit 2.1  

Strictly
private and confidential  

Milan, July 7, 2016 

To: 

  Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A.   

 Via del Lauro, no. 7 

 20131   Milano (Italy) 

  Facsimile No.: +39. 02. 869522522  

Attention of Chief Financial Officer  

With copy to 

  Debevoise   

 919 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 

 Facsimile No: +1 212 909 6836 

And 

  Chiomenti Studio Legale  

 Via XXIV Maggio 43 

 I-00187 Rome 

  Attention to Francesco Tedeschini  

 francesco.tedeschini@chiomenti.net 

 +39 06 4662 2370 

By registered letter with return receipt   

   anticipated by fax   

Dear Sirs, 

Re: Share Purchase Agreement executed
on May 5, 2016   

WHEREAS 

A.       on
May 5, 2016, AMRI   Albany Molecular Research, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (USA),
whose registered office is located in Albany (NY   USA) (  AMRI  ), as buyer, and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A.,
a company incorporated under the laws of Italy whose registered office is in Milan (Italy), Via del Lauro 7, Italian Tax Code No.
04849340965 (  Lauro 57  ), as seller, entered into a share purchase agreement (  Agreement  ), governing the
terms and conditions of the purchase of no. 65.852.365 ordinary shares representing 100% of the share capital of Prime European
Therapeuticals S.p.A.   Euticals S.p.A., a company organized and existing under the laws of Italy, with registered office
at Viale Bianca Maria, No. 25, Milano, tax code No. 07254610152 (  Company  ). Except as otherwise expressly defined
in this letter (  Letter  ), capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

B.       On
July 5 2016, pursuant to Article 2.4 of the Agreement, AMRI designated Evergreen S.r.l., a company incorporated under the laws
of Italy, whose registered office is located in via della Moscova 18, 20121, Milan, Italian Tax Code No. 09499540962 (  Evergreen  )
  which accepted such designation   as the entity which, subject to and upon Closing, shall acquire all of the Shares
from Lauro, thereby becoming the  Buyer  under the Agreement. 

C.       The
sole quotaholder of Evergreen is AMRI - Albany Molecular Research Luxembourg S rl, a company incorporated under the laws
of the State of Luxembourg, whose registered office is located in 6 Rue Eugene Ruppert, L   2453, Luxembourg, Registration
No. B 114207 (hereinafter,   AMRI LuxCo .  AMRI LuxCo, AMRI, Evergreen and Lauro 57, collectively, the   Parties  
and each, a   Party   to this Letter) and whose corporate capital is wholly owned by AMRI. 

D.       Article
5.2 of the Agreement provides that, at the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller the Promissory Note A and the Promissory
Note B. 

E.       Following
the execution of the Agreement, AMRI has represented to Lauro 57 that, consistently with AMRI group structure, the Promissory Notes
shall be issued by AMRI LuxCo instead of the Buyer and, consequently, has requested that AMRI LuxCo become an Indemnified Party
under the Agreement in addition to the Buyer and AMRI. 

F.       On
April 6, 2016, Lauro 57 issued in favor of the Missouri Department of Natural Resources a corporate guarantee for the obligations
undertaken by Euticals Inc. in respect of the closure and post closure care of the plant located in W Bennett Street, Springfield
MO 65807 USA, owned by Euticals Inc. itself (  Missouri Corporate Guarantee  ). 

G.       AMRI
has accepted that, on or before the Closing of the transaction regulated under the Agreement, it shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Missouri Corporate Guarantee to be replaced by a guarantee issued by AMRI itself (or that other feasible solutions
are pursued) so that Lauro 57 be irrevocably and fully released upon and following the Closing from all the obligations deriving
from the Missouri Corporate Guarantee which shall be terminated. 

H.       On
June 29, 2016 AMRI has sent Lauro 57 a letter whereby AMRI asked that   subject to the satisfaction of (or waiver to) the
Conditions Precedent   the Closing shall take place on July 11, 2016 which shall be the Closing Date under the Agreement. 

I.       AMRI
has expressed to Lauro 57 the interest that   in partial derogation of the provision set forth under Article 5.2 (ii)(b)
of the Agreement   the current members of the Supervisory Board of the Company shall not be replaced at the Closing. 

IN CONSIDERATION OF
THE FOREGOING, by this Letter, the Parties wish to reflect their discussions referred above, thereby partially amending or supplementing
the provisions of the Agreement. 

1.        Closing Date .  

The Parties hereby
agree that, subject to the occurrence or satisfaction of (or waiver to) all the conditions precedent set out in Article 4 of the
Agreement, the   Closing Date   shall be July 11, 2016. 

2.        Designation
of Evergreen and adherence of AMRI LuxCo . 

By executing this Letter: 

(a)       Lauro
57 acknowledges that, on July 5, 2016, Evergreen has been designated by AMRI as Buyer under the Agreement and Evergreen confirms
that it has accepted AMRI s designation, thereby becoming bound to all terms and conditions of the Agreement as  Buyer 
thereunder; 

(b)       AMRI
LuxCo hereby adheres to the Agreement for the sole purposes of the following provisions: 

(i)        Article
2.4 (c), which, solely for this purpose, shall read as follows:   AMRI LuxCo will be and shall remain (for so long as it
is the Maker of the Promissory Notes) a Subsidiary of AMRI   

(ii)        Article
2.4 (d), which, solely for this purpose, shall read as follows:   Evergreen acknowledges and agrees that it shall remain
jointly and severally liable vis- -vis the Seller for any obligation of AMRI LuxCo under the Agreement and the Promissory
Notes, provided that (A) any payment of the Price to be paid through the Promissory Notes shall be firstly made through and claimed
against the Promissory Notes and the Guaranty Agreement, and (B) that the obligation of Evergreen hereunder is for the sole benefit
of the Seller (and its current Shareholders) and not for the benefit of any third parties including, without limitation, any Holder
of the Promissory Notes (other than the Seller and its Shareholders)   

(iii)       
Article 2.4 (e), which, solely for this purpose, shall read as follows:   AMRI, Evergreen and AMRI LuxCo shall no longer
be entitled to any of the rights and actions under the Agreement in case AMRI LuxCo ceases to be a Subsidiary of AMRI (for so long
as it is the Maker of the Promissory Notes);  

(iv)       Articles
7, 9, 13, 14 and 15 of the Agreement. 

(c)       AMRI
acknowledges and agrees that it shall remain jointly and severally liable  vis- -vis  the Seller for any obligation
of Evergreen and AMRI LuxCo under the Agreement and the Promissory Notes. 

3.        Issuance
of the Promissory Notes and payment of a portion of the Provisional Purchase Price.  

(a)       Anything
in Articles.3(c) and 5.2(i)(b)(3) of the Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Buyer declares and Lauro 57 acknowledges
that the  Promissory Notes  shall be issued on the Closing Date by AMRI LuxCo, which hereby undertakes to deliver the Promissory
Note A and the Promissory Note B to the Seller at the Closing. 

(b)       The
Parties hereby also acknowledge and agree that, upon delivery to the Seller of the Promissory Note A and the Promissory Note B
at the Closing, AMRI LuxCo: shall be an Indemnified Party under the terms and conditions of the Agreement, thereby becoming the
beneficiary, together with AMRI and Evergreen (but without duplications) of the indemnification obligations of the Seller and the
indemnification rights of an Indmnified Party as set out in Article 9 of the Agreement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall
therefore have the right, under the terms and conditions of Article 9.5, to set-off any indemnification amount due by the Seller
pursuant to Article 9 of the Agreement). 

4.        Missouri
Corporate Guarantee.  

(a)       AMRI
and/or Evergreen hereby undertake to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause, by no later than the Closing Date, the Missouri
Corporate Guarantee to be replaced by another guarantee issued by AMRI (or by another instrument or mechanism) to finally and full
release, to the extent legally permissible Lauro 57 from any and all obligations underthe Missouri Corporate Guarantee, conditioned
upon the Closingand as and from the Closing Date (for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this paragraph shall be deemed to limit
the Indemnified Parties  rights to indemnification under the Agreement). 

(b)       Should,
despite AMRI s commercially reasonable efforts, the Missouri Corporate Guarantee still be in place at the Closing Date, AMRI
and/or Evergreen hereby undertake: (i) to effect the abovementioned replacement promptly after the Closing Date and in any case,
within the expiry of the 3 rd  (third) month thereafter; and (ii) to indemnify and hold Lauro 57 harmless from any and
all Losses which Lauro 57 should suffer as a result of the failure by AMRI and/or Evergreen to cause the replacement of the Missouri
Corporate Guarantee and the release of Lauro 57 from any obligations thereunder in accordance with letter (a) above, it being understood
that the obligation set out in this subclause (b) shall remain effective until the earlier of: (x) the date on which AMRI provides
Lauro 57 with evidence that the replacement of the Missouri Corporate Guarantee has occurred and the relevant Missouri Corporate
Guarantee be cancelled or no more effective and (y) the expiry of the statute of limitation set out under applicable law for the
last claim in time which may be asserted against Lauro 57 as a result of the failure by AMRI and/or Evergreen to cause the replacement
of the Missouri Corporate Guarantee and the release of Lauro 57. 

5.         Supervisory
Board  

The Parties hereby
agree and acknowledge that: 

(a)       Article
5.2(i)(e) shall be wholly replaced as follows:   (e) execute and deliver to the Seller a letter, in the form and substance
set forth under   Schedule 5.2(i)(e)  , by means of which the Buyer undertakes to not propose (and, in any case, to vote
against) any liability actions (or other judicial actions) against the directors and the statutory auditors, for the activities
carried out by the same in their capacity as directors or statutory auditors of each Group Company until the Closing Date provided
that in no event shall the foregoing be applicable to any criminal liability.   and 

(b) Article 5.2(ii)(b)
and 5.2(ii)(c) shall be wholly replaced as follows:   (b)       have used its best
efforts to obtain the resignation of the statutory auditors of the Group Companies as of the Closing; (c)       have
caused a shareholders  meeting of the Group Companies to be validly called for the purpose of electing new directors and,
with respect to the Company only and to the extent possible, statutory auditors in substitution of the directors and the statutory
auditors ceased from office pursuant hereto according to the instructions which will be supplied by the Buyer; All resignations
or other cessation of office provided under this Article 4.5 shall be without cost to the Company concerned, except for the payment
of any accrued and unpaid compensation, provided that any amount constituting such compensation shall be considered for all purposes
herein as the Closing Date Transaction Costs.   

5bis.     Employment
Agreement GF  

The Parties agree that
within July 8, 2016, the Company and GF shall enter into - before the competent trade unions - the amendment and integration agreement
of the  Agreement on the Termination of the Employment Relationship  entered into by and between GF and the Company
in March 2016 (the   GF Termination Agreement  ) attached hereto as Annex 5bis (the   Amendment Termination Agreement
GF  ), in order to set forth that should the Employment Agreement GF be terminated being GF a Good Leaver after the Change
in Control (as such term is defined in the GF Termination Agreement) on or before December 31, 2017, the sole amount due to her
in accordance with Article 1.3 of the GF Termination Agreement shall be equal to Euro 300.000,00 gross (the   Relevant Amount
GF  ), in addition to the mandatory statutory payments (  Spettanze di Fine Rapporto  ) set forth under
the GF Termination Agreement, which shall be paid by the Company. 

In partial derogation
to the Agreement and the side letter entered into on May 5, 2016 between the Parties (the   Side Letter  ), the Parties
agree as follows: 

i.  in partial derogation to Article 3.11 of the Agreement, (a) the Employment Agreement GF shall remain
in force and effect as of and after the Closing Date as amended by the Amendment Termination Agreement GF, and therefore (b) the
Employment Integration Agreement GF shall not be entered into before the Closing Date;   

ii.  the condition precedent set forth in Article 4.8 of the Agreement is deemed as satisfied;   

iii.  in derogation to Article 2 of the Side Letter, the Relevant Amount GF shall not be deposited in
escrow since it shall be treated as a debt like item and, therefore, included in the calculation of the Provisional Purchase Price;   

iv.  it is also agreed between the Parties that should the Company be obliged to pay any possible social
security amount on the Relevant Amount GF pursuant to an enforceable order of payment, the Seller shall indemnify the Company on
an Euro by Euro basis (without the application of the deductible set forth under Article 9.3 (i));   

v.  it is further agreed between the Parties that should (a) GF not apply for the payment of the Relevant
Amount GF by December 31, 2017, (b) GF not be entitled to the Relevant Amount GF and, (c) in any other case in which the Relevant
Amount GF is not paid to GF by the Company, then AMRI shall pay back to the Seller an amount equal to the Relevant Amount GF within
January 30, 2018.   

6.        Survival
  Interpretation . 

The Parties acknowledge
and agree that: (a) all the other provisions of the Agreement not expressly amended by this Letter shall remain in full force and
effect; and (b) any reference to the Agreement contained in this Letter shall be construed as a reference to the Agreement, as
amended by this Letter. 

7.        Notices . 

Any notice or other
communication to be given to Evergreen or AMRI LuxCo or under the Agreement shall be given with the modalities set forth under
Clause 14.7 of the Agreement to the following addresses: 

(a) 
     Party: 
     Evergreen S.r.l.  

Address: 
     via della Moscova 18, 20121 Milan (MI), Italy  

Email: 
     lori.henderson@amriglobal.com  

Facsimile no.: 
     +39 02 7788751  

Attn. of: 
     Mrs. Lori M. Henderson  

(a) 
     Party: 
     AMRI LuxCo  

Address: 
     6 Rue Eugene Ruppert, L   2453, Luxembourg  

Email: 
     lori.henderson@amriglobal.com  

Attn. of: 
     Mrs. Lori M. Henderson  

8.        Governing
law   Arbitration . 

Article 15 of the Agreement shall apply,
 mutatis mutandis , to this Letter. 

* * * * * 

If you agree with the above, please deliver
to us a letter reproducing the contents of this letter, signed by you for full confirmation and acceptance. 

Best regards. 

AMRI   Albany Molecular Research, Inc. 
       
     AMRI - Albany Molecular Research Luxembourg S rl  

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Lori M. Henderson 

Title: General Counsel, Senior Vice President
        and Secretary 

Title: Category A Manger 

Evergreen S.r.l. 

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Lori M. Henderson 

Title: Sole Director 

For acceptance 

Milan, July 7, 2016 

Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. 

/s/ Enrico Ricotta 

Name: Enrico Ricotta 

Title: Director 

</EX-2.1>

<EX-2.2>
 3
 v451842_ex2-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 2.2

Exhibit 2.2  

strictly
private and confidential  

August 8, 2016 

To: 

  Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A.   

 Via del Lauro, no. 7 

 20131   Milano (MI) 

 Italy 

Attention of Chief Financial Officer  

With copy to: 

  Debevoise   Plimpton   

 919 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 

 United States of America 

  Attention to Maurizio Minzi-Levi  

  mleviminzi@debevoise.com  

And 

Chiomenti Studio Legale  

 Via XXIV Maggio 43 

 I-00187 Rome 

 Italy 

  Attention to Francesco Tedeschini  

  francesco.tedeschini@chiomenti.net  

By registered letter with return receipt   

Re: Share Purchase Agreement executed
on May 5, 2016   

Dear Sirs, 

On May 5, 2016, AMRI   Albany Molecular
Research, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (USA), whose registered office is located in Albany
(NY   USA) ( AMRI ), as buyer, and Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy whose
registered office is in Milan (Italy), Via del Lauro 7, Italian Tax Code No. 04849340965 ( Lauro 57 ), as seller, entered
into a share purchase agreement, as amended pursuant to the amendment letter executed on July 7, 2016, ( Agreement ), governing
the terms and conditions of the purchase of no. 65.852.365 ordinary shares representing 100% of the share capital of Prime European
Therapeuticals S.p.A.   Euticals S.p.A., a company organized and existing under the laws of Italy, with registered office
at Viale Bianca Maria, No. 25, Milano, tax code No. 07254610152 ( Company ). AMRI has requested certain modifications to the
terms of the Agreement and the parties have agreed as set forth in this letter and represented by their signatures hereon. Except
as otherwise expressly defined in this letter ( Letter ), capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning ascribed
to them in the Agreement. 

1.   Modification of Section 6.4 . The first clause of the first sentence of Section 6.4 shall be amended as follows, provided
that the remainder of Section 6.4 shall remain as set forth in the Agreement:   

a.  Current language:  Not later than (30) Business Days after the Closing Date,    

2.   Survival   Interpretation .   

The
Parties acknowledge and agree that: (a) all the other provisions of the Agreement not expressly amended by this Letter shall remain
in full force and effect; and (b) any reference to the Agreement contained in this Letter shall be construed as a reference to
the Agreement, as amended by this Letter.  

3.     Governing law   Arbitration .     

Article
15 of the Agreement shall apply,  mutatis mutandis , to this Letter.  

If you agree with the amendment set forth
in this Letter, please deliver to us a letter reproducing the contents of this Letter, signed by you for full confirmation and
acceptance. 

Best regards. 

AMRI   Albany Molecular Research, Inc.  
         
      AMRI - Albany Molecular Research Luxembourg S rl   

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Mrs. Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Mrs. Lori M. Henderson 

Title: Senior Vice President
        and General Counsel 

Title: Category A Manager 

Evergreen S.r.l.  

/s/ Lori M. Henderson 

Name: Mrs. Lori M. Henderson 

Title: Sole Director 

For acceptance 

Milan, August 8, 2016 

Lauro Cinquantasette S.p.A. 

/s/ Marco Carotenuto 

Name: Marco Carotenuto 

Title: Director 

</EX-2.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v451842_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, William S. Marth certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Albany Molecular Research, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ William S. Marth  

Name: William S. Marth     

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v451842_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Felicia I. Ladin certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Albany Molecular Research, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Felicia I. Ladin  

Name: Felicia I. Ladin   

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v451842_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

The undersigned officer
of Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification
is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item 601(b)(32) )
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance
with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes
of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company
specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ William S. Marth  

Name: William S. Marth   

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v451842_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION  

The undersigned officer of Albany Molecular
Research, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies to her knowledge that the Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item 601(b)(32) ) promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii)
of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of
the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Felicia I. Ladin  

Name: Felicia I. Ladin   

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 amri-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 amri-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 amri-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 amri-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 amri-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 amri-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

