<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161129_10-Q_edgar_data_1629702_0001629702-16-000018_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>887908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53357</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>83014</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>115527</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>423333</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>188215</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001629702-16-000018.hdr.sgml : 20161129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161129141939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001629702-16-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bella Costa Designs Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001629702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-WOMEN'S CLOTHING STORES [5621]
		IRS NUMBER:				300842831
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-201403
		FILM NUMBER:		162022315

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SECTOR CENTRAL, LOTE3 31
		CITY:			ALDEA LAS CANOAS
		STATE:			J8
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		502-53250986

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SECTOR CENTRAL, LOTE3 31
		CITY:			ALDEA LAS CANOAS
		STATE:			J8
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001629702-16-000018.txt : 20161129

10-Q
 1
 bellacosta10qjuly312016.htm
 10-Q

10-Q                   Mark One   [ X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the quarterly period ended July 31, 2016       [   ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the transition period from ______ to _______       Commission File No. 333-201403             BELLA COSTA DESIGNS INC.   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                        Nevada     (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)        4700     (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number)        EIN 30-0842831      (IRS Employer   Identification Number)                  Sector Central, Lote 31   Aldea Las Canoas   Guatemala   347-708-0067         (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices)    Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes [X ]   No[   ]        1  |   Page        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.    Large accelerated filer [  ] Accelerated filer [   ] Non-accelerated filer [   ] Smaller reporting company [X]   Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes [X]  No [  ]    Applicable Only to Issuer Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years.   N/A   Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.  Yes[   ]  No[ X  ]   Applicable Only to Corporate Registrants   Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer   s classes of common stock, as of the most practicable date:                
                   PART 1             FINANCIAL INFORMATION                    Item 1           Condensed   Financial Statements (Unaudited)           4                              Condensed   Balance Sheets          4                                  Condensed   Statements of Operations          5                         Condensed   Statements of Cash Flows          6                       Notes to   the Condensed   Financial Statements          7             Item 2.             Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations           1  0             Item 3.             Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk           1  2             Item 4.          Controls and Procedures          1  2             PART II.           OTHER INFORMATION                    Item 1             Legal Proceedings          1  3             Item 2.            Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds          1  3             Item 3             Defaults Upon Senior Securities          1  3             Item 4                Mine safety disclosures          1  3             Item 5            Other Information          1  3             Item 6                Exhibits           1  3                    Signatures          1  4               3  |   Page         BELLA COSTA DESIGNS INC.     Condensed Balance Sheets  (unaudited)                                                                                        See accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements.                 4  |   Page         BELLA COSTA DESIGNS INC.      Condensed Statements of Operations  (unaudited)              
                                                                               See accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements.                 5  |   Page         BELLA COSTA DESIGNS INC.      Condensed Statement of Cash Flows        (unaudited)              
                                                                                       See accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements.                         6  |   Page        Bella Costa Designs Inc.   July 31, 2016   Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements    (Unaudited)            Note 1 - Organization and Operations          Bella Costa Designs Inc.         Bella Costa Designs Inc. (the    Company   ) was incorporated on September 15, 2014 under the laws of the State of Nevada.  The Company intends to import wedding and evening dresses from Asia to Guatemala to be sold online to anyone in Latin America.        Note 2 - Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and Practices        The Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application.  Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company   s financial condition and results and require management   s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company   s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles.         Basis of Presentation          The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (   U.S. GAAP   ) for the interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.  The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim period presented.  Unaudited interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of the Company for the reporting period ended July 31, 2016 and notes thereto contained in the Company   s Registration Statement on Form S-1, of which this is a part.         Fiscal Year-End         The Company elected October 31 as its fiscal year ending date.         Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).       Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company   s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were as follows:       (i)    Assumption as a going concern : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.   (ii)    Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets : Management assumes that the realization of the Company   s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (   NOL   ) carry   forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its         7  |   Page        daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.       These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.       Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.       Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.       Actual results could differ from those estimates.         Fair Value of Financial Instruments         The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (   Paragraph 820-10-35-37   ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (   GAAP   ), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.  The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below:     
                 Level 1             Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.                                 Level 2             Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.                                 Level 3             Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.            Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.       The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.       The carrying amounts of the Company   s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accounts payable approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.       Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.         Cash Equivalents         The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.         Related Parties         The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and         8  |   Page        disclosure of related party transactions.       Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include (a) affiliates of the Company (   Affiliate    means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825   10   15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.       The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include:  (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and (d) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.         Commitment and Contingencies         The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.       If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company   s financial statements.  If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.       Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.         Revenue Recognition         The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.         Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision         The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable         9  |   Page        income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.       The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (   Section 740-10-25   ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.       The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.       Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management   s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.         Tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions         The Company discloses tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions pursuant to the ASC Paragraph 740-10-50-15.         Earnings per Share         Earnings per share ("EPS") is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.  EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.  Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.  The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.       Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21 through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint of the security holder.  The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of paragraphs 260-10-45-35 through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260   10   55   23). Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS.  Under the treasury stock method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) c. The incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.       There were no contingent shares issuance arrangements, stock options or warrants which were issuable and could have potential dilutive effect to the earnings per share for the period ended July 31, 2016.         Cash Flows Reporting              10  |   Page        The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (   Indirect method   ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.  The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.         Subsequent Events         The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued.  Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.         Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements         In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation.        The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.       The amendments also clarify that the guidance in Topic 275, Risks and Uncertainties, is applicable to entities that have not commenced planned principal operations.       Finally, the amendments remove paragraph 810-10-15-16. Paragraph 810-10-15-16 states that a development stage entity does not meet the condition in paragraph 810-10-15-14(a) to be a variable interest entity if (1) the entity can demonstrate that the equity invested in the legal entity is sufficient to permit it to finance the activities that it is currently engaged in and (2) the entity   s governing documents and contractual arrangements allow additional equity investments.        The amendments in this Update also eliminate an exception provided to development stage entities in Topic 810, Consolidation, for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity on the basis of the amount of investment equity that is at risk. The amendments to eliminate that exception simplify U.S. GAAP by reducing avoidable complexity in existing accounting literature and improve the relevance of information provided to financial statement users by requiring the application of the same consolidation guidance by all reporting entities. The elimination of the exception may change the consolidation analysis, consolidation decision, and disclosure requirements for a reporting entity that has an interest in an entity in the development stage.       The amendments related to the elimination of inception-to-date information and the other remaining disclosure requirements of Topic 915 should be applied retrospectively except for the clarification to Topic 275, which shall be applied prospectively. For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein.       Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity   s financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption, entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915.            11  |   Page        In August 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15     Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity   s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (   ASU 2014-15   ).        In connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity   s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or within one year after the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Management   s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or at the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The term  probable  is used consistently with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies.       When management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern, management should consider whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating effect of management   s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern.       If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management   s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes):       a.   Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management   s plans)   b.   Management   s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity   s ability to meet its obligations   c.   Management   s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern.       If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration of management   s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that there is  substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern  within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following:       a.   Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern   b.   Management   s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity   s ability to meet its obligations   c.   Management   s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity   s ability to continue as a going concern.       The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.       Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.        Note 3     Going Concern        The Company has elected to adopt early application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,     Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity   s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (   ASU 2014-15   ) .       The Company   s financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.            12  |   Page        As reflected in the financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at October 31, 2015, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company   s ability to continue as a going concern.       The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company   s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company   s daily operations.  Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company   s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.       The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.        Note 4     Stockholder   s Equity          Shares Authorized         Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Seventy-five Million (75,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share.         Common Stock         Upon formation the Company sold 4,500,000 shares of common stock to the officer and director of the Company at $0.001 per share, or $4,500 for cash.       On April 22, 2016, the Company issued 1,043,450 shares of common stock to shareholders at $0.02 per share, or $ 20,869 for cash.       As of July 31, 2016, the Company issued total of 5,543,450 shares of common stock.        Note 5     Related Party Transactions      
                                          Advances from a Related Party         From time to time, a related party advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand.       The sole stockholder of the Company advanced $6,216 for the period from September 15, 2014 (inception) through July 31, 2016, none of which has been repaid.         Note 6     Subsequent Events        The Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.  The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.                               FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS            13  |   Page        Statements made in this Form 10-Q that are not historical or current facts are "forward-looking statements" made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "approximate" or "continue," or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.            ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION                EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS       At present, we have no employees other than our officer and director.  We presently do not have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt such plans in the future.  There are presently no personal benefits available to any officers, directors or employees.             Results of Operation         Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation.   We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities.         Three and Nine Months Period Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015           Our net loss for the three months periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $6,391 and $467.  Our net loss for the nine months periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $11,915 and $6,004.  During the three and nine months periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 we have not generated any revenue.       During the three months periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, our operating expenses were general and administrative expenses of $6 and $36; for the nine months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, $272 and $108.  Professional fees were $6,385 and $431 for the three months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015; for the nine months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 professional fees were $11,643 and $5,896. The weighted average number of shares outstanding were 4,752,429 and 4,500,000 for the three months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 and 4,598,427 and 4,500,000 for the nine months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.             Liquidity and Capital Resources          Three Months Period Ended July 31, 2016          As at July 31, 2016, our total assets were $11,422 compared to $2,468 in total assets as of October 31, 2015. Total assets were comprised of cash and equivalents. As at July 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, our current liabilities were         14  |   Page        $6,216 respectively. Stockholders    equity was $ 5,206 as of July 31, 2016 compare to stockholders' equity of $ (3,748) as of October 31, 2015.   We had a working capital surplus of $11,422 as of July 31, 2016.         Cash Flows from Operating Activities         We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the nine months periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash flows used in operating activities were $(11,915) and $(6,004).          Cash Flows from Investing Activities         For the nine months period ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we have not generated cash flows from investing activities.     Cash Flows from Financing Activities     For the nine months period ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash flows from financing activities were $20,869 and $1,500.     Plan of Operation and Funding         We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.       Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next three months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. We will have to raise additional funds in the next twelve months in order to sustain and expand our operations. We currently do not have a specific plan of how we will obtain such funding; however, we anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. We have and will continue to seek to obtain short-term loans from our directors, although no future arrangement for additional loans has been made. We do not have any agreements with our directors concerning these loans. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing.         Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements          As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we do not have any offbalance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.         Going Concern         The independent auditors' review report accompanying our October 31, 2015 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared "assuming that we will continue as a going concern," which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business.            15  |   Page          ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.         No report required.             ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission   s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer   s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.       An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Such officer also confirmed that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended July 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.                PART II. OTHER INFORMATION              ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS         Management is not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties.             ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         No report required.         ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES         No report required.             ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES         Not applicable.                16  |   Page          ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION         No report required.             ITEM 6. EXHIBITS         Exhibits:           31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a).       31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a).       32.1 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002.             SIGNATURES        In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                            Bella Costa Designs Inc.              Dated: November 29, 2016       By: /s/ Nelson Perez         Nelson Perez, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer                                                                                            17  |   Page      

<EX-31>
 2
 cert_ex31.htm
 EX31

Converted by EDGARwiz         302 CERTIFICATION               I, Nelson Perez, certify that:                1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bella Costa Designs Inc.             2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:             a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures, to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;             b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of        financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;             c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and             d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant   s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant   s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant   s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant   s internal control over financial reporting; and                5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant   s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant   s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 29, 2016    /s/Nelson Perez    Nelson Perez   Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer                   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 cert_ex32.htm
 EX32

Converted by EDGARwiz                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       The undersigned officer of Bella Costa Designs Inc. (the "Company"), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                /s/Nelson Perez    Nelson Perez   Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer                November 29, 2016               

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 none-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 none-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 none-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 none-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 none-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 none-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

