<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1643194_0001056520-16-000340_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>608303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53759</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>48715</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>111653</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>171624</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>193078</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001056520-16-000340.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114091539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001056520-16-000340
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DD's Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643194
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				611748028
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-204518
		FILM NUMBER:		161991098

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 171 - 2A - 15 WOROBETZ PLACE
		CITY:			SASKATOON
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7L 6R4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		306-716-5372

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 171 - 2A - 15 WOROBETZ PLACE
		CITY:			SASKATOON
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7L 6R4

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001056520-16-000340.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f20160930dddeluxe10qfilingve.htm
 10Q

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
   
  FORM 10-Q  
   (Mark One) 
   x        Quarterly Report Pursuant To Section 13 Or 15(d) Of The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   
          Transition Report Under Section 13 Or 15(d) Of The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934  
 For the transition period ________ to ________ 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER   000-52711  
   
   DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.   
 (Exact name of the registrant business issuer as specified in its charter)    

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   [x]   No [   ] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [x]   No  [  ] 
   
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See definition of  Accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  
 Large Accelerated Filer  [ ] 
  Accelerated Filer [ ] 
  Non-Accelerated Filer [ ]  
 Smaller Reporting Company [x] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [   ]   No [x]  
   
 As of  November 9, 2016,  there were  4,000,000  shares of issuer s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
 ITEM 1.   
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
   
 BALANCE SHEETS AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015 
   
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  
   
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  
   
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 ITEM 2.  
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
     
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
   
 ITEM 4.  
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
   
 PART II  -  OTHER INFORMATION 
   
 ITEM 1. 
   
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
   
 ITEM 1A.  
 RISK FACTORS. 
   
 ITEM 2.  
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS .  
   
 ITEM 3.  
 DEFAULTS ON SENIOR SECURITIES 
   
 ITEM 4. 
   
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
   
 ITEM 5. 
   
 OTHER INFORMATION 
   
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS    
   
 SIGNATURES 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
  Item 1   Financial Statements  
  DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  BALANCE SHEETS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

5  

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  Notes to Financial Statements  
  September 30, 2016  

N OTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS  
   
 DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. ( Deluxe  or the  Company ) was incorporated on September 26, 2014 under the laws of the State of Nevada.  The business purpose of the Company is to sell, through its website Deluxerodholder.com, a fishing rod holder primarily for use the sport of ice fishing.  The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
   
  NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 This summary of significant accounting policies is presented to assist in understanding the financial statements. The financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  
   
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited interim balance sheets and statements of operations and cash flows contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring items, necessary to present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The operating and financial results for the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 
   
  Going Concern  
   
 As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses since inception.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has no financial resources with which to achieve its objectives and obtain profitability and positive cash flows.  As shown in the accompanying balance sheets and statements of operations, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $91,254 and the Company's working capital is a negative $53,114.  Achievement of the Company's objectives will be dependent upon the ability to obtain additional financing, and generate revenue from current and planned business operations, and control costs.  The Company is in the development stage and has generated no operating income. The Company plans to fund its future operations by joint venturing or obtaining additional financing from investors and/or lenders.  However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve these objectives, therefore substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern exists.  The financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability of recorded assets nor the implications of associated bankruptcy costs should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant areas requiring the use of management assumptions and estimates relate to valuation of deferred tax.  Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions and could have a material effect on the Company s reported financial position and results of operations. 
   
  New Accounting Pronouncement  
   
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern. The guidance requires an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are   

6  

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  Notes to Financial Statements  
  September 30, 2016  

available to be issued when applicable). If conditions or events exist that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, the guidance requires disclosure in the financial statements. The guidance will be effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.  Early application is permitted.    
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents.   
   
  Start-up Costs  
   
 In accordance with ASC 720-15-20,   Start-up Costs,   the Company expenses all costs incurred in connection with the start-up and organization of the Company. 
   
  Fair Value Measurements  
   
 ASC Topic 820  Fair Value Measurements  ( ASC 820 ) requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value.  A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 
   
 Level 1:  Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
   
 Level 2:  Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quote prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 
   
 Level 3:  Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  
   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had no assets or liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. 
   
  Loss Per Share  
   
 Basic Earnings Per Share ( EPS ) is computed as net income (loss) available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.  
   
 Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock options and warrants.  The Company has no potentially dilutive securities such as options, warrants, or convertible debt currently issued and outstanding.  Consequently, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same, as shown in the Statement of Operations. 
   
  Income Taxes   
   
 The Company recognizes provision for income tax using the liability method.  Deferred income tax liabilities or assets at the end of each period are determined using the tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are  

7  

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  
  Notes to Financial Statements  
  September 30, 2016  

actually paid or recovered. A valuation allowance is recognized on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some or all of these deferred tax assets will not be realized.  
   
  NOTE 3   LINE OF CREDIT  
   
 On March 1, 2016, the Company entered into a short term line of credit agreement with Crest Business Solutions, LLC ( Crest ). The agreement provides that Crest will provide the Company with up to $50,000 via the line of credit.  All amounts borrowed by the Company pursuant to the line of credit will be due and payable (with accrued interest thereon) in one balloon payment on February 28, 2017.  The Company has the option to extend the term of the line of credit for an additional year to February 28, 2018.  Interest accrues on the principal amount borrowed pursuant to the line of credit at the rate of five percent per annum.  Crest previously had made advances to the Company.  As of March 1, 2016, advances payable of $28,286 were transferred into the line of credit. 
   
 As of September, 30, 2016, the balance of the Line of Credit was $30,449.  Accrued interest of $1,617 is also recorded.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest expense of $402 and $1,617, respectively.     
   
  NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  
   
  Common Stock  
 On February 9, 2016, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of its common stock at $0.01 per share for a total of $30,000.   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 4,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding with a par value of $0.001 per share.   

8  

I TEM 2.  
   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND PLAN OF OPERATION.   
    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This quarterly report and the exhibits attached hereto contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.  Such forward-looking statements concern the Company s anticipated results and developments in the Company s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur in the future.  These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management.   
 Any statement that expresses or involves discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always using words or phrases such as  expects  or  does not expect ,  is expected ,  anticipates  or  does not anticipate ,  plans ,  estimates , or  intends , or states that certain actions, events or results  may  or  could ,  would ,  might  or  will  be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: 
   
 Risks related to the Company s business being in the development stage; 
   
 Risks related to the Company being able to continue as a going concern; 
   
 Risks related to the Company s management residing in Canada; 
   
 Risks related to the Company being headquartered in Canada; 
   
 Risks related to the Company s ability to obtain a non-provisional patent for its product design; 
   
 Risks related to the Company s competitive disadvantages; 
   
 Risks related to the effects of climate change on the market for the Company s proposed product; 
   
 Risks related to the possible dilution of the Company s common stock from additional financing activities; 
   
 Risks related to potential conflicts of interest with the Company s management; 
   
 Risks related to the Company s shares of common stock; 
 This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect the Company s forward-looking statements.  Some of the important risks and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking statements are described further under the sections titled  Description of Business  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis  of this Quarterly Report.  Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.  The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events, except as required by law.  The Company advises readers to carefully review the reports and documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), particularly the Company s S-1 Registration Statement, as amended, originally filed on May 29, 2015, and in the future, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.  
  Corporate Background  
 DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. ( Deluxe  or the  Company ) is a Nevada corporation formed on September 26, 2014.  The Company intends to build its business by developing, marketing and selling a fishing rod holder for use primarily by ice-fisherman.  On January 30, 2015, the Company filed a provisional patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ).  The Company s original provisional patent application was scheduled to expire on January 30, 2016.  On January 28, 2016 the Company filed a new provisional patent  

9  

application with the USPTO.  On February 24, 2016, the Company converted the provisional patent application into a non-provisional by filing a non-provisional patent application, USPTO.  The Company anticipates the entire process to acquire a non-provisional utility patent will take between 12-18 months.  
  Current Operations  
   
 The Company is a developmental stage company.  The Company has conducted limited operations and have had no operating revenues.  We have never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any legal action or proceedings.  Since incorporating, we have not made any significant purchases or sales of assets, nor have we been involved in any mergers, acquisitions or consolidations.      
   
 Deluxe is building a business as a developer and seller of a fishing rod holder for use primarily for ice fishing.  Although the fishing rod holder can be used on almost any solid, relatively flat surface (such as a dock during non-winter months), our primary target market is ice anglers.  What we refer to as a fishing rod holder includes a platform base connected to a tube that holds the rod, a split key ring affixed to an eye bolt, a bent metal mechanism which we have described as the  fishing-rod-eyelet-catch,  an optional alarm bell, and a coarsely-threaded screw which enables the end-user to stabilize the unit and/or affix the base of the unit to ice, wood, foam, metal, and a range of other hard surfaces.  When a fish is hooked, the fishing-rod-eyelet-catch releases from the flexed rod allowing the stored elastic energy in the flexed rod to expend, visually alerting the fisherman.  The rod-holder will include a small metal bell and fisherman will have the option to attach it to the rod which will further alert the angler when a fish is hooked and the rod is released from the eyelet-catch.  The eyelet-catch is a bendable metal rod which allows the fisherman to adjust the sensitivity of the catch system: a decrease in the angle of the eyelet-catch makes the system more sensitive, and an increase in the angle of the eyelet-catch makes it less sensitive.  A more sensitive eyelet-catch will make it easier for small fish to disengage the eyelet-catch; and a less sensitive eyelet-catch will make it more difficult to disengage the fishing rod enabling only larger fish to do so. 
   
 Believing the design of our product is eligible for a utility patent, we have filed a non-provisional patent application with the USPTO.  The Company self-filed the non-provisional patent application via the USPTO s online electronic filing system.  The filing date, February 24, 2016, establishes the  date  of invention and, if a utility patent is ultimately issued, precludes any opposing claims to the invention subsequent to that date.  The USPTO will respond to the Company by either notifying the Company that its application is incomplete, or the application will be assigned internally within the USPTO to undergo the examination process.  If the application is incomplete the USPTO will provide the Company with a list of deficiencies and the Company will be given an opportunity to correct those deficiencies.  Once the application is complete and assigned to an examiner, the examiner will make an initial determination as to whether our proposed product is eligible for the issuance of a utility patent.  If the examiner initially determines that our proposed product is not eligible to receive a utility patent, the examiner will issue a determination to that effect and explain to the Company the bases for the examiner s determination.  The Company will then have an opportunity to amend its application and/or respond to the examiner s bases for its determination.  If the examiner determines that our proposed product is eligible for patent protection then the examiner will issue a notice of allowance which will contain further instructions to complete the process to issue the utility patent covering our proposed product.  If we are successful in obtaining a utility patent for our proposed product, that patent will grant us certain rights regarding the proposed product, including, but not necessarily limited to the rights to, for a period of at least twenty (20) years: exclude others from making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, or otherwise utilizing, our proposed product without our specific consent.  The Company expects it will take at least 12-18 months to obtain a non-provisional utility patent for our proposed product.   
   
 During the next twelve (12) months the Company will work toward identifying and engaging a manufacturer to produce our product and also identifying one or more sporting goods and/or angling equipment wholesaler and/or retailers with which to place our product for sale to the general public.  We will not make any agreements with wholesalers, retailers, or manufacturers until we have achieved success in obtaining a non-provisional utility patent for our proposed product.  We will likely not place any orders with a manufacturer unless and until we have received advance orders of our product from wholesalers and/or retailers.  We currently do not have any agreements with a manufacturer or with any wholesalers or product retailers.  We foresee delivering product to retailers and/or wholesalers within the next twenty-four (24) months. 

10  

Upon, and only if, the Company obtains a non-provisional  utility  patent for its proposed product, and after we have sourced a manufacturer to make our proposed product, we will begin marketing our proposed product to wholesalers, retailers and the general public.  Our marketing plan will include online search optimization, utilization of a Company website, production and dissemination of hard copy and electronic promotional materials and direct marketing efforts to retailers and wholesalers and trade show attendees. 
   
 We likely will not place any orders to manufacture our proposed product until we receive advanced sales orders from wholesalers and/or retailers.  At this time, it is impossible to effectively market our product and to know how long it will take us to acquire enough advanced orders to engage in manufacturing our proposed product.  However, our current plan envisions delivering product to wholesalers and/or retailers within twenty-four (24) months. 
   
 Our business plan calls for us to approach manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers with existing reputations for quality, customer service, ease of shopping experience and economic value.  Because we are a development stage company, it will be important for us to work with others who have positive reputations in order to give consumers confidence in our product and business.  We have identified companies which we believe have positive reputations, but currently do not have working relationships with any manufacturers, wholesalers or retailers.  We intend to have working relationships with one or more parties to manufacture, wholesale, and/or retail our proposed product within 18 months.  
   
 We also intend to market our proposed product via our website and through other forms of direct marketing and distribution such as trade shows, infomercials and social media.  Additionally we intend our future website to contain an online shopping cart component to allow the purchase of our proposed product directly from us through our website.  By self-filing our non-provisional patent application, we have conserved monetary resources that can be re-directed towards other endeavors, including building out our website.  When fully built out, it is intended that our website will contain general information about the Company, its product(s) and operations, the ability to view and purchase our product(s) and information relevant to corporate governance and investor relations.  The Company intends to have its website fully built out and operational by the time it begins placing manufacturing orders for its proposed product.   
   
  Competition  
 We are currently unaware of anyone manufacturing, marketing, supplying or selling any product similar to our deluxe fishing rod holder.  Our limited research on the internet did not result in the identification of any companies currently manufacturing and/or supplying a fishing-rod holder similar to the one we have designed and intend to market and sell.  
   
 There are several companies that make and sell fishing rod holders, including fishing rod holders designed specifically for ice fishing; however, Deluxe has not yet identified a fishing rod holder currently being manufactured and/or sold by anyone else that will help set the hook into the fish s mouth and trigger an alarm bell notifying the angler that a fish has been hooked.  Our limited research has led us to believe that there are no products currently being offered similar to our proposed product.  Although we have not identified a product similar to our design, our research has been limited and there could be a similar product, of which we are currently unaware, being marketed and/or sold. 
   
 We have not obtained any empirical evidence detailing the competitive market in the U.S. and Canada for a rod-holder such as the one we have designed, and we cannot determine competitive factors with any degree of certainty.  We plan on working with a supplier who already manufactures fishing products.  We do not at this time have any agreements or contracts with a supplier or company that provides such products.      
   
 While we do not have empirical evidence to support our contentions, our limited research has led us to believe that competitive conditions are favorable.  According to statistics by Statista.com, there appear to be correlations among various categories of Wildlife-related recreational expenditures in the U.S. during the years  2001, 2006, and 2011 (in the billion U.S. dollars), by category.  In 2001, $48.97 billion was spent on Wildlife watching, $45.43 billion was spent on Fishing, and $26.28 billion was spent on Hunting.  In 2006, $51.13 billion was spent on Wildlife watching,  

11  

$47.05 billion was spent on Fishing, and $25.64 billion was spent on Hunting.  In 2011, $54.96 billion was spent on Wildlife watching, $41.77 billion was spent on Fishing, and $33.26 billion was spent on Hunting.  In all three categories from 2001 to 2006 there was a  2.5% increase in total sales.  In the same categories from 2006 to 2011 there was a 5% increase in total sales.  Although fishing sales dropped in 2011 to $41.77 billion from $47.05 billion in 2006, total sales of hunting increased to $33.26 billion from where it had dropped to in 2006.  It is estimated that 90.1 million Americans or 38% of the population participated in wildlife-related recreation in 2011.  It was an increase in 2.6 million participants since 2006.  Although we do not have empirical data to support it: Deluxe considers there to be similarities and possible correlations between hunting and fishing.  Those involved in wildlife-related recreation spent $130 billion on gear, trips, licenses, tags, and land leasing.  More than 33 million people fished in 2011.  They spent $41.8 billion on trips, equipment, licenses and other items, an average of $1,262.00 per angler.  Statistics gathered by the American Fishing Association estimates that the ice fishing market exceeded $260 Million in 2012, an increase of nearly 10% over 2011.  Our data is not suggesting that the increase in total sales from 2011 to 2012 are new anglers; however, it may suggest a relationship with dollars spent in other wildlife-related recreational categories.   
   
 There are no immediate or imminent threats to the supply or prices of related materials due to shortages or other factors that we are aware of at this time.  To our knowledge, at this time there are no government regulations, in the United States or Canada, that would prohibit or negatively affect Deluxe from importing or exporting our product(s) into or out of those countries.  To our knowledge, at this time there are no import/export regulations or controls imposed by any of the potential countries, from which our product(s) could originate, that would prevent us from obtaining our product(s) or shipping our products to the U.S. or Canada.   
 The Company provides no assurance it will be able to compete in any of its business areas effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures faced by the Company will not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operating results.  
 The Company currently has no employees and has no plans to hire any employees during its first year of operation.  Deluxe intends to use contracted services to conduct all aspects of its business.  
  Office and Other Facilities  
 DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. currently maintains its administrative offices, at no cost to the Company, in space provided to it by the Company s sole officer and director, who is also the Company s largest shareholder.  The telephone number is (306) 716-5372.  Deluxe does not currently own title to any real property.  
  Employees     
 The Company has no employees other than its executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-Q. Deluxe conducts business largely through independent contractor agreements with consultants.  
  Research and Development  
 As we build out our organization, we intend to incorporate a business development component that will be responsible for researching opportunities for growth; such as marketing our product abroad and expanding our shipping and distribution to Europe, and other parts of the world.  Our intended market for the first 12 months of production and sales will be the U.S. and Canada. 
  Reports to Security Holders  
 The Company does not issue annual or quarterly reports to security holders other than the annual Form 10-K and quarterly Forms 10-Q as electronically filed with the SEC.  Electronically filed reports may be accessed at   www.sec.gov      .  Interested parties also may read and copy any materials filed with the SEC at the SEC s Public  

12  

Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street NW, Washington, DC 20549.  Information may be obtained on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. 
  PLAN OF OPERATION     
 The Company maintains a corporate office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan Canada.  This is the primary administrative office for the Company and is utilized by the Company s sole officer and director, Desmond Deschambeault.     
 During the first stages of our growth, our sole officer and director will provide all the labor required to execute our business plan, and since we intend to operate with very limited administrative support, he will continue to be responsible for the majority of labor required for at least the first year of operations.  We anticipate our sole officer and director will be able to initially devote up to 20-25 hours per week toward the development of our business. 
 We are a development stage enterprise with limited operations.  We have had no revenues since inception, and have limited financial backing and assets.   
 Our plan of operation is to obtain a non-provisional utility patent from the United States Patent and Trademark Office for our fishing rod holder.  We expect this process to take at least twelve (12) to eighteen (18) months.    
   
 Based upon our estimated costs we will need at least twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000) in capital for the next twelve (12) months of operations in order to sustain our business.  This amount of capital will only allow us to put into operation a minimal amount of our business plan.  If we are only able to source a minimal amount of capital our president will have to dedicate more time and remain extremely judicious regarding implementing the plan of operations.  If we are unable to source at least this minimum amount, we will be forced to locate additional sources of capital which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all.   
   
 The Company will not approach manufacturing companies or commence sales of its prototype until it has obtained a non-provisional utility patent from the United States Patent Office.  On February 24, 2016 the Company submitted its application, for a non-provisional utility patent, to the USPTO. 
   
 Upon the successful grant of our non-provisional utility patent, we can share our idea with already existing sporting goods and/or fishing equipment companies and prepare marketing strategies for our product.  If we cannot find an already existing sporting goods/fishing equipment company that is interested in taking on our product, we will work toward having it manufactured, and market it ourselves utilizing an online shopping cart through our domain name  deluxerodholder.com,  and potentially through other forms of direct marketing and distribution such as social media, attending/sponsoring ice-fishing tournaments, trade shows, infomercials or other forms of marketing and distribution.   
   
 The Company has no plans to hire employees during the next year of operations.  The Company s president has a functional home office where he has all the necessary space and equipment to conduct Deluxe business for at least the next year of operations.  He plans to continue to supply the necessary office space and facilities to the Company for at least the next year of their operations at no cost to the Company.  The President also has access to, and experience with the necessary professional and clerical resources that the Company can engage any time on a fee for service or contractual basis.  
 The Company s continuation as a going concern or ultimately to attain profitability is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required and to further develop its proposed product.  Potential sources (other than from operating revenues) of cash, or relief of demand for cash, include additional external debt, the sale of shares of the Company s stock or alternative methods such as joint ventures, mergers or sale(s) of the Company s assets.  No assurances can be given, however, that the Company will be able to obtain any of these potential sources of cash.  The Company currently requires additional cash funding from outside sources to fully develop its business plan.   

13  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
 The Company has earned no revenues from operations since its inception and does not anticipate earning any revenues, from operations, for the foreseeable future.  DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. is a development stage company and presently is engaged in the business of developing a fishing rod holder primarily for use in the sport of ice fishing.  
   Operating expenses   
 The Company incurred total operating expenses of $8,089 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $7,506 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $583.   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 incurred total operating expenses of $42,043, an increase of $9,878 compared to $32,165 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
   Legal and professional fees   
   
 The following table presents legal and professional fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents legal and professional fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Legal fees increased $828 and $8,260 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively compared to the same periods ended September 30, 2015.  The increase is primarily related to legal costs associated with documentation of sales of common stock registered via Form S-1 and due diligence costs related to securing approval from financial regulatory agencies.   
   
 Accounting and audit fees increased $1,680 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015, because of audit fees incurred during the quarter.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, accounting and audit fees decreased $770.  
   
   General and administrative expenses   
   
 The Company incurred general and administrative expenses of ($822) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively as a result of reclassification of other assets previously expensed in a prior quarter.   
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased $2,388 from over the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase included $1,778 for supplies expenses related to stock certificates and administrative public company costs of share issuances.   

14  

L IQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION   

The Company has $14,092 in cash at September 30, 2016.  The Company will be reliant upon proceeds previously raised from the sales of its common stock registered with the SEC on its Form S-1 originally filed on May 29, 2015 and declared effective on October 19, 2015, and potentially other (private or public) placements of equity or debt securities, loans from our sole director and officer, third party loans and/or future revenues from operations.  The Company currently have no plans to conduct additional offerings (other than our current offering of registered shares of our common stock) of equity or debt securities.      Except as set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in the financial statements and notes thereto, the Company has not secured any loans.      Any future issuance of additional shares of our capital stock to finance our future operations will potentially reduce the control of current shareholders and may result in substantial additional dilution to shareholders. 
   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had no long-term debt.  The Company may borrow money in the future to finance its future operations.  Any such borrowing will increase the risk of loss to shareholders in the event the Company is unsuccessful in repaying such loans. 
   
 There are no guarantees the Company will be able to source any additional funding, of any kind, on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 
   
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 The Company has no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to its stockholders.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Revenue and Cost Recognition  
 We recognize revenue at the time the product is provided and paid for by the customer.  We follow Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605,  Revenue Recognition  Issue ASC 605 requires that all amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling should be classified as revenues.  Our service costs include amounts for shipping and handling, therefore, we charge our customers shipping and handling fees at the time the products are shipped or when services are performed. The cost of shipping services to the customer is recognized at the time the services are shipped to the customer and our policy is to classify them as shipping expenses.  The cost of shipping services to the customer is classified as a shipping expense. 

15  

In addition to the above, ASC 605 address certain criteria for revenue recognition.  ASC 605 outlines the criteria that must be met to recognize revenue and provides guidance for disclosures related to revenue recognition policies.  Our revenue recognition policies comply with the guidance contained in ASC 605. 
   
  Delays in new accounting rules and standards  
   
 Deluxe has elected to take advantage of the transition period afforded to emerging growth companies and as a result, we will delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different dates of application for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.  As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.   
  ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   The Company does not hold any derivative instruments and does not engage in any hedging activities.  
  ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its President and Treasurer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.*  Management evaluates the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control    Integrated Framework.  
   
 Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s President and Treasurer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, and concluded that it is ineffective in assuring that the financial reports of the Company are free from material errors or misstatements. 
   
 *This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by its registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
   
 Management has identified two material weaknesses and is taking action to remedy and remove the weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting: 

Inappropriate Segregation of Duties, as the same officer and director was responsible for initiating and recording transactions, thereby creating segregation of duties weakness. 
   
  Management s Remediation Initiatives . 
   
 Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. 
   
 The Company clearly recognizes, and continues to recognize, the importance of implementing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting and is working to implement an  

16  

effective system of controls.  Management is currently evaluating avenues for mitigating the Company's internal controls weaknesses, but mitigating controls that are practical and cost effective may not be found based on the size, structure, and future existence of the organization, Since the Company has not generated any significant revenues, the Company is limited in its options for remediation efforts. Management, within the confines of its budgetary resources, will engage its outside accounting firm to assist with an assessment of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. 
   
  Changes in internal controls over financial reporting  
   
 There have been no material changes in internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
    PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
    ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. is not a party to any material legal proceedings and, to Management s knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened or contemplated. No director, officer or affiliate of DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company s securities or any associate of any such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. or has a material interest adverse to DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc.in reference to pending litigation 
  ITEM 1A.   
  RISK FACTORS  
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2016.   
  ITEM 2.  
  RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES   
 There were no sales of unregistered securities of the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
   
      ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
   
 None 
   
  ITEM 4.    
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 N/A 
  ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION.   
 None 
    ITEM 6.   
  EXHIBITS                              

Exhibit Number   
    Description of Exhibits   

3.1  
   Articles of Incorporation. (1)   

3.2  
   Bylaws (1)   

31.1 
   Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

17  

32.1 
   Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS* 
   XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document 

101.CAL* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PRE* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Label Presentation Linkbase 

(1)  
   Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on May 29, 2015, as amended. 

(*) 
   XBRL Information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

18  

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DD S DELUXE ROD HOLDER, INC.  

Date:  
   November 10, 2016  
   By:  
    /s/   Desmond Deschambeault  
  
                  DESMOND DESCHAMBEAULT  

President  

(Principal Executive Officer ) 

Date: 
   November 10, 2016 
        /s/ Desmond Deschameault  

By:  
   DESMOND DESCHAMBEAULT 

Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

19  

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications.   
   
 I, Desmond Deschambeault, certify that: 

1. 
   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc.; 

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the registrant, and have: 

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,   to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation   and 

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
   The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting   , to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses   in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting   which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/  Desmond Deschambeault    

Desmond Deschambeault 
 Principal Financial Office and Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibit 32.1   
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Desmond Deschambeault, President (and principal executive officer) of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc., and will be retained by DD s Deluxe Rod Holder, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
   
 Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Desmond Deschambeault  

Desmond Deschambeault 
 President 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 ddrh-20160930.xml
 INSTANCE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ddrh-20160930.xsd
 SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ddrh-20160930_cal.xml
 CALCULATION

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ddrh-20160930_def.xml
 DEFINITION

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ddrh-20160930_lab.xml
 LABEL

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ddrh-20160930_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION

</EX-101.PRE>

