<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1526726_0001393905-16-001099_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>953423</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113420</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>54889</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>269704</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>217328</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>208110</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393905-16-001099.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114192022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393905-16-001099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HORIZON MINERALS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001526726
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				412281448
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-176798
		FILM NUMBER:		161997362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9101 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105 - 197
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		587-984-2321

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9101 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105 - 197
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAFE DYNAMICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110726

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393905-16-001099.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 hznm_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

10Q        UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q                HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                      Delaware          41-2281448           (State or other jurisdiction of   incorporation or organization)      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)           9101 West Sahara Avenue     Suite 105 - 197      Las Vegas, Nevada  89117     (Address of principal executive offices)         (587) 984-2321     (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)   _______   (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)       Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [ X ]  No [   ]       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [ X ]  No [  ]       Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:                    Large accelerated filer  [  ]      Accelerated filer                   [  ]         Non-accelerated filer    [  ]  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      Smaller reporting company  [ X ]                     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)  Yes [  ]   No [ X ]       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:                                                                                                                                                                                                              ii              HORIZON MINERALS CORP.         Table of Contents                          PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION        1           Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements        1          Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations        2           Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks        7          Item 4. Controls and Procedures        7           PART II - OTHER INFORMATION        8          Item 1. Legal Proceedings        8           Item 1A. Risk Factors        8          Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        9           Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities        9          Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures        9           Item 5. Other Information        9          Item 6. Exhibits        10           SIGNATURES        11                                                                                                                       iii               PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION              Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements        The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial reporting and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  While these statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for fair presentation of the results of the interim period, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes thereto, which are included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2016.                                                                                                                                                                            1               HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     BALANCE SHEETS     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)                                                                                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim financial statements.        F-1               HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)     (Unaudited)                                                                                                      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim financial statements.        F-2              HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)     (Unaudited)                                                                                                                      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim financial statements.        F-3               HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)     (Unaudited)                                                                                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim financial statements.        F-4               HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     Notes to Financial Statements     For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     (Expressed in US Dollars)     (Unaudited)             NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS        Horizon Minerals Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 11, 2011. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) with an arms-length party to acquire mineral claims. The acquisition resulted in a shift of the Company s business model to that of a mineral exploration for lithium properties in Nevada and California.        The Company s financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) which contemplate the realization of assets and discharge of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has funded its operations through the issuance of capital stock and debt. Management intends to obtain additional funding by borrowing funds from its directors and officers, issuing promissory notes and/or a private placement of common stock. There is no certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue operating as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue its operations as a going concern, realize the carrying value of its assets, and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business is dependent upon its ability to raise new capital sufficient to fund its commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately on generating profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.        NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION        The unaudited interim financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. They do not include all information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. However, except as disclosed herein, there has been no material change in the information disclosed in the notes to the financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (including normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, these unaudited interim financial statements and the related notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s report on Form 10-K.         NOTE 3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS        As at September 30, 2016, the Company was indebted to Mr. Robert Fedun, a director, and the CEO and CFO of the Company, in the amount of $92,401 (December 31, 2015 - $61,477).  Of this balance, $7,727 (December 31, 2015 - $3,803) was included in due to related party, and $84,674 (December 31, 2015 - $57,674), associated with the services provided by Mr. Fedun, was included in accounts payable. Amounts due to related party are due on demand, bear no interest, and are unsecured.       During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company accrued $27,000 (September 30, 2015 - $27,000) in consulting fees to Mr. Fedun. The consulting fees were recorded as part of professional fees on the Statement of Operations.        On October 8, 2016, the Company entered into a debt settlement agreement with Mr. Fedun to convert $91,284 owed to him into 456,419 restricted common shares ( the Shares ) of the Company at $0.20 per share. The shares were issued on November 11, 2016.            F-5              HORIZON MINERALS CORP.     Notes to Financial Statements     For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     (Expressed in US Dollars)     (Unaudited)             NOTE 4 - STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT        During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not enter into any transactions that resulted in the issuance of its common stock.        NOTE 5 - NOTE PAYABLE        On May 2, 2016, the Company received a $10,000 loan from a third party (the  Lender ) in exchange for a one-year promissory note accumulating interest at 10% per annum compounded annually. At September 30, 2016, the Company accrued $250 in interest associated with the loan.        On October 8, 2016, the Company entered into a debt settlement agreement with the Lender to convert $10,258 owed to the Lender into 51,290 restricted common shares ( the Shares ) of the Company at $0.20 per share. The shares were issued on November 11, 2016.        NOTE 6 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT        Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) with Gold Exploration Management Inc. ( GEM ) to acquire 423 twenty-acre lithium mineral claims situated in Great Basin in the Southern Nye County, 400 twenty-acre lithium mineral claims located in eastern San Bernardino County, California, and 200 twenty-acre lithium claims located in Elko County, Nevada (all claims collectively referred to as the  Claims ). On October 4, 2016, as consideration for the sale of the Claims, the Company issued thirty million (30,000,000) restricted shares of its common stock to GEM.                                                                                                                F-6               Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations          Forward-Looking Statements          This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and prospects that reflect management s assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available.  We can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking statements will be realized.  If any of our management s assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such expectations should materialize, our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements.       The key factors that are not within our control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to, likelihood of us locating a potential project for our exploration activities, our managements  ability to raise capital required to support our day-to-day operations and to acquire potential property(ies), the retention of key personnel and changes in regulatory requirements.       There may be other risks and circumstances that our management may be unable to predict.  When used in this Quarterly Report, words such as,  "believes,"  "expects," "intends,"  "plans,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements not accompanied by such expressions.         Overview         We were incorporated in Delaware on May 11, 2011. On October 4, 2016, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the  Agreement ) with Gold Exploration Management Inc., a Nevada corporation ( GEM ) to acquire a title to lithium mineral claims situated in the states of Nevada and California. Upon acquisition of the claims we have ceased to be a  shell company  as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.           Recent Corporate Developments         The following corporate developments occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and up to the date of the filing of this report:        Acquisition of Mineral Claims        On October 4, 2016, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the  Agreement ) with Gold Exploration Management Inc., a Nevada corporation ( GEM ).  Pursuant to the Agreement, GEM agreed  to sell to us its title to 423 twenty-acre lithium mineral claims situated in Great Basin in the Southern Nye County, Nevada, 400 twenty-acre lithium mineral claims located in eastern San Bernardino County, California, and  200 twenty-acre lithium claims located in Elko County, Nevada (all claims collectively referred to as the  Claims ).       As consideration for the sale of the Claims, we agreed to issue thirty million (30,000,000) restricted shares of our common stock to GEM, which shares were issued on October 4, 2016 at a deemed price of $0.10 per share. Furthermore, we agreed to appoint one person of GEM s choosing to our Board of Directors.  In addition, we agreed to assume all financial liabilities of the Claims including registration fees and taxes payable to federal, state, and county government agencies, and to pay a 2% carried gross production royalty on any mineral production from the Claims.       Under the terms of the Agreement, we were deemed to have acquired the Claims as of the date of the Agreement. We expect the formal transfer of title to the Claims to be completed by November 30, 2016.        Appointment of Directors        On October 4, 2016, our Board of Directors appointed David A. Bending, principal of GEM, to the Board of Directors. Mr. Bending will serve until our next annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is duly elected and qualified.         2             Mr. Bending, has over 35 years of experience in the mining exploration and development industry, including 14 years with Homestake Mining Company where he served as Exploration Manager in Latin America, three years with Texasgulf Exploration, and two years with Rio Tinto Exploration. Mr. Bending has held numerous senior executive and senior consulting positions with large exploration and mining companies. His work has directly resulted in the identification of several mineral discoveries and transactions in the United States, Canada and Mexico. He is experienced with all aspects of mining law, mining development trends, and business practices. He is fully conversant in Portuguese, Spanish, French and English. Mr. Bending obtained his B.Sc. in Geology with honors from the University of Oregon, and he completed his M.Sc. at the University of Toronto in Mineral Deposits Geology, Geochemistry and Geophysics.         On October 14, 2016, our Board of Directors appointed Mr. Gilberto Arias to the Board of Directors. Mr. Arias will serve until the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is duly elected and qualified.        Mr. Arias is a Senior Advisor at Energeia, a network of researchers and climate change negotiators. Formerly a diplomat, Mr. Arias led the climate change delegation of Panama and acted as a Senior Advisor to the delegations of the Dominican Republic and the Marshall Islands. Mr. Arias  focus has been on energy, agriculture, water, and cooperative arrangements in sustainable low carbon development. His portfolio includes extensive policy writing and advisory work on trade, climate change and sustainable development. Alongside policy work, Mr. Arias worked on implementation initiatives among public, private, and non-state entities.        Mr. Arias attended the University of Virginia from 1982 to 1986, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy and economics. In 1986, following his graduation, he attended the University of Cambridge, graduating with a degree in law in 1988 and an LLM in 1989. From 1990 through 2000 Mr. Arias worked as an associate lawyer at Arias Fabrega   Fabrega. From 2000 through 2009 Mr. Arias was an executive at the newspaper publishing group Editora Panam  America S.A., Panama. In 2008 he was appointed a Director of Capital Bank, Panama, and in 2009 as Panama's Ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland where he served until November 2011. Currently Mr. Arias works as a consultant on climate change and sustainable development, collaborating with the OECD, the World Resources Institute, and Energeia.          Debt Settlement Agreements        On October 8, 2016, we entered into debt settlement agreements with Mr. Evan Tozer, and Mr. Robert Fedun, a company s director, President and CEO, whereby the Company agreed to convert $10,258 owed to Mr. Tozer and $91,284 owed to Mr. Fedun into 507,709 restricted common shares ( the Shares ) of the Company at $0.20 per share. The shares were issued on November 11, 2016.        Advisory Board        In connection with our acquisition of the Claims, we have changed our business model and operations to that of a mineral acquisition and exploration. To assist us with the transition, we have set up an advisory board and appointed Mr. Francisco Alfonso Flores Aguirre, B.Sc., M.Sc.Eng. ("Mr. Flores") our advisor. Mr Flores agreed to assist and advise us on management of our affairs with Mexico, where we are looking into possibility of acquiring additional claims.        Mr. Flores has held several prominent positions within the Mexican Government which complement the Company's management team, including a six year tenure as Mining Minister of the State of Chihuahua, Mexico. Mr. Flores most recently served as National Manager within the Mexican National Water Commission from June 2009 to December 2012. He also served six years starting in February 2001 as the General Director of Social Enterprises within the Mexican Ministry of Economy. From October 1992 to October 1998, Mr. Flores was the Mining Minister of the State of Chihuahua, Mexico. In addition to his government posts, Mr. Flores has extensive private sector experience. Today, he is Founding Partner and General Director of Desarrollos Mineros Santa Fe, S.A. de C.V., a contractor in open pit and underground mine operations. In 2007, he also founded Mining M21, S.A. de C.V., where he executed feasibility studies and other mining project evaluations. Currently Mr. Flores is working on lithium projects within and near Mexico.                3               Results of Operations           Summary of Financial Condition         The following table summarizes and compares our financial condition at September 30, 2016, to the year ended December 31, 2015.               Selected Financial Results           Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015               Revenues         We did not generate any revenue during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Due to the exploration stage of our operations, we do not expect to have significant operating revenue in the foreseeable future.        Operating Expenses        During the three months ended September 30, 2016, our expenses increased by $4,144 or 31.2% from $13,303 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, to $17,447 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was mainly due to increased due-diligence associated with the acquisition of the Claims which we completed in October 2016. We did not have similar expenditures during the three month period ended September 30, 2015.       During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our expenses decreased by $44,370 or 44.7% from $99,319 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, to $54,949 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease was mainly due to $50,000 in project investigation costs we incurred in our Fiscal 2015 which were associated with our entry into the share purchase agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Boomchat Inc. The decrease in project investigation costs was offset in part by increases in our other operating expenses which were directly associated with the due-diligence on acquisition of the Claims. As a result, our filing and regulatory expenses increased by 73.1% or $2,683 from $3,668 we incurred during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, to $6,351we incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016; general and administrative expenses increased 41.0% or $269 from $659 we incurred during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, to $928 we incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and our professional fees increased by 6.0% or 2,678 from $44,992 we incurred during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, to $47,670 we incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.        4               Net Loss        Our net loss for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, increased by $4,800 from $12,563 we incurred during the three month period ended September 30, 2015, to $17,363 we incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our net loss for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $47,640 from $97,620 we incurred during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, to $49,980 we incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These decreases were mainly associated with reduction of our project investigation costs to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Boomchat Inc.        We anticipate incurring ongoing operating losses and cannot predict when, if at all, we may expect these losses to plateau or narrow.        Liquidity and Capital Resources        Cash Flows             During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $13,924 in our day-to-day operating activities. Our net loss of $49,980 was offset by an increase in our accounts payable of $32,162, of which $18,000 was attributed to the increase in the amount due to our director and officer for consulting services, by an increase in our accrued liabilities of $3,362, and by reduction of our prepaid expenses of $176.        Our operations during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, were supported by $10,000 loan we received from a third party and by $3,818 in advances form our director and officer.       In the comparable period ended September 30, 2015, we used $62,293 in our day-to-day operating activities. We used $97,620 to cover our net loss and $1,940 to reduce our accrued liabilities. These uses of cash were offset by the increase in the accounts payable of $7,460 and amounts due to related party of $30,422.       Our operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, were supported by advances from a non-related party of $62,368.       We do not have sufficient funds to maintain our operations for the next twelve months, as such, we continue with our ongoing efforts to raise additional capital by conducting additional issuances of our equity and debt securities for cash.  The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness will result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that could restrict our operations or modify our plans to grow the business. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, will limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects.  We cannot assure you that any financing can be obtained or, if obtained, that it will be on reasonable terms.  As such, our principal accountants have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because we have limited operations and have not fully commenced planned principal operations.       There are no known trends, events or uncertainties that have had or that are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our revenues from continuing operations.       We have not paid for expenses on behalf of our directors.  Additionally, we believe that this fact shall not materially change.                5              Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements        We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.        Plant and Equipment        We currently do not own any significant plant or equipment that we would seek to sell in the near future.           Going Concern Consideration         Our auditors have issued an opinion on our annual financial statements which includes a statement describing our going concern status. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills and meet our other financial obligations. This is because we have not generated any revenues and no revenues are anticipated in the near future. Accordingly, we must raise capital from sources other than the actual sale of the product. We must raise capital to implement our project and stay in business.         Unproved Mineral Properties         On October 4, 2016, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Gold Exploration Management Inc. to acquire title to a total of 1,023 twenty-acre lithium mineral claims. We expect the formal transfer of title to the Claims to be completed by November 30, 2016.              Crystal Basin Claims        The 220 twenty-acre Crystal Basin Claim units are located in Southern Nye County 20 miles west of Indian Springs AF Base and four to twelve miles southeast of U.S. Highway 95, the main highway connecting Las Vegas and the interior of Nevada, west of the Nevada Military Test Site and along the east flank of the Amargosa Valley.  The region has been subject to extensive clay, potash and zeolite exploration and mining since 1978 and regional studies by the U.S. Bureau of Mines and the United States Geological Survey which confirmed the presence of anomalous lithium values on a local and regional level in springs, well water and clays.  No other previous work is documented within the lands held by the Company. The region was selected based on regional setting, hydrological criteria, and the chemical nature of the brines.  The claims were filed August 29, 2016, and renewed August 31, 2016, by Gold Exploration Management Inc.        Scotty s Southeast Claims        The 203 twenty-acre claim units called the Scotty s Southeast Claims were located September 14 to 18, 2016 in south Central Nye County 15 miles south of Scotty s Junction Airport, two to four miles southwest of US Highway 95.  These claims lie in the southern portion of a topographic basin which was cited in USGS literature in 1977 as a closed basin associated with anomalous lithium concentrations in surficial clays with a maximum lithium concentration of 300 parts per million.  No previous work is reported in the specific lands held by the Company but the basin is the site of increasingly intense competitor activity with emphasis on discovery of lithium enriched brines below the surficial materials. The region was selected based on regional setting, hydrological criteria, and the chemical nature of the brines.  The claims are pending filing by the Gold Exploration Management Inc.                6          Cholla Claims        The 400 twenty-acre claim units called the Cholla Claims are located in eastern San Bernardino County between Barstow and Needles, California.  These claims consist of Association placer claim blocks located on land under the authority of the Bureau of Land Management. They are located in four discrete parcels called the Northwest, West, East and Turtle Trend Blocks.  The claims were located between September 5 and 10, 2016.  They are readily accessible from U.S. Route 66 and regional rail lines with excellent access and infrastructure.  The region has been subject to extensive salt exploration and mining since 1885 and regional studies by the U.S. Bureau of Mines and the United States Geological Survey which confirmed the presence of sodium and calcium chloride, potassium salts and anomalous concentrations of lithium including but not limited to the brines extracted from drillholes disclosed by the United States Geological Survey.  No other previous work has been documented.  The region was selected based on regional setting, hydrological criteria, and the chemical nature of the brines.  The claims are pending filing by the Gold Exploration Management Inc.        North Limb        The 200 twenty-acre claim units called the North Limb lie in northeastern Nevada in Elko County along the border with Utah, approximately 10-15 miles north of Wendover, Nevada.  They cover the eastern portion of a salt flat, which is part of the Great Salt Lake north of Bonneville Salt Flats, an area in which drillhole data released by a joint publication of the USGS and the Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology documented strongly anomalous lithium concentrations in brines.  The property lies 5 to 12 miles north of U.S. Interstate Highway 80 and is accessible along unpaved roads and four-wheel-drive trails.  No previous exploration work has been reported within the subject claims but the proximity of the well documented potassium and lithium concentrations at Bonneville Salt Flats attracted the Company s attention to the region.        The Company continues its research and property evaluation on all of the Claims and further acquisitions may be possible pending confirmation of the titles.             Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks        Not applicable.              Item 4. Controls and Procedures         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures         Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, it was concluded that, due to lack of segregation of duties, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in providing reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.        Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting          There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.         Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures         In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.           7                  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION                 Item 1. Legal Proceedings        We are not a party to any material legal proceedings.             Item 1A. Risk Factors        Our significant business risks are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2016.        In addition to the factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risks and uncertainties associated with our acquisition of the lithium Claims in the states of Nevada and California could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.         Mineral exploration is highly speculative and risky; we might not find mineral deposits that can be extracted cost effectively on our claims.         Exploration for mineral deposits is a speculative venture involving substantial risks.  Problems such as unusual and unexpected rock formations often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts.  We cannot assure you that our claims contain mineral deposits that can be extracted cost effectively.         Mineral exploration is hazardous.  We could incur liability or damages as we conduct our business due to the dangers inherent in mineral exploration.         The search for minerals is hazardous.  We could become liable for hazards such as pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure.  We have no insurance for these kinds of hazards, nor do we expect to get such insurance for the foreseeable future.  If we were to suffer from such a hazard, the costs of rectifying it could exceed our asset value and require that we liquidate our assets .          We have no known mineral reserves and if we cannot find any, we may have to cease operations.         It is unknown whether the Claims contain viable mineral reserves.  If we do not find a viable mineral reserve, or if we cannot exploit the mineral reserve, either because we do not have the money to do it or because it will not be economically feasible to do it, we may have to cease operations and you may lose your investment.  Mineral exploration is a highly speculative endeavor.  It involves many risks and is often non-productive.  Even if mineral reserves are discovered on our properties, our production capabilities will be subject to further risks and uncertainties including:           Costs of bringing the property into production including exploration work, preparation of production feasibility studies, and construction of production facilities, all of which we have not budgeted for;       Availability and costs of financing;       Ongoing costs of production; and       Environmental compliance regulations and restraints.         In the future we may be required to comply with government regulations affecting mineral exploration and exploitation, which could adversely affect our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition.              The mining business is subject to various levels of government control and regulation, which are supplemented and revised from time to time.  We cannot predict what legislation or revisions might be proposed that could affect our business or when any such proposals, if enacted, might become effective.         If we do not comply with applicable environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, we could be fined, enjoined from continuing our operations, and suffer other penalties.  Although we intend to make every attempt to comply with these laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that we will always fully comply with them.             8               We might not be able to market any minerals that we find on our mineral claims due to market factors that are beyond our control.         Even if we discover minerals that can be extracted cost-effectively, we may not be able to find a ready market for our minerals.  Many factors beyond our control affect the marketability of minerals.  These factors include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity of natural resource markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting minerals and environmental protection.  We cannot accurately predict the effect of these factors, but any combination of these factors could result in an inadequate return on invested capital.         We are not certain that we can successfully compete in the mineral exploration business.  We do not represent a significant presence in this industry.         The mineral exploration business is an extremely competitive industry.  We will be competing with many other exploration companies looking for minerals.  Due to our small size we do not represent a significant presence in the mineral exploration business.  Being a junior mineral exploration company, we compete with other similar companies for financing and joint venture partners, and for resources such as professional geologists, camp staff, helicopters and mineral exploration contractors and supplies.  We may not have the means to compete successfully for these resources.              Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds            On October 4, 2016, pursuant to our asset purchase agreement with Gold Exploration Management Inc. ( GEM ), we issued 30,000,000 shares of our Common Stock to GEM. The shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, ( Securities Act ), and Regulation D, as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act.       On November 11, 2016, pursuant to the debt settlement agreements with Mr. Evan Tozer, and Mr. Robert Fedun, dated for reference October 8, 2016, we issued Mr. Tozer, and Mr. Fedun 51,290 and 456,419 common shares of the Company, respectively. The shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). Mr. Tozer, and Mr. Fedun represented that they were not residents of the United States and were otherwise not  U.S. Persons  as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act.          Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities        None.             Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures        Not applicable.             Item 5. Other Information        None.                                    9                   Item 6. Exhibits         All Exhibits required to be filed with the Form 10-Q are included in this Quarterly Report or incorporated by reference to Horizon Mineral s previous filings with the SEC, which can be found in their entirety at the SEC website at www.sec.gov under SEC File Number 333-176798.                      Exhibit     Number       Name and/or Identification of Exhibit                          3      Articles of Incorporation   By-Laws     a.  Articles of Incorporation (1)     b.  Bylaws (1)                         10.1      Letter Agreement dated March 15, 2014, among Horizon Minerals Corp. and Boomchat Inc.(2)                         10.2      Share Purchase Agreement dated for reference April 6, 2015 among the Company, Dan Clayton, Boomchat Inc. and Robert Fedun (3)                         10.3      Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Gold Exploration Management Inc. and Horizon Minerals Corp. dated October 4, 2016(5)                         10.4      Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Evan Tozer and Horizon Minerals Corp. dated October 8, 2016.                         10.5      Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Robert Fedun and Horizon Minerals Corp. dated October 8, 2016.                         31      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification                         32      Certification under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)                         99.1      Audit Committee Charter (4)                         101      Interactive Data File                (INS) XBRL Instance Document               (SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                (CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document               (DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document                (LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document               (PRE) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document             (1)   Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, previously filed with the SEC on September 13, 2011.   (2)   Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K, previously filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014.   (3)   Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K, previously filed with the SEC on April 13, 2015.   (4)   Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, previously filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016.   (5)   Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K, previously filed with the SEC on October 12, 2016.                            10                SIGNATURES        Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                        HORIZON MINERALS CORP.           (Registrant)                    Signature        Title        Date                                    /s/ Robert Fedun     Robert Fedun      President   (Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)      November 14, 2016                                                                                                                                                       11       

<EX-10.4>
 2
 hznm_ex104.htm
 DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

ex-10.4        THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND ARE PROPOSED TO BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UPON ANY SALE, SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.              DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT         THIS AGREEMENT  is made effective as of the 8 th  day of October, 2016.        BETWEEN:      EVAN TOZER  , an individual with an address at   10282 Monte Bella Rd.   Lake Country, BC V4V 1K7       (the "Creditor")    OF THE FIRST PART         AND:       HORIZON MINERALS CORP.  , a Delaware corporation with a corporate office at 9101 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 105 - 197, Las Vegas, Nevada  89117       (the  Company")    OF THE SECOND PART         WHEREAS:        A.   As of the date of this Agreement, the Company was indebted to the Creditor in the amount of $10,258.08 consisting of the principal amount of $10,000 and interest accrued thereon of $258.08; and       B.   The Creditor and the Company have agreed to settle the Indebtedness by issuance to the Creditor of  common shares of the Company at a price of $0.20 per share on the terms and conditions set out herein,        THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:         1.     DEFINITIONS        1.1   The following terms will have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement.       (a)   "Agreement" means this Debt Settlement Agreement, and all schedules and amendments to in the Agreement;       (b)   "Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;       (c)    Indebtedness  means the indebtedness of the Company to the Creditor in the amount of $10,258.08;       (d)    MI 51-105  means Multilateral Instrument 51-105 -  Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets  of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended;       (e)    NI 45-106  means National Instrument 45-106 -  Prospectus and Registration Exemptions  of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended;       (f)    Offered Securities  means the Shares;              (g)   "Offering" means the offering of the Offered Securities being made by the Company pursuant to this Agreement;       (h)    Purchase Price  means the purchase price payable by the Creditor to the Company in consideration for the purchase and sale of the Shares in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement;       (i)   "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;       (j)   "Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended;        (k)   "Shares" means common shares of the Company.       1.2   All dollar amounts referred to in this agreement are in United States funds, unless expressly stated otherwise.        2.     PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES        2.1   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Creditor hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company 51,290 Shares at a price equal to $0.20 per Share (the  Purchase Price ).  Upon execution, the subscription by the Creditor for the Shares will be irrevocable.       2.2   Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company s obligation to issue Shares to the Creditor under the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Offering and the sale of the Shares to the Creditor complying with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Creditor is resident.  The Creditor agrees to deliver to the Company all other documentation, agreements, representations and requisite government forms required by the lawyers for the Company as required to comply with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Creditor.       2.3   The Creditor hereby authorizes and directs the Company to deliver the securities to be issued to such Creditor pursuant to this Agreement to the Creditor s address indicated on the first page of this Agreement.        3.     SETTLEMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS        3.1   The Company and the Creditor agree to offset the full amount of the Purchase Price against the full amount of the Indebtedness.         3.2   Forthwith upon the execution of this Agreement by the Creditor and the Company, the Company agrees to deliver to the Creditor a share certificate representing the Shares issuable under this Agreement.       3.3   Upon the delivery by the Company of the share certificate representing the Shares issuable under this Agreement, the Creditor agrees to remise, release and forever discharge the Company and its respective directors, officers, servants and agents (collectively the  Releasees ) from any and all debts, obligations, claims, demands, dues, actions and causes of action whatsoever, at law or in equity, and whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected which the Creditor has or may in the future have against the Releasees or any of them with respect to any matter relating to the Indebtedness, whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise.        4.     U.S. RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENTS OF THE CREDITOR        4.1   The Creditor represents and warrants to the Company that the Creditor is not a  U.S. Person  as defined by Regulation S of the Securities Act and is not acquiring the Shares for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person.  A copy of the definition of a US Person as set out in Regulation S is attached as Schedule A to this Agreement.       4.2   The Creditor acknowledges, represents and warrants to the Company that the Creditor was not in the United States both at the time the offer to purchase the Shares was received and at the time the Creditor s decision to purchase the Shares was made.         2             4.3   The Creditor acknowledges that the Shares are  restricted securities  within the meaning of the Securities Act and will be issued to the Creditor in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.       4.4   The Creditor agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Shares unless in compliance with the Securities Act.       4.5   The Creditor agrees to resell the Shares only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws.  The Creditor further agrees that the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws.         4.6   The Creditor acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Shares will be endorsed with restrictive legends substantially similar to the following in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and MI 51-105:          THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.   SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.            THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITY IN OR FROM A JURISDICTION IN CANADA UNLESS THE CONDITIONS IN SECTION 13 OF MULTILATERAL INSTRUMENT 51-105 ISSUERS QUOTED IN THE U.S. OVER-THE-COUNTER MARKETS ARE MET.           5.     ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS, COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDITOR        The Creditor agrees, covenants, represents and warrants with and to the Company as follows, and acknowledges that the Company is relying upon such agreements, covenants, representations and warranties in connection with the sale of the Shares to such Creditor:       5.1   The Creditor is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in NI 45-106 and the Creditor has completed, signed, and delivered with this Agreement, a copy of the Canadian Accredited Investor Certificate and Risk Acknowledgement Form attached as Schedules A and B to this Agreement.       5.2   The Creditor acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company is an  OTC reporting issuer  as that term is defined in MI 51-105, (ii) the Offered Securities may not be traded in or from a jurisdiction in Canada unless the following conditions have been met, (iii) the Creditor will comply with such conditions in making any trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and (iv) the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Offered Securities made in connection with a trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and not made in accordance with the provisions of MI 51-105:       (a)   A four month period has passed from the later of (i) the date that the Company distributed the Offered Securities, and (ii) the date the Offered Securities were distributed by a control person of the Company;            3             (b)   If the person trading the Offered Securities is a control person of the Company, such person has held the Offered Securities for at least 6 months;       (c)   The number of Offered Securities that the person proposes to trade, plus the number of securities of the same class that such person has traded in the preceding 12 months, does not exceed 5% of the Company s outstanding securities of the same class;       (d)   The trade is made through an investment dealer registered in a jurisdiction in Canada;       (e)   The investment dealer executes the trade through any of the over-the-counter markets in the United States;       (f)   There has been no unusual effort made to prepare the market or create a demand for the Offered Securities;       (g)   No extraordinary commission or other consideration is paid to a person for the trade;       (h)   If the person trading the Offered Securities is an insider of the Company, the person reasonably believes that the Company is not in default of securities legislation; and       (i)   All certificates representing the Offered Securities bear the Canadian restrictive legend set out in Section 13(1) of MI 51-105.       5.3   The Creditor represents and warrants that it is a resident of the jurisdiction specified in the Creditor s address as set out in the first page to this Agreement and that it does not presently intend to trade any of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada.  If the Creditor does, in the future, intend to trade the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada, it will, in addition to complying with the provisions of Section 4.2, re-submit all certificates representing the Offered Securities to the Company for purposes of having the legend set out in Section 13(1) of MI 51-105 endorsed on such certificates.       5.4   The Creditor acknowledges that an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and involves a high degree of risk as the Company is in the early stages of developing its business, and may require substantial funds in addition to the proceeds of this private placement, and that only creditors who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company.  The Creditor is an investor in securities of businesses in the development stage and acknowledges that the Creditor is able to fend for himself/herself/itself, can bear the economic risk of the Creditor's investment, and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters such that the Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company s securities as contemplated in this Agreement.         5.5   If the Creditor is not an individual, was not organized for the purpose of acquiring the Offered Securities.       5.6   The Creditor has had full opportunity to review the Company s periodic filings with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Company s filings on the Canadian System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR), including, but not limited to, the Company s annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and additional information regarding the business and financial condition of the Company.  The Creditor has had full opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding this information, and to review and discuss this information with the Creditor's legal and financial advisors.  The Creditor believes he/she/it has received all the information he/she/it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Shares and that the Creditor has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the Creditor s legal and financial advisors prior to executing this Agreement.       5.7   The Creditor acknowledges that the offering of the Offered Securities by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC or any other securities commission or regulatory body, and that the Offered Securities are being issued by the Company pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and an exemption from the prospectus requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws.                4             5.8   The Creditor understands that the Offered Securities will be characterized as "restricted securities" under the Securities Act as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. The Creditor represents that the Creditor is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.       5.9   The Offered Securities will be acquired by the Creditor for investment for the Creditor's own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Creditor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.  The Creditor does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Offered Securities.       5.10   The Creditor is not aware of any advertisement or general solicitation regarding the offer or sale of the Company s securities.       5.11   This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Creditor.       5.12   The Creditor acknowledges that this Agreement and the Schedules hereto require the Creditor to provide certain personal information to the Company.  Such information is being collected by the Company for the purposes of completing the Offering, which includes, without limitation, determining the Creditor's eligibility to purchase the Offered Securities and any other securities issuable hereunder under applicable securities laws, or preparing and registering certificates representing the Offered Securities to be issued to the Creditor, as the case may be, and completing filings required by any stock exchange or securities regulatory authority. The Creditor's personal information may be disclosed by the Company to stock exchanges or securities or other regulatory authorities, and any of the other parties involved in the Offering, including the Company s legal counsel, and may be included in record books in connection with the Offering. By executing this Agreement, the Creditor is deemed to be consenting to the foregoing collection, use and disclosure of the Creditor's personal information. The Creditor also consents to the filing of copies or originals of any of the Creditor's documents described herein as may be required to be filed with any stock exchange or securities or other regulatory authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.        5.13   The Creditor has satisfied himself/herself/itself as to the full observance of the laws of the Creditor's jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Offered Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within the Creditor's jurisdiction for the purchase of the Offered Securities; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to an investment in the Offered Securities; and (v) any restrictions on transfer applicable to any disposition of the Offered Securities imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Creditor is resident.        6.     REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY        6.1   The Company represents and warrants to the Creditor that:       (a)   The Company is a corporation duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes to conduct.       (b)   The Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable common shares in the capital of the Company.        7.     MISCELLANEOUS        7.1   Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Company, at its office at C/O Suite 820, 1130 West Pender Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6E 4A4, and to the Creditor at his address indicated on the first page of this Agreement. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date of mailing, except notices of change of address, which shall be deemed to have been given when received.        5             7.2   The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.       7.3   The Creditor agrees that the representations, warranties and covenants of the Creditor herein will be true and correct both as of the execution of this Agreement and as of the date of this Agreement will survive the closing of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.  The representations, warranties and covenants of the Creditor herein are made with the intent that they be relied upon by the Company in determining the eligibility of a purchaser of Offered Securities and the Creditor agrees to indemnify the Company and its respective trustees, affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, advisors and agents against all losses, claims, costs, expenses and damages or liabilities which any of them may suffer or incur which are caused or arise from a breach thereof.  The Creditor undertakes to immediately notify the Company at the address set out above of any change in any statement or other information relating to the Creditor set forth herein.       7.4   Time shall be of the essence hereof.       7.5   This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no representations, covenants or other agreements relating to the subject matter hereof except as stated or referred to herein.        7.6   The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Creditor and the Company and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided that, except for the assignment by a Creditor who is acting as nominee or agent to the beneficial owner and as otherwise herein provided, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party without prior written consent of the other parties.        7.7   The Creditor, on his own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he is contracting hereunder, agrees that this subscription is made for valuable consideration and may not be withdrawn, cancelled, terminated or revoked by the Creditor, on his own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he is contracting hereunder.        7.8   Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought.       7.9   The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof.       7.10   The headings used in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof.        7.11   Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the province of British Columbia.       7.12   This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.                                        6              IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first written above.                       /s/ Evan Tozer                         EVAN TOZER                                                                                                 HORIZON MINERALS CORP.                        by its authorized signatory:                                                                        /s/ Robert Fedun                        Name: Robert Fedun                       Title: CEO and President                                                                                                                                                                     7          SCHEDULE A         ACCREDITED INVESTOR CERTIFICATE        The Creditor represents and warrants to  Horizon Minerals Corp.  (the  Company ) that the Creditor has read the following definition of an  accredited investor  from National Instrument 45-106 -  Prospectus and Registration Exemptions  and certifies that the Creditor is an accredited investor by virtue of falling into one or more of the categories below (please initial the appropriate box below):                       Initials                        __      (a)       except in Ontario, a Canadian financial institution, or a Schedule III bank,             __      (b)      except in Ontario, the Business Development Bank of Canada incorporated under the Business Development Bank of Canada Act (Canada),             __      (c)       except in Ontario, a subsidiary of any person referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b), if the person owns all of the voting securities of the subsidiary, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by directors of that subsidiary,             __      (d)       except in Ontario, a person registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada as an adviser or dealer,             __      (e)       an individual registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada as a representative of a person referred to in paragraph (d),              __      (e.1)       an individual formerly registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada, other than an individual formerly registered solely as a representative of a limited market dealer under one or both of the Securities Act (Ontario) or the Securities Act (Newfoundland and Labrador),              __      (f)       except in Ontario, the Government of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada, or any crown corporation, agency or wholly owned entity of the Government of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada,              __      (g)       except in Ontario, a municipality, public board or commission in Canada and a metropolitan community, school board, the Comit  de gestion de la taxe scolaire de l  le de Montr al or an intermunicipal management board in Qu bec,              __      (h)       except in Ontario, any national, federal, state, provincial, territorial or municipal government of or in any foreign jurisdiction, or any agency of that government,              __      (i)       except in Ontario, a pension fund that is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada), a pension commission or similar regulatory authority of a jurisdiction of Canada,             __      (j)       an individual who, either alone or with a spouse, beneficially owns financial assets having an aggregate realizable value that, before taxes but net of any related liabilities, exceeds CAD$1,000,000,               __      (j.1)       an individual who beneficially owns financial assets having an aggregate realizable value that, before taxes but net of any related liabilities, exceeds CAD$5,000,000,             __      (k)       an individual whose net income before taxes exceeded CAD$200,000 in each of the two most recent calendar years or whose net income before taxes combined with that of a spouse exceeded CAD$300,000 in each of the two most recent calendar years and who, in either case, reasonably expects to exceed that net income level in the current calendar year,              __      (l)      an individual who, either alone or with a spouse, has net assets of at least CAD$5,000,000,                8                            __      (m)       a person, other than an individual or investment fund, that has net assets of at least CAD$5,000,000 as shown on its most recently prepared financial statements,              __      (n)       an investment fund that distributes or has distributed its securities only to:     (i)   a person that is or was an accredited investor at the time of the distribution,     (ii)  a person that acquires or acquired securities in the circumstances referred to in NI 45-106 sections 2.10 [Minimum amount investment], or 2.19 [Additional investment in investment funds], or     (iii) a person described in paragraph (i) or (ii) that acquires or acquired securities under NI 45-106 section 2.18 [Investment fund reinvestment],             __      (o)       an investment fund that distributes or has distributed securities under a prospectus in a jurisdiction of Canada for which the regulator or, in Qu bec, the securities regulatory authority, has issued a receipt,              __      (p)       a trust company or trust corporation registered or authorized to carry on business under the Trust and Loan Companies Act (Canada) or under comparable legislation in a jurisdiction of Canada or a foreign jurisdiction, acting on behalf of a fully managed account managed by the trust company or trust corporation, as the case may be,              __      (q)       a person acting on behalf of a fully managed account managed by that person, if that person is registered or authorized to carry on business as an adviser or the equivalent under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada or a foreign jurisdiction,              __      (r)       a registered charity under the Income Tax Act (Canada) that, in regard to the trade, has obtained advice from an eligibility adviser or an adviser registered under the securities legislation of the jurisdiction of the registered charity to give advice on the securities being traded,              __      (s)       an entity organized in a foreign jurisdiction that is analogous to any of the entities referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) or paragraph (i) in form and function,              __      (t)       a person in respect of which all of the owners of interests, direct, indirect or beneficial, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by directors, are persons that are accredited investors,             __      (u)       an investment fund that is advised by a person registered as an adviser or a person that is exempt from registration as an adviser,              __      (v)       a person that is recognized or designated by the securities regulatory authority or, except in Ontario and Qu bec, the regulator as an accredited investor, or              __      (w)       a trust established by an accredited investor for the benefit of the accredited investor s family members of which a majority of the trustees are accredited investors and all of the beneficiaries are the accredited investor s spouse, a former spouse of the accredited investor or a parent, grandparent, brother, sister, child or grandchild of that accredited investor, of that accredited investor s spouse or of that accredited investor s former spouse;               Persons described in paragraphs (j), (k) or (l) above must complete Schedule  B  - Risk Acknowledgement Form.        The representations and warranties made in this certificate are true and accurate as of the date of this certificate and will be true and accurate as of the date of closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  If any such representations and warranties becomes untrue or inaccurate prior to the closing, the undersigned Creditor will give the Company immediate written notice.                9             The Creditor acknowledges that the Company will be relying on this certificate in connection with the Agreement.  The statements made in this certificate are true.       Dated _________________________, 20____.                    Signature of Creditor:                    Name of Creditor:                    Name and Title of Authorized Signatory of Creditor (if Corporate Creditor):                                                                                                                                                                                                              10          SCHEDULE B          RISK ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM          Form 45-106F9        Form for Individual Accredited Investors                     WARNING!     This investment is risky. Don t invest unless you can afford to lose all the money you pay for this investment.                           SECTION 1 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE ISSUER OR SELLING SECURITY HOLDER           1. About your investment          Type of securities:  Shares        Issuer:          Horizon Minerals Corp.           Purchased from:  [Instruction: Indicate whether securities are purchased from the issuer or a selling security holder.]            SECTIONS 2 TO 4 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE PURCHASER           2. Risk acknowledgement              This investment is risky. Initial that you understand that:       Your initials           Risk of loss -  You could lose your entire investment of $___________ . [ Instruction: Insert the total dollar amount of the investment.]                  Liquidity risk -  You may not be able to sell your investment quickly - or at all.                   Lack of information -  You may receive little or no information about your investment.                  Lack of advice -  You will not receive advice from the salesperson about whether this investment is suitable for you unless the salesperson is registered. The salesperson is the person who meets with, or provides information to, you about making this investment. To check whether the salesperson is registered, go to   www.aretheyregistered.ca.                  3. Accredited investor status          You must meet at least  one  of the following criteria to be able to make this investment. Initial the statement that applies to you. (You may initial more than one statement.) The person identified in section 6 is responsible for ensuring that you meet the definition of accredited investor. That person, or the salesperson identified in section 5, can help you if you have questions about whether you meet these criteria.        Your initials              Your net income before taxes was more than $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent calendar years, and you expect it to be more than $200,000 in the current calendar year. (You can find your net income before taxes on your personal income tax return.)                    Your net income before taxes combined with your spouse   s was more than $300,000 in each of the 2 most recent calendar years, and you expect your combined net income before taxes to be more than $300,000 in the current calendar year.                      11                                  Either alone or with your spouse, you own more than $1 million in cash and securities, after subtracting any debt related to the cash and securities.                    Either alone or with your spouse, you have net assets worth more than $5 million.   (Your net assets are your total assets (including real estate) minus your total debt. )                  4. Your name and signature          By signing this form, you confirm that you have read this form and you understand the risks of making this investment as identified in this form.          First and last name   (please print) :          Signature:       Date:          SECTION 5 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE SALESPERSON           5. Salesperson information            [Instruction: The salesperson is the person who meets with, or provides information to, the purchaser with respect to making this investment. That could include a representative of the issuer or selling security holder, a registrant or a person who is exempt from the registration requirement.]          First and last name of salesperson (please print):         Telephone:       Email:         Name of firm (if registered):          SECTION 6 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE ISSUER OR SELLING SECURITY HOLDER           6. For more information about this investment          For investment in a non-investment fund        Horizon Minerals Corp.    C/O 820 - 1130 West Pender Street Vancouver, BC V6E 4A4   Attention: Robert Fedun, CEO       For more information about prospectus exemptions, contact your local securities regulator. You can find contact information at www.securities-administrators.ca                 Form instructions   :          1.     This form does not mandate the use of a specific font size or style but the font must be legible.           2.     The information in sections 1, 5 and 6 must be completed before the purchaser completes and signs the form.            3.     The purchaser must sign this form. Each of the purchaser and the issuer or selling security holder must receive a copy of this form signed by the purchaser. The issuer or selling security holder is required to keep a copy of this form for 8 years after the distribution.              12       

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 hznm_ex105.htm
 DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

ex-10.5        THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND ARE PROPOSED TO BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UPON ANY SALE, SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.              DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT         THIS AGREEMENT  is made effective as of the 8 th  day of October, 2016.        BETWEEN:      ROBERT FEDUN  , an individual with an address at   Site 1, Box 2   RR 2   Thorsby, Alberta TOC 2P0       (the "Creditor")    OF THE FIRST PART         AND:       HORIZON MINERALS CORP.  , a Delaware corporation with a corporate office at 9101 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 105   197, Las Vegas, Nevada  89117       (the  Company")    OF THE SECOND PART         WHEREAS:        A.   As of the date of this Agreement, the Company was indebted to the Creditor in the amount of $91,283.77; and       B.   The Creditor and the Company have agreed to settle the Indebtedness by issuance to the Creditor of  common shares of the Company at a price of $0.20 per share on the terms and conditions set out herein,        THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:         1.     DEFINITIONS        1.1   The following terms will have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement.       (a)   "Agreement" means this Debt Settlement Agreement, and all schedules and amendments to in the Agreement;       (b)   "Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;       (c)    Indebtedness  means the indebtedness of the Company to the Creditor in the amount of $91,283.77;       (d)    MI 51-105  means Multilateral Instrument 51-105    Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets  of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended;       (e)    NI 45-106  means National Instrument 45-106    Prospectus and Registration Exemptions  of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended;              (f)    Offered Securities  means the Shares;       (g)   "Offering" means the offering of the Offered Securities being made by the Company pursuant to this Agreement;       (h)    Purchase Price  means the purchase price payable by the Creditor to the Company in consideration for the purchase and sale of the Shares in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement;       (i)   "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;       (j)   "Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended;        (k)   "Shares" means common shares of the Company.       1.2   All dollar amounts referred to in this agreement are in United States funds, unless expressly stated otherwise.        2.     PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES        2.1   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Creditor hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company 456,419 Shares at a price equal to $0.20 per Share (the  Purchase Price ).  Upon execution, the subscription by the Creditor for the Shares will be irrevocable.       2.2   Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company s obligation to issue Shares to the Creditor under the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Offering and the sale of the Shares to the Creditor complying with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Creditor is resident.  The Creditor agrees to deliver to the Company all other documentation, agreements, representations and requisite government forms required by the lawyers for the Company as required to comply with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Creditor.       2.3   The Creditor hereby authorizes and directs the Company to deliver the securities to be issued to such Creditor pursuant to this Agreement to the Creditor s address indicated on the first page of this Agreement.        3.     SETTLEMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS        3.1   The Company and the Creditor agree to offset the full amount of the Purchase Price against the full amount of the Indebtedness.         3.2   Forthwith upon the execution of this Agreement by the Creditor and the Company, the Company agrees to deliver to the Creditor a share certificate representing the Shares issuable under this Agreement.       3.3   Upon the delivery by the Company of the share certificate representing the Shares issuable under this Agreement, the Creditor agrees to remise, release and forever discharge the Company and its respective directors, officers, servants and agents (collectively the  Releasees ) from any and all debts, obligations, claims, demands, dues, actions and causes of action whatsoever, at law or in equity, and whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected which the Creditor has or may in the future have against the Releasees or any of them with respect to any matter relating to the Indebtedness, whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise.        4.     U.S. RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENTS OF THE CREDITOR        4.1   The Creditor represents and warrants to the Company that the Creditor is not a  U.S. Person  as defined by Regulation S of the Securities Act and is not acquiring the Shares for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person.  A copy of the definition of a US Person as set out in Regulation S is attached as Schedule A to this Agreement.            2             4.2   The Creditor acknowledges, represents and warrants to the Company that the Creditor was not in the United States both at the time the offer to purchase the Shares was received and at the time the Creditor s decision to purchase the Shares was made.        4.3   The Creditor acknowledges that the Shares are  restricted securities  within the meaning of the Securities Act and will be issued to the Creditor in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.       4.4   The Creditor agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Shares unless in compliance with the Securities Act.       4.5   The Creditor agrees to resell the Shares only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws.  The Creditor further agrees that the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws.         4.6   The Creditor acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Shares will be endorsed with restrictive legends substantially similar to the following in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and MI 51-105:          THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.   SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.            THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITY IN OR FROM A JURISDICTION IN CANADA UNLESS THE CONDITIONS IN SECTION 13 OF MULTILATERAL INSTRUMENT 51-105 ISSUERS QUOTED IN THE U.S. OVER-THE-COUNTER MARKETS ARE MET.           5.     ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS, COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDITOR        The Creditor agrees, covenants, represents and warrants with and to the Company as follows, and acknowledges that the Company is relying upon such agreements, covenants, representations and warranties in connection with the sale of the Shares to such Creditor:       5.1   The Creditor is related to the Company, as defined under NI 45-106, by virtue of him being the Company s director and officer, and the Creditor has completed, signed, and delivered with this Agreement, a copy of the Canadian Confirmation Of Relationship Certificate attached as Schedules A to this Agreement.       5.2   The Creditor acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company is an  OTC reporting issuer  as that term is defined in MI 51-105, (ii) the Offered Securities may not be traded in or from a jurisdiction in Canada unless the following conditions have been met, (iii) the Creditor will comply with such conditions in making any trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and (iv) the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Offered Securities made in connection with a trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and not made in accordance with the provisions of MI 51-105:        3             (a)   A four month period has passed from the later of (i) the date that the Company distributed the Offered Securities, and (ii) the date the Offered Securities were distributed by a control person of the Company;       (b)   If the person trading the Offered Securities is a control person of the Company, such person has held the Offered Securities for at least 6 months;       (c)   The number of Offered Securities that the person proposes to trade, plus the number of securities of the same class that such person has traded in the preceding 12 months, does not exceed 5% of the Company s outstanding securities of the same class;       (d)   The trade is made through an investment dealer registered in a jurisdiction in Canada;       (e)   The investment dealer executes the trade through any of the over-the-counter markets in the United States;       (f)   There has been no unusual effort made to prepare the market or create a demand for the Offered Securities;       (g)   No extraordinary commission or other consideration is paid to a person for the trade;       (h)   If the person trading the Offered Securities is an insider of the Company, the person reasonably believes that the Company is not in default of securities legislation; and       (i)   All certificates representing the Offered Securities bear the Canadian restrictive legend set out in Section 13(1) of MI 51-105.       5.3   The Creditor represents and warrants that it is a resident of the jurisdiction specified in the Creditor s address as set out in the first page to this Agreement and that it does not presently intend to trade any of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada.  If the Creditor does, in the future, intend to trade the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada, it will, in addition to complying with the provisions of Section 4.2, re-submit all certificates representing the Offered Securities to the Company for purposes of having the legend set out in Section 13(1) of MI 51-105 endorsed on such certificates.       5.4   The Creditor acknowledges that an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and involves a high degree of risk as the Company is in the early stages of developing its business, and may require substantial funds in addition to the proceeds of this private placement, and that only creditors who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company.  The Creditor is an investor in securities of businesses in the development stage and acknowledges that the Creditor is able to fend for himself/herself/itself, can bear the economic risk of the Creditor's investment, and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters such that the Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company s securities as contemplated in this Agreement.         5.5   If the Creditor is not an individual, was not organized for the purpose of acquiring the Offered Securities.       5.6   The Creditor has had full opportunity to review the Company s periodic filings with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Company s filings on the Canadian System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR), including, but not limited to, the Company s annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and additional information regarding the business and financial condition of the Company.  The Creditor has had full opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding this information, and to review and discuss this information with the Creditor's legal and financial advisors.  The Creditor believes he/she/it has received all the information he/she/it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Shares and that the Creditor has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the Creditor s legal and financial advisors prior to executing this Agreement.       5.7   The Creditor acknowledges that the offering of the Offered Securities by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC or any other securities commission or regulatory body, and that the Offered Securities are being issued by the Company pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and an exemption from the prospectus requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws.        4             5.8   The Creditor understands that the Offered Securities will be characterized as "restricted securities" under the Securities Act as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. The Creditor represents that the Creditor is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.       5.9   The Offered Securities will be acquired by the Creditor for investment for the Creditor's own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Creditor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.  The Creditor does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Offered Securities.       5.10   The Creditor is not aware of any advertisement or general solicitation regarding the offer or sale of the Company s securities.       5.11   This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Creditor.       5.12   The Creditor acknowledges that this Agreement and the Schedules hereto require the Creditor to provide certain personal information to the Company.  Such information is being collected by the Company for the purposes of completing the Offering, which includes, without limitation, determining the Creditor's eligibility to purchase the Offered Securities and any other securities issuable hereunder under applicable securities laws, or preparing and registering certificates representing the Offered Securities to be issued to the Creditor, as the case may be, and completing filings required by any stock exchange or securities regulatory authority. The Creditor's personal information may be disclosed by the Company to stock exchanges or securities or other regulatory authorities, and any of the other parties involved in the Offering, including the Company s legal counsel, and may be included in record books in connection with the Offering. By executing this Agreement, the Creditor is deemed to be consenting to the foregoing collection, use and disclosure of the Creditor's personal information. The Creditor also consents to the filing of copies or originals of any of the Creditor's documents described herein as may be required to be filed with any stock exchange or securities or other regulatory authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.        5.13   The Creditor has satisfied himself/herself/itself as to the full observance of the laws of the Creditor's jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Offered Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within the Creditor's jurisdiction for the purchase of the Offered Securities; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to an investment in the Offered Securities; and (v) any restrictions on transfer applicable to any disposition of the Offered Securities imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Creditor is resident.        6.     REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY        6.1   The Company represents and warrants to the Creditor that:       (a)   The Company is a corporation duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes to conduct.       (b)   The Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable common shares in the capital of the Company.        7.     MISCELLANEOUS        7.1   Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Company, at its office at C/O Suite 820, 1130 West Pender Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6E 4A4, and to the Creditor at his address indicated on the first page of this Agreement. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date of mailing, except notices of change of address, which shall be deemed to have been given when received.        5             7.2   The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.       7.3   The Creditor agrees that the representations, warranties and covenants of the Creditor herein will be true and correct both as of the execution of this Agreement and as of the date of this Agreement will survive the closing of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.  The representations, warranties and covenants of the Creditor herein are made with the intent that they be relied upon by the Company in determining the eligibility of a purchaser of Offered Securities and the Creditor agrees to indemnify the Company and its respective trustees, affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, advisors and agents against all losses, claims, costs, expenses and damages or liabilities which any of them may suffer or incur which are caused or arise from a breach thereof.  The Creditor undertakes to immediately notify the Company at the address set out above of any change in any statement or other information relating to the Creditor set forth herein.       7.4   Time shall be of the essence hereof.       7.5   This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no representations, covenants or other agreements relating to the subject matter hereof except as stated or referred to herein.        7.6   The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Creditor and the Company and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided that, except for the assignment by a Creditor who is acting as nominee or agent to the beneficial owner and as otherwise herein provided, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party without prior written consent of the other parties.        7.7   The Creditor, on his own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he is contracting hereunder, agrees that this subscription is made for valuable consideration and may not be withdrawn, cancelled, terminated or revoked by the Creditor, on his own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he is contracting hereunder.        7.8   Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought.       7.9   The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof.       7.10   The headings used in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof.        7.11   Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the province of British Columbia.       7.12   This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.                                6              IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first written above.                       /s/ Robert Fedun                         ROBERT FEDUN                                                                                                 HORIZON MINERALS CORP.                        by its authorized signatory:                                                                        /s/ Robert Fedun                        Name: Robert Fedun                       Title: President, Director                                                                                                                                                                                             7                SCHEDULE A         Canadian Confirmation Of Relationship Certificate - except Ontario Residents         (For Subscribers that are NOT Canadian accredited investors but ARE a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company or a close personal friend, close business associate, spouse, parent, grandparent, sibling or child (or a parent, grandparent, sibling or child of a spouse) of a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company and are not a resident of Ontario and Saskatchewan)        The Subscriber represents and warrants to  HORIZON MINERALS CORP.  (the  Company ) that the Subscriber has read the following definitions from National Instrument 45-106  Prospectus and Registration Exemptions  and certifies that the Subscriber has the relationship(s) to the Company or its directors, executive officers, control persons or founders by virtue of the Subscriber falling into one or more of the categories below (please initial the appropriate box below):                      __      (a)      a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company.             __      (b)      a spouse, parent, grandparent, brother, sister or child of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company.             __      (c)      a parent, grandparent, brother, sister or child of the spouse of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company.             __      (d)      a close personal friend of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company.             __      (e)      a close business associate of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company.             __      (f)      a person or company of which a majority of the voting securities are beneficially owned by or a majority of the directors are persons or companies described in subparagraphs (a) to (e) above.             __      (g)      a trust or estate of which all of the beneficiaries or a majority of the trustees are persons or companies described in subparagraphs (a) to (e) above.          For the purposes of this certificate:       (A)     close business associate   means an individual who has had sufficient prior business dealings with the director, senior officer, founder or control person to be in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person.       A casual business associate or a person introduced or solicited for the purpose of purchasing securities  is not  a close business associate.       An individual  is not  a close business associate solely because the individual is a client, customer, or former client or customer. For example, an individual is not a close business associate of a registrant or former registrant solely because the individual is a client or former client of that registrant or former registrant.       The relationship between the Subscriber and the director, senior officer, founder or control person must be direct. For example, the exemption is not available for a close business associate of a close business associate of a director, senior officer, founder or control person.           8             (B)     close personal friend   means an individual who has known the director, senior officer, founder or control person well enough and for a sufficient period of time to be in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person. The term close personal friend can include family members not already listed in the exemption if the family member is in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person.       An individual  is not  a close personal friend solely because the individual is a relative or a member of the same organization, association or religious group. An individual  is not  a close personal friend solely because the individual is a client, customer, or former client or customer. For example, an individual is not a close personal friend of a registrant or former registrant simply because the individual is a client or former client of that registrant or former registrant.       The relationship between the Subscriber and the director, senior officer, founder or control person must be direct. For example, the exemption is not available for a close personal friend of a close personal friend of the director, senior officer, founder or control person.       The representations and warranties made in this certificate are true and accurate as of the date of this certificate and will be true and accurate as of the date of closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  If any such representations and warranties becomes untrue or inaccurate prior to the closing, the undersigned subscriber will give the Company immediate written notice.       The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company will be relying on this certificate in connection with the Agreement.  The statements made in this certificate are true.       Dated _________________________, 2016.                    Signature of Subscriber:                    Name of Subscriber:                    Address of Subscriber:                                                                               9      

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31>
 4
 hznm_ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

ex-31        Certification pursuant to     Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934        I, Robert Fedun, certify that:     1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Horizon Minerals Corp.;     2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     a.   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     b.   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     c.   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     d.   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     5.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      a.   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b.   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       November 14, 2016          /s/ Robert Fedun       Robert Fedun   President   (Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer    and Principal Accounting Officer)       

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 hznm_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

ex-32            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO     18 U.S.C. 1350        Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) the undersigned officer of Horizon Minerals Corp. (the  Company ) does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:       (a)   The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, (the  Report ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;  and        (b)   Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.           Dated: November 14, 2016                /s/ Robert Fedun       Robert Fedun   President   (Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)                                                               

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hznm-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hznm-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hznm-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hznm-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hznm-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hznm-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

