<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1550603_0001615774-16-008895_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16321750</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346398</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>793952</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4813858</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7149239</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2859989</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>223</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008895.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161213193258
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MALVERN BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001550603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				455307782
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54835
		FILM NUMBER:		162050110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE
		CITY:			PAOLI
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-644-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE
		CITY:			PAOLI
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008895.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 s104879_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

   FORM
10-K   

 (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended: September 30, 2016 

  or  

For the transition
period from ______ to ______ 

Commission File Number: 000-54835 

MALVERN BANCORP, INC.   
 
      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Pennsylvania  
       
      45-5307782   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      Identification Number)   

42 E. Lancaster Avenue, Paoli, Pennsylvania  
       
      19301   
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (610) 644-9400 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class  
       
      Name of each exchange on which registered   
 
      Common Stock, $.01 par value per share  
       
      The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 YES      NO   x  

 Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 YES      NO   x  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES   x  NO      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  YES   x  NO      

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the Registrant s knowledge in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    YES      NO   x  

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately $92.7 million, based on the last sale
price on NASDAQ Stock Market for the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

The number of shares
of the Issuer s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding as of December 12, 2016 was 6,560,403. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement
for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Form 10-K. 

MALVERN
BANCORP, INC.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I     

Item 1.  
       Business   
      1   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      12   

Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      17   

Item 2.  
       Properties   
      17   

Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      17   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      17   

PART II     

Item 5.  
       Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      17   

Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      19   

Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      21   

Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      49   

Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      50   

Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      106   

Item 9A  
       Controls and Procedures   
      106   

Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      109   

PART III     

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      109   

Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      109   

Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters   
      109   

Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      110   

Item 14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      110   

PART IV     

Item 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      110   

Item 16.  
       Form 10-K Summary   
      111   

SIGNATURES   
      112   

Information included in or incorporated by reference
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company s press releases
or other public statements, contain or may contain forward looking statements. Please refer to a discussion of the Corporation s
forward looking statements and associated risks in   Item 1   Business   Historical Development of Business  
and   Item 1A   Risk factors   in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

i   

PART I.  

This report, in Item 1, Item 7 and
elsewhere, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. This report contains certain
forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance
and business of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including statements preceded by, followed by or that include words
or phrases such as   believes,     expects,     anticipates,  
  plans,     trend,     objective,     continue,  
  remain,     pattern   or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs
such as   will,     would,     should,     could,  
  might,     can,     may   or similar expressions. There
are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressures among depository
institutions may increase significantly; (2) changes in the interest rate environment may reduce interest margins; (3) prepayment
speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan loss provisions may vary substantially from period to period;
(4) general economic conditions may be less favorable than expected; (5) political developments, wars or other hostilities may
disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (6) legislative or regulatory changes or actions
may adversely affect the businesses in which Malvern Bancorp, Inc. is engaged; (7) changes and trends in the securities markets
may adversely impact Malvern Bancorp, Inc.; (8) a delayed or incomplete resolution of regulatory issues could adversely impact
our planning; (9) difficulties in integrating any businesses that we may acquire, which may increase our expenses and delay the
achievement of any benefits that we may expect from such acquisitions; (10) the impact of reputation risk created by the developments
discussed above on such matters as business generation and retention, funding and liquidity could be significant; and (11) the
outcome of regulatory and legal investigations and proceedings may not be anticipated. Further information on other factors that
could affect the financial results of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. are included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
Malvern Bancorp s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are available free of charge
at the Commission s website at  http://www.sec.gov  and/or from Malvern Bancorp, Inc. Malvern Bancorp, Inc. assumes
no obligation to update forward-looking statements at any time.  

Item 1. Business  

Historical Development of Business  

Malvern Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation (the  Company  or  Malvern Bancorp ), is the holding company for Malvern Federal Savings Bank
( Malvern Federal Savings  or the  Bank ) and owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of the common
stock of the Bank. In connection with the  second-step  conversion and reorganization which we completed in October
2012, 3,636,875 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Malvern Bancorp were sold in a subscription offering to
certain depositors of the Bank and other investors for $10 per share, or $36.4 million in the aggregate, and 2,921,598 shares
of common stock were issued in exchange for the outstanding shares of common stock of the former federally chartered mid-tier
holding company, Malvern Federal Bancorp, Inc. (the  Mid-Tier Holding Company ), held by the  public 
shareholders of the Mid-Tier Holding Company (all shareholders except Malvern Federal Mutual Holding Company). 

The Bank has one subsidiary, Strategic
Asset Management Group, Inc. ( SAMG ), a Pennsylvania corporation. SAMG holds a 50% ownership interest in Malvern
Insurance Associates, LLC ( Malvern Insurance ), a Pennsylvania limited liability company. Malvern Insurance is a
licensed insurance broker under Pennsylvania law. 

During September 2014, the Bank and Malvern
Bancorp dissolved two former investment subsidiaries, Malvern Federal Holdings, Inc. and Malvern Federal Investments, Inc., both
of which were Delaware corporations that held and managed certain investment securities. 

Malvern Federal Savings Bank is a federally
chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank that was originally organized in 1887. The Bank conducts business from its headquarters in
Paoli, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, as well as eight other financial centers located throughout Chester and Delaware
Counties, Pennsylvania and a Private Banking Loan Production headquarters office in Morristown, New Jersey. 

The Bank s principal business consists
of attracting deposits from businesses and the general public primarily in Chester County, Pennsylvania and investing those deposits,
together with borrowings and funds generated from operations, in one- to four-family residential real estate loans, construction
and development loans, commercial and multi-family real estate loans, commercial business loans, home equity loans and lines of
credit and other consumer loans, as well as investing in investment securities. In addition to Chester County, our lending efforts
are focused in neighboring Bucks County, Montgomery County and Delaware County, which are also in southeastern Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and the New York metropolitan marketplace. We also service client needs in the greater Philadelphia market area. Our primary
market niche is providing personalized service to our client base. 

The Bank s revenues are derived
principally from interest on loans and investment securities, loan commitment and customer service fees and our mortgage banking
operation. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowings and principal and interest payments on loans and securities,
as well as the sale of residential loans in the secondary market both with servicing retained and released. The Bank s primary
expenses are interest expense on deposits and borrowings, provisions for loan losses and general operating expenses.  

SEC Reports and Corporate Governance  

The Company makes its Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto available on its website at  www.malvernfederal.com
 without charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing them to the SEC. Also available on the website
are the Company s corporate code of ethics that applies to all of the Company s employees, including principal officers
and directors, and charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee. 

Additionally, the Company will provide
without charge, a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K to any shareholder by mail. Requests should be sent to Malvern Bancorp,
Inc., Attention: Shareholder Relations, 42 East Lancaster Avenue, Paoli, Pennsylvania, 19301 and our telephone number is (610)
644-9400. 

Market Area and Competition  

The banking business is highly competitive.
We face substantial immediate competition and potential future competition both in attracting deposits and in originating loans.
We compete with numerous commercial banks, savings banks and savings and loan associations, many of which have assets, capital
and lending limits larger than those that we have. Other competitors include money market mutual funds, mortgage bankers, insurance
companies, stock brokerage firms, regulated small loan companies, credit unions and issuers of commercial paper and other securities. 

Our larger competitors have greater financial
resources to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns. 

Additionally, we endeavor to compete for
business by providing high quality, personal service to customers, customer access to our decision-makers and competitive interest
rates and fees. We seek to hire and retain quality employees who desire greater responsibility than may be available working for
a larger employer. Additionally, the local real estate and other business activities of our Directors help us develop business
relationships by increasing our profile in our communities. 

Product and Services   

We derive substantially all of our income
from our net interest income (i.e., the difference between the interest we receive on our loans and securities and the interest
we pay on deposits and other borrowings). We offer a broad range of deposit and loan products. In addition, to attract the business
of consumer and business customers, we also provide a broad array of other banking services. Products and services provided include
personal and business checking accounts, retirement accounts, money market accounts, time and savings accounts, credit cards,
wire transfers, access to automated teller services, internet banking, ACH origination, telephone banking, and mobile banking
by phone. In addition, we offer safe deposit boxes. The Bank also offers remote deposit capture banking for business customers,
providing the ability to electronically scan and transmit checks for deposit, reducing time and cost. In addition the Bank offers
mobile remote deposit capture banking for both retail and business customers, providing the convenience to deposit on the go. 

Checking account products consist of both
retail and business demand deposit products. Retail products include free checking and, for businesses, both interest-bearing
accounts, which require a minimum balance, and non-interest bearing accounts. NOW accounts consist of both retail and business
interest-bearing transaction accounts that have minimum balance requirements. Money market accounts consist of products that provide
a market rate of interest to depositors but have limited check writing capabilities. Our savings accounts consist of statement
type accounts. Time deposits consist of certificates of deposit, including those held in IRA accounts. CDARS/ICS Reciprocal deposits
are offered based with the Bank s participation in Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC. Customers who are FDIC insurance
sensitive are able to place large dollar deposits with the Company and the Company uses CDARS to place those funds into certificates
of deposit issued by other banks in the Network. This occurs in increments of less than the FDIC insurance limits so that both
the principal and interest are eligible for complete FDIC insurance coverage. The FDIC currently considers these funds as brokered
deposits. 

The Bank, through its partnership with
Bell Rock Capital, offers through its private banking and wealth management division personalized wealth management and advisory
services to high net worth individuals and families. Services provided include liquidity management, investment services, custody,
wealth planning, trust and fiduciary services, insurance and 401k services. 

Deposits serve as the primary source of
funding for our interest-earning assets, but also generate non-interest revenue through insufficient funds fees, stop payment
fees, safe deposit rental fees, card income, including ATM fees and credit and debit card interchange, gift card fees, and other
miscellaneous fees. In addition, the Bank generates additional non-interest revenue associated with residential loan origination
and sale, loan servicing, late fees and merchant services. 

We offer personal and commercial business
loans on a secured and unsecured basis, revolving lines of credit, commercial mortgage loans, and residential mortgages on both
primary and secondary residences, home equity loans, bridge loans and other personal purpose loans. However, we are not and have
not historically been a participant in the sub-prime lending market. 

Commercial loans are loans made for business
purposes and are primarily secured by collateral such as cash balances with the Bank, marketable securities held by or under the
control of the Bank, business assets including accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, and liens on commercial and residential
real estate. 

Commercial construction loans are loans
to finance the construction of commercial or residential properties secured by first liens on such properties. Commercial real
estate loans include loans secured by first liens on completed commercial properties, including multi-family properties, to purchase
or refinance such properties. Residential mortgages include loans secured by first liens on residential real estate, and are generally
made to existing customers of the Bank to purchase or refinance primary and secondary residences. Home equity loans and lines
of credit include loans secured by first or second liens on residential real estate for primary or secondary residences. 

Consumer loans are made to individuals
who qualify for auto loans, cash reserve, credit cards and installment loans. 

The Bank s lending policies generally
provide for lending inside of our primary market area. However, the Bank will make loans to persons outside of our primary trade
area when we deem it prudent to do so. In an effort to promote a high degree of asset quality, the Bank focuses primarily upon
offering secured loans. However, the Bank does make unsecured loans to borrowers with high net worth and income profiles. The
Bank generally requires loan customers to maintain deposit accounts with the Bank. In addition, the Bank generally provides for
a minimum required rate of interest in its variable rate loans. We believe that having senior management on-site allows for an
enhanced local presence and rapid decision-making that attracts borrowers .  The Bank s legal lending limit to any
one borrower is 15% of the Banks s capital base (defined as tangible equity plus the allowance for loan losses) for most
loans ($13.6 million) and 25% of the capital base for loans secured by readily marketable collateral ($22.6 million). At September
30, 2016, the Bank s largest committed relationship totaled $10.0 million. 

Our business model includes using industry
best practices for community banks, including personalized service, state-of-the-art technology and extended hours. We believe
that this will generate deposit accounts with larger average balances than we might attract otherwise. We also use pricing techniques
in our efforts to attract banking relationships having larger than average balances. 

Supervision and Regulation   

The banking industry is highly regulated.
Earnings of the Company are affected by state and federal laws and regulations and by policies of various regulatory authorities.
Changes in applicable law or in the policies of various regulatory authorities could affect materially the business and prospects
of the Company and the Bank. The following discussion of supervision and regulation is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the statutory and regulatory provisions discussed. 

On October 7, 2014, the Bank entered into
a formal written agreement (the  Formal Agreement ) with the OCC. The Formal Agreement was terminated effective January
21, 2016. As a result of such termination, the Bank is no longer considered to be in  troubled condition.  

Dodd-Frank Act  

On July 21, 2010, Congress enacted the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ). The Dodd-Frank Act has significantly
changed the bank regulatory structure and significantly impacted the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities
of financial institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range
of new implementing rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for Congress. The federal agencies have
been given significant discretion in drafting the implementing rules and regulations, and consequently, many of the details and
future impact of the Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for many more months or years. The discussion below generally discusses the
material provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act applicable to the Company and the Bank and is not complete or meant to be an exhaustive
discussion. 

The following aspects of the Dodd-Frank
Act are related to the operations of the Bank: 

A new independent
                                         consumer financial protection bureau was established within the Federal Reserve Board,
                                         empowered to exercise broad regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority with respect
                                         to both new and existing consumer financial protection laws. Smaller financial institutions,
                                         like the Bank, are subject to the supervision and enforcement of their primary federal
                                         banking regulator with respect to the federal consumer financial protection laws.   

Tier 1 capital
                                         treatment for  hybrid  capital items like trust preferred securities was
                                         eliminated subject to various grandfathering and transition rules.   

The prohibition
                                         on payment of interest on demand deposits was repealed.   

State consumer
                                         financial law is preempted only if it would have a discriminatory effect on a federal
                                         savings association, prevents or significantly interferes with the exercise by a federal
                                         savings association of its powers or is preempted by any other federal law. The OCC must
                                         make a preemption determination on a case-by-case basis with respect to a particular
                                         state law or another state law with substantively equivalent terms.   

Deposit insurance
                                         assessment base calculation equals the depository institution s total assets minus
                                         the sum of its average tangible equity during the assessment period.   

The minimum
                                         reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund increased to 1.35 percent of estimated annual
                                         insured deposits or assessment base; however, the FDIC was directed to  offset
                                         the effect  of the increased reserve ratio for insured depository institutions
                                         with total consolidated assets of less than $10 billion.   

The following aspects of the Dodd-Frank
Act are related to the operations of the Company: 

Authority over
                                         savings and loan holding companies transferred to the Board of Governors of the Federal
                                         Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board  or the  FRB ).   

The Home Owners 
                                         Loan Act was amended to provide that leverage capital requirements and risk-based capital
                                         requirements applicable to depository institutions and bank holding companies were extended
                                         to thrift holding companies.   

The Federal
                                         Deposit Insurance Act was amended to direct federal regulators to require depository
                                         institution holding companies to serve as a source of strength for their depository institution
                                         subsidiaries.   

Public companies
                                         are required to provide their shareholders with a non-binding vote: (i) at least once
                                         every three years on the compensation paid to executive officers, and (ii) at least once
                                         every six years on whether they should have a  say on pay  vote every one,
                                         two or three years.   

A separate,
                                         non-binding shareholder vote is required regarding golden parachutes for named executive
                                         officers when a shareholder vote takes place on mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or
                                         other transactions that would trigger the parachute payments.   

Securities
                                         exchanges are required to prohibit brokers from using their own discretion to vote shares
                                         not beneficially owned by them for certain  significant  matters, which include
                                         votes on the election of directors, executive compensation matters, and any other matter
                                         determined to be significant.   

Stock exchanges,
                                         which includes the Nasdaq, will be prohibited from listing the securities of any issuer
                                         that does not have a policy providing for (i) disclosure of its policy on incentive compensation
                                         payable on the basis of financial information reportable under the securities laws, and
                                         (ii) the recovery from current or former executive officers, following an accounting
                                         restatement triggered by material noncompliance with securities law reporting requirements,
                                         of any incentive compensation paid erroneously during the three-year period preceding
                                         the date on which the restatement was required that exceeds the amount that would have
                                         been paid on the basis of the restated financial information.   

Disclosure
                                         in annual proxy materials will be required concerning the relationship between the executive
                                         compensation paid and the financial performance of the issuer.   

Item 402 of
                                         Regulation S-K has been amended to require companies to disclose the ratio of the Chief
                                         Executive Officer s annual total compensation to the median annual total compensation
                                         of all other employees. This information must be reported for the first time for the
                                         first full fiscal year beginning on or after January 1, 2017.   

Regulation of Malvern Bancorp, Inc.

Holding Company Acquisitions . Malvern
Bancorp is a savings and loan holding company under the Home Owners  Loan Act, as amended, and is subject to examination
and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Federal law generally prohibits a savings and loan holding company, without prior
FRB approval, from acquiring the ownership or control of any other savings institution or savings and loan holding company, or
all, or substantially all, of the assets or more than 5% of the voting shares of the savings institution or savings and loan holding
company. These provisions also prohibit, among other things, any director or officer of a savings and loan holding company, or
any individual who owns or controls more than 25% of the voting shares of such holding company, from acquiring control of any
savings institution not a subsidiary of such savings and loan holding company, unless the acquisition is approved by the FRB. 

The FRB may not approve any acquisition
that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings institutions in more than one state, subject
to two exceptions: (1) the approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies; and (2) the
acquisition of a savings institution in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings institution specifically
permit such acquisitions. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. 

Holding Company
Activities.  Malvern Bancorp operates as a unitary savings and loan holding company and is permitted to engage only in the
activities permitted for financial institution holding companies or for multiple savings and loan holding companies. Multiple
savings and loan holding companies are permitted to engage in the following activities: (i) activities permitted for a bank
holding company under section 4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act (unless the Federal Reserve Board prohibits or limits
such 4(c) activities); (ii) furnishing or performing management services for a subsidiary savings association; (iii) conducting
any insurance agency or escrow business; (iv) holding, managing, or liquidating assets owned by or acquired from a subsidiary
savings association; (v) holding or managing properties used or occupied by a subsidiary savings association; (vi) acting
as trustee under deeds of trust; or (vii) activities authorized by regulation as of March 5, 1987, to be engaged in
by multiple savings and loan holding companies. 

Under recently
enacted legislation, savings and loan holding companies became subject to statutory capital requirements. However, in May 2015,
amendments to the Federal Reserve Board s small bank holding company policy statement (the  SBHC Policy ) became
effective. The amendments made the SBHC Policy applicable to savings and loan holding companies such as Malvern Bancorp, and increased
the asset threshold to qualify to be subject to the provisions of the SBHC Policy from $500 million to $1 billion. Savings and
loan holding companies that have total assets of $1 billion or less are subject to the SBHC Policy and are not required to comply
with the regulatory capital requirements set forth in the table below. Such treatment continues until Malvern Bancorp s
total assets exceed $1 billion or the Federal Reserve Board deems it to no longer be a small savings and loan holding company.
However, if Malvern Bancorp had been subject to the requirements, it would have been in compliance with them as of September 30,
2016. 

Certain of the
savings and loan holding company capital requirements promulgated by the FRB in 2013 became effective as of January 1, 2015. Those
requirements establish the following four minimum capital ratios that savings and loan holding companies not subject to the SBHC
Policy must comply with as of that date: 

Capital Ratio    
     Regulatory Minimum     
 
     Common Equity Tier 1 Capital    
        4.5  %  
 
     Tier 1 Leverage Capital    
        4.0  %  
 
     Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital    
        6.0  %  
 
     Total Risk-Based Capital    
        8.0  %  

The leverage capital requirement is calculated
as a percentage of total assets and the other three capital requirements are calculated as a percentage of risk-weighted assets.
For a more detailed discussion of current capital rules, see  Regulatory Capital Requirements  under  Regulation
of Malvern Federal Savings Bank  below. 

While there are
no specific restrictions on the payment of dividends or other capital distributions for savings and loan holding companies, federal
regulations do prescribe such restrictions on subsidiary savings institutions, as described below. Malvern Federal Savings Bank
is required to notify the Federal Reserve Board 30 days before declaring any dividend. In addition, the financial impact
of a holding company on its subsidiary institution is a matter that is evaluated by the Federal Reserve Board and the agency has
authority to order cessation of activities or divestiture of subsidiaries deemed to pose a threat to the safety and soundness
of the institution. 

All savings associations
that are subsidiaries of savings and loan holding companies are required to meet a qualified thrift lender, or QTL, test to avoid
certain restrictions on their operations. If the subsidiary savings institution fails to meet the QTL, as discussed below, then
the savings and loan holding company must register with the Federal Reserve Board as a bank holding company, unless the savings
institution requalifies as a QTL within one year thereafter. 

Federal Securities Laws . Malvern
Bancorp s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Malvern Bancorp is subject to the proxy and tender offer rules, insider trading reporting requirements and restrictions,
and certain other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.   As a public company, Malvern Bancorp is subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which addresses, among other
issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate
information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer are required
to certify that our quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by
the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have several requirements, including having these officers
certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting; they have made certain disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors
about our internal control over financial reporting; and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about
their evaluation and whether there have been changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that
could materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 

Volcker Rule Regulations  

Regulations adopted
by the federal banking agencies to implement the provisions of the Dodd Frank Act commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule contain
prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of financial institution holding companies and their affiliates to engage in proprietary
trading and to hold certain interests in, or to have certain relationships with, various types of investment funds, including
hedge funds and private equity funds. The Company is in compliance with the various provisions of the Volcker Rule. 

Regulation
of Malvern Federal Savings Bank  

General.   Malvern
Federal Savings Bank is subject to the regulation of the OCC, as its primary federal regulator and the FDIC, as the insurer of
its deposit accounts, and, to a limited extent, the Federal Reserve Board. As the primary federal regulator of Malvern Federal
Savings Bank, the OCC has extensive authority over the operations of federally chartered savings institutions. As part of this
authority, Malvern Federal Savings Bank is required to file periodic reports with the OCC and is subject to periodic examinations
by the OCC and the FDIC. The investment and lending authorities of savings institutions are prescribed by federal laws and regulations,
and such institutions are prohibited from engaging in any activities not permitted by such laws and regulations. Such regulation
and supervision is primarily intended for the protection of depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund, administered by the FDIC. 

The OCC s enforcement authority
over all savings institutions includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist
or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of
laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action,
including misleading or untimely reports filed with the OCC. 

Insurance of Accounts.  The deposits
of Malvern Federal Savings Bank are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the Deposit Insurance Fund and are backed by the
full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting
by, insured institutions. It also may prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity determined by regulation
or order to pose a serious threat to the FDIC. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions against savings
institutions, after giving the OCC an opportunity to take such action. 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s
risk-based premium system provides for quarterly assessments. Each insured institution is placed in one of four risk categories
depending on supervisory and capital considerations. Within its risk category, an institution is assigned to an initial base assessment
rate which is then adjusted to determine its final assessment rate based on its brokered deposits, secured liabilities and unsecured
debt. To implement the Dodd Frank Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation amended its deposit insurance regulations (1)
to change the assessment base for insurance from domestic deposits to average assets minus average tangible equity and (2) to
lower overall assessment rates. The revised assessments rates are between 2.5 to 9 basis points for banks in the lowest risk category
and between 30 to 45 basis points for banks in the highest risk category. 

In addition, all institutions with deposits
insured by the FDIC are required to pay assessments to fund interest payments on bonds issued by the Financing Corporation, or
FICO, a mixed-ownership government corporation established to recapitalize the predecessor to the Deposit Insurance Fund. These
assessments will continue until the Financing Corporation bonds mature in 2019. 

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance
of any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged or
is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable
law, regulation, order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily
during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance
of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the institution at the time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall
continue to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined by the FDIC. Management is not aware of any existing
circumstances which could result in termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 

As noted above, the Dodd Frank Act raises
the minimum reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund from 1.15% to 1.35% and requires the FDIC to offset the effect of this
increase on insured institutions with assets of less than $10 billion (small institutions). The FDIC has adopted a rule to accomplish
this by imposing a surcharge on larger institutions commencing when the reserve ratio reaches 1.15% and ending when it reaches
1.35%. The reserve ratio reached 1.15% on June 30, 2016. Accordingly, surcharges began on July 1, 2016. Small institutions will
receive credits for the portion of their regular assessments that contributed to growth in the reserve ratio between 1.15% and
1.35%. The  credits will apply for each quarter the reserve ratio is  above 1.38%, in amounts
as determined by the FDIC .  

Regulatory Capital Requirements .
Federally insured savings institutions are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital. The OCC has established
capital standards consisting of a  tangible capital requirement,  a  leverage capital requirement  and
 a risk-based capital requirement.  The OCC also is authorized to impose capital requirements in excess of these standards
on individual institutions on a case-by-case basis. 

In July of 2013 the respective U.S. federal
banking agencies issued final rules implementing Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act capital requirements to be fully phased in on
a global basis on January 1, 2019. The new regulations establish a new tangible common equity capital requirement, increase the
minimum requirement for the current Tier 1 risk-weighted asset ( RWA ) ratio, phase out certain kinds of intangibles
treated as capital and certain types of instruments and change the risk weightings of certain assets used to determine required
capital ratios. The new common equity Tier 1 capital component requires capital of the highest quality   predominantly composed
of retained earnings and common stock instruments. For community banks such as Malvern Federal Savings Bank, a common equity Tier
1 capital ratio of 4.5% became effective on January 1, 2015. The new capital rules also increased the current minimum Tier 1 capital
ratio from 4.0% to 6.0% beginning on January 1, 2015. In addition, in order to make capital distributions and pay discretionary
bonuses to executive officers without restriction, an institution must also maintain greater than 2.5% in common equity attributable
to a capital conservation buffer to be phased in from January 1, 2016 until January 1, 2019. The new rules also increased the
risk weights for several categories of assets, including an increase from 100% to 150% for certain acquisition, development and
construction loans and more than 90-day past due exposures. The new capital rules maintain the general structure of the prompt
corrective action rules, but incorporate the new common equity Tier 1 capital requirement and the increased Tier 1 RWA requirement
into the prompt corrective action framework. 

Savings institutions such as Malvern Federal
Savings Bank are currently required to satisfy the following capital requirements: 

Tangible capital
                                         requirement    tangible  capital equal to at least 1.5% of adjusted
                                         total assets;   

Common equity
                                         Tier 1 capital requirement   generally consists of retained earnings and common
                                         stock instruments equal to at least 4.5% of  risk weighted  assets;   

Tier 1 capital
                                         requirement   equal to at least 6.0%;   

leverage capital
                                         requirement    core  capital equal to at least 3.0% of adjusted total
                                         assets for the most highly rated institutions;   

an additional
                                          cushion  of at least 100 basis points of core capital for all but the most
                                         highly rated savings associations effectively increasing their minimum Tier 1 leverage
                                         ratio to 4.0% or more; and   

risk-based capital
                                         requirement    total  capital (a combination of core and  supplementary 
                                         capital) equal to at least 8.0% of  risk-weighted  assets.   

Core capital generally consists of common
stockholders' equity (including retained earnings). Tangible capital generally equals core capital minus intangible assets, with
only a limited exception for purchased mortgage servicing rights. Malvern Federal Savings Bank had no intangible assets at September
30, 2016. Both core and tangible capital are further reduced by an amount equal to a savings institution s debt and equity
investments in subsidiaries engaged in activities not permissible to national banks (other than subsidiaries engaged in activities
undertaken as agent for customers or in mortgage banking activities and subsidiary depository institutions or their holding companies).
These adjustments do not affect Malvern Federal Savings Bank s regulatory capital. 

In determining compliance
with the risk-based capital requirement, a savings institution is allowed to include both core capital and supplementary capital
in its total capital, provided that the amount of supplementary capital included does not exceed the savings institution s
core capital. Supplementary capital generally consists of general allowances for loan losses up to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted
assets, together with certain other items. In determining the required amount of risk-based capital, total assets, including certain
off-balance sheet items, are multiplied by a risk weight based on the risks inherent in the type of assets. The risk weights range
from 0% for cash and securities issued by the U.S. Government or unconditionally backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.
Government to 100% for loans (other than qualifying residential loans weighted at 80%) and repossessed assets. 

Savings institutions must value securities
available for sale at amortized cost for regulatory capital purposes. This means that in computing regulatory capital, savings
institutions should add back any unrealized losses and deduct any unrealized gains, net of income taxes, on debt securities reported
as a separate component of GAAP capital. 

The table below sets forth Malvern Federal
Savings Bank's capital position relative to the OCC s regulatory capital requirements at September 30, 2016. Malvern Bancorp
is not subject to the regulatory capital ratios imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act on savings and loan holding companies because it
was deemed to be a small savings and loan holding company as of September 30, 2016. 

Any savings institution that fails any of the
capital requirements is subject to possible enforcement actions by the OCC or the FDIC. Such actions could include a capital directive,
a cease and desist order, civil money penalties, the establishment of restrictions on the institution s operations, termination
of federal deposit insurance and the appointment of a conservator or receiver. The OCC s capital regulation provides that
such actions, through enforcement proceedings or otherwise, could require one or more of a variety of corrective actions. 

Prompt Corrective Action . The following
table shows the amount of capital associated with the different capital categories set forth in the prompt corrective action regulations. 

Capital Category    
     Total  Risk-Based  Capital    
     Tier 1  Risk-Based  Capital    
     Common Equity  Tier 1  Capital    
     Tier 1  Leverage  Capital  
 
     Well capitalized    
     10% or more    
     8% or more    
     6.5% or more    
     5% or more  
 
     Adequately capitalized    
     8% or more    
     6% or more    
     4.5% or more    
     4% or more  
 
     Undercapitalized    
     Less than 8%    
     Less than 6%    
     Less than 4.5%    
     Less than 4%  
 
     Significantly undercapitalized    
     Less than 6%    
     Less than 4%    
     Less than 3%    
     Less than 3%  

In addition, an institution is  critically
undercapitalized  if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. Under specified
circumstances, a federal banking agency may reclassify a well capitalized institution as adequately capitalized and may require
an adequately capitalized institution or an undercapitalized institution to comply with supervisory actions as if it were in the
next lower category (except that the FDIC may not reclassify a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized). 

Capital Distributions . OCC regulations
govern capital distributions by savings institutions, which include cash dividends, stock repurchases and other transactions charged
to the capital account of a savings institution to make capital distributions. A savings institution must file an application for
OCC approval of the capital distribution if either (1) the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed
the sum of the institution s net income for that year to date plus the institution s retained net income for the preceding
two years, (2) the institution would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution, (3) the distribution would
violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or OCC-imposed condition, or (4) the institution is not eligible for expedited
treatment of its filings. If an application is not required to be filed, savings institutions which are a subsidiary of a savings
and loan holding company (as well as certain other institutions) must still file a notice with the OCC at least 30 days before
the board of directors declares a dividend or approves a capital distribution if either (1) the institution would not be well capitalized
following the distribution; (2) the proposed distribution would reduce the amount or retire any part of the institution s
common or preferred stock or (3) the savings institution is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company and the proposed
dividend is not a cash dividend. If a savings institution, such as Malvern Federal Savings Bank, that is the subsidiary of a savings
and loan holding company, has filed a notice with the Federal Reserve Board for a cash dividend and is not required to file an
application or notice with the OCC for any of the reasons described above, then the savings institution is only required to provide
an informational copy to the OCC of the notice filed with the Federal Reserve Board. 

An institution that
either before or after a proposed capital distribution fails to meet its then applicable minimum capital requirement or that has
been notified that it needs more than normal supervision may not make any capital distributions without the prior written approval
of the OCC. In addition, the OCC may prohibit a proposed capital distribution, which would otherwise be permitted by OCC regulations,
if the OCC determines that such distribution would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 

Under federal rules,
an insured depository institution may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it is already
undercapitalized. In addition, federal regulators have the authority to restrict or prohibit the payment of dividends for safety
and soundness reasons. The FDIC also prohibits an insured depository institution from paying dividends on its capital stock or
interest on its capital notes or debentures (if such interest is required to be paid only out of net profits) or distributing any
of its capital assets while it remains in default in the payment of any assessment due the FDIC. Malvern Federal Savings Bank is
currently not in default in any assessment payment to the FDIC. 

Qualified Thrift Lender Test . All savings
institutions are required to meet a qualified thrift lender, or QTL, test to avoid certain restrictions on their operations. A
savings institution can comply with the QTL test by either qualifying as a domestic building and loan association as defined in
the Internal Revenue Code or meeting the QTL test of the OCC. 

Currently, the OCC s QTL test requires
that 65% of an institution s  portfolio assets  (as defined) consist of certain housing and consumer-related
assets on a monthly average basis in nine out of every 12 months. To be a qualified thrift lender under the IRS test, the savings
institution must meet a  business operations test  and a  60 percent assets test,  each defined in the
Internal Revenue Code. 

If the savings institution fails to maintain
its QTL status, the holding company s activities are restricted. In addition, it must discontinue any non-permissible business
within three years. Nonetheless, any company that controls a savings institution that is not a qualified thrift lender must register
as a bank holding company within one year of the savings institution s failure to meet the QTL test. 

Statutory penalty provisions prohibit an institution
that fails to remain a QTL from the following: 

Making any new investments or engaging in any new activity not allowed for both a national bank and a savings association;   

Establishing any new branch office unless allowable for a national bank; and   

Paying dividends unless allowable for a national bank.   

Three years from the date a savings association
should have become or ceases to be a QTL, by failing to meet either QTL test, the institution must comply with the following restriction: 

Dispose of any investment or not engage in any activity unless the investment or activity is allowed for both a national bank
and a savings association.   

Under the Dodd-Frank Act, a savings institution
not in compliance with the QTL test is also subject to an enforcement action for violation of the Home Owners  Loan Act,
as amended. 

At September 30, 2016, Malvern Federal Savings
Bank met the requirements to be deemed a QTL. 

Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates. 
Transactions between savings associations and any affiliate are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act as
made applicable to savings associations by Section 11 of the Home Owners  Loan Act. An affiliate of a savings association
includes any company or entity which controls the savings institution or that is controlled by a company that controls the savings
association. In a holding company context, the holding company of a savings association (such as Malvern Bancorp) and any companies
which are controlled by such holding company are affiliates of the savings association. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent
to which the savings association or its subsidiaries may engage in  covered transactions  with any one affiliate to
an amount equal to 10% of such association s capital stock and surplus, and contains an aggregate limit on all such transactions
with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20% of such capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to  covered transactions 
as well as certain other transactions and requires that all transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable,
to the savings association as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term  covered transaction  includes the making
of loans to, purchase of assets from and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate and similar transactions. Section 23B transactions
also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by a savings association to an affiliate. In addition to the restrictions
imposed by Sections 23A and 23B, Section 11 of the Home Owners  Loan Act prohibits a savings association from (i) making
a loan or other extension of credit to an affiliate, except for any affiliate which engages only in certain activities which are
permissible for bank holding companies, or (ii) purchasing or investing in any stocks, bonds, debentures, notes or similar obligations
of any affiliate, except for affiliates which are subsidiaries of the savings association. 

In addition, Sections 22(g) and (h) of the
Federal Reserve Act as made applicable to savings associations by Section 11 of the Home Owners  Loan Act, place restrictions
on loans to executive officers, directors and principal shareholders of the savings association and its affiliates. Under Section
22(h), loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10% shareholder of a savings association, and certain affiliated
interests of either, may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, the savings
association s loans to one borrower limit (generally equal to 15% of the association s unimpaired capital and surplus).
Section 22(h) also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal shareholders be made on terms substantially
the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons unless the loans are made pursuant to a benefit or compensation
program that (i) is widely available to employees of the association and (ii) does not give preference to any director, executive
officer or principal shareholder, or certain affiliated interests of either, over other employees of the savings association. Section
22(h) also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by a savings
association to all insiders cannot exceed the association s unimpaired capital and surplus. Furthermore, Section 22(g) places
additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. Malvern Federal Savings Bank currently is subject to Sections 22(g) and
(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and at September 30, 2016, was in compliance with the above restrictions. 

Community Reinvestment
Act.   All federal savings associations have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations
to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. An institution s failure
to comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could result in restrictions on its activities. Malvern Federal
Savings Bank received a  satisfactory  Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recently completed examination. 

Anti-Money Laundering . All financial
institutions, including savings and loan associations are subject to federal laws that are designed to prevent the use of the U.S.
financial system to fund terrorist activities. Financial institutions operating in the United States are required to develop new
anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering.
Such compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions,
under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations. Malvern Federal Savings Bank has established policies
and procedures to ensure compliance with these provisions, and their impact on our operations has not been material. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System . Malvern
Federal Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, which is one of 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks
that administers the home financing credit function of savings institutions. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for
its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations
of the FHLB System. It makes loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board
of directors of the FHLB. At September 30, 2016, Malvern Federal Savings Bank had $118.0 million of FHLB advances outstanding and
$127.8 million available on its line of credit with the FHLB. 

As a member, Malvern Federal Savings Bank is
required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB of Pittsburgh in an amount equal to at least 1.0% of its aggregate unpaid residential
mortgage loans or similar obligations at the beginning of each year. At September 30, 2016, Malvern Federal Savings Bank had $5.4
million in FHLB stock, which was in compliance with this requirement. 

The Federal Home Loan Banks are required to
provide funds for the resolution of troubled savings institutions and to contribute to affordable housing programs through direct
loans or interest subsidies on advances targeted for community investment and low- and moderate-income housing projects. The FHLB
has communicated that it believes the calculation of risk-based capital under the current rules of the Federal Housing Finance
Agency significantly overstates the market risk of the FHLB s private-label mortgage-backed securities in the current market
environment and that it has enough capital to cover the risks reflected in the FHLB s balance sheet. As a result, an
 other than temporary impairment  has not been recorded for the Bank s investment in FHLB stock. However,
continued deterioration in the FHLB s financial position may result in impairment in the value of those securities. Management
will continue to monitor the financial condition of the FHLB as it relates to, among other things, the recoverability of the Bank s
investment. 

Federal Reserve System . The Federal
Reserve Board requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW and Super
NOW checking accounts) and non-personal time deposits. Because required reserves must be maintained in the form of vault cash or
a noninterest-bearing account at a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of this reserve requirement is to reduce an institution s
earning assets. At September 30, 2016, Malvern Federal Savings Bank had met its reserve requirement. 

Employees  

As of September 30, 2016, we had a total of
83 full-time equivalent employees. No employees are represented by a collective bargaining group, and we believe that our relationship
with our employees is excellent. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

An investment in our common
stock involves risks. Stockholders should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all other information contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making any purchase or sale decisions regarding our common stock. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results may be harmed. In that case, the trading price of
our common stock may decline, and stockholders may lose part or all of their investment in our common stock. 

We are subject to credit risk in connection with our lending
activities, and our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted by economic conditions and other factors
that adversely affect our borrowers.  

Our financial condition and results of operations
are affected by the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, and in a timely manner. Lending money is a significant part
of the banking business. Borrowers, however, do not always repay their loans. The risk of non-payment is assessed through our underwriting
and loan review procedures based on several factors including credit risks of a particular borrower, changes in economic conditions,
the duration of the loan and in the case of a collateralized loan, uncertainties as to the future value of the collateral and other
factors. Despite our efforts, we do and will experience loan losses, and our financial condition and results of operations will
be adversely affected. Our non-performing assets were approximately $2.3 million at September 30, 2016. Our allowance for loan
losses was approximately $5.4 million at September 30, 2016. Our loans between thirty and eighty-nine days delinquent totaled $4.7
million at September 30, 2016. 

The changing economic environment may continue to adversely impact
our operations and results.  

Negative developments in the financial services
industry since 2008 have resulted in uncertainty in the financial markets in general and a related general economic downturn globally.
As a consequence of the most recent United States recession, business activities across a wide range of industries face serious
difficulties due to the decline in the housing market and lack of consumer spending. 

As a result of these financial economic crises,
many lending institutions, including us, have experienced declines in the performance of their loans, including residential, construction,
commercial and consumer loans. In addition, the values of real estate collateral supporting many commercial loans and home mortgages
have declined and may continue to decline. Moreover, competition among depository institutions for deposits and quality loans has
increased significantly while the significant decline in economic growth has led to a slowdown in banking related activities. A
worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us and others
in the financial services industry. In particular, we may face the following risks in connection with these events: 

we potentially face increased regulation of our industry and compliance with such regulation may increase our costs and limit
our ability to pursue business opportunities;   

customer demand for loans secured by real estate could be reduced due to weaker economic conditions,
an increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values or an increase in interest rates;    

the process we use to estimate losses inherent in our credit exposure requires difficult, subjective
and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic conditions might impair the ability of
our borrowers to repay their loans; and    

the value of the portfolio of investment securities that we hold may be adversely affected.    

Changes in interest rates could adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

Our net income depends primarily upon our net
interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning
assets and the interest expense incurred on deposits and borrowed funds. The level of net interest income is primarily a function
of the average balance of our interest-earning assets, the average balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread
between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of
our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by such external factors as the local
economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board
of Governors (the  FOMC ), and market interest rates. 

Different types of assets and liabilities may
react differently, and at different times, to changes in market interest rates. We expect that we will periodically experience
gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities. That means either our interest-bearing liabilities will
be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. When interest-bearing liabilities
mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce our net interest
income. Likewise, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest
rates could reduce our net interest income. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many
factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events
and changes in the United States and other financial markets. 

We also attempt to manage risk from changes
in market interest rates, in part, by controlling the mix of interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities.
However, interest rate risk management techniques are not exact. A rapid increase or decrease in interest rates could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial performance. 

Our high concentration of commercial real
estate loans exposes us to increased lending risk.  

As of September 30, 2016, the primary composition of our total loan
portfolio was as follows: 

construction and development loans of $28.6 million, or 4.9% of total loans;   

Commercial real estate loans, which comprised
40.0% of our total loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016, expose us to a greater risk of loss than do residential mortgage
loans. Commercial real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared
to residential loans. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one commercial loan or one credit relationship exposes
us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to one residential mortgage loan. Any
significant failure to pay on time by our customers or a significant default by our customers would materially and adversely affect
us. 

Although the economy in our market area generally,
and the real estate market in particular, is improving, we can give you no assurance that it will continue to grow or that the
rate of growth will accelerate to historic levels. Many factors could reduce or halt growth in our local economy and real estate
market. Accordingly, it may be more difficult for commercial real estate borrowers to repay their loans in a timely manner in the
current economic climate, as commercial real estate borrowers  ability to repay their loans frequently depends on the successful
development of their properties. The deterioration of one or a few of our commercial real estate loans could cause a material increase
in our level of nonperforming loans, which would result in a loss of revenue from these loans and could result in an increase in
the provision for loan and lease losses and/or an increase in charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse impact on
our net income. We also may incur losses on commercial real estate loans due to declines in occupancy rates and rental rates, which
may decrease property values and may decrease the likelihood that a borrower may find permanent financing alternatives. Given the
continued weaknesses in the commercial real estate market in general, there may be loans where the value of our collateral has
been negatively impacted. Any weakening of the commercial real estate market may increase the likelihood of default of these loans,
which could negatively impact our loan portfolio s performance and asset quality. If we are required to liquidate the collateral
securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, we could incur material losses. Any of these
events could increase our costs, require management time and attention, and materially and adversely affect us. 

If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual
loan losses, our earning will decrease.  

Like all financial institutions, we maintain
an allowance for loan losses to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan
losses, we review our loans and our loss and delinquency experience, and we evaluate economic conditions. If our assumptions are
incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio. 

In addition, bank regulators periodically review
our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs.
Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities might have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A new accounting standard will likely require us to increase
our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has
adopted a new accounting standard that will be effective for the Company and the Bank after December 15, 2019.  This standard,
referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime
expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses.  This will change
the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which would likely require us to increase our allowance
for loan losses, and to greatly increase the types of data we would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level
of the allowance for loan losses.  Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate
level of the allowance for loan losses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulted in a one-time
favorable impact to operations.  

We
recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
bases of assets and liabilities.  We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability to determine whether it
is more likely that not (i.e. likelihood of more than 50%) that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized
within its life cycle, based on the weight of available evidence. If management makes a determination based on the available evidence
that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods, a valuation
allowance is calculated and recorded. The determinations are inherently subjective and dependent upon estimates and judgments concerning
management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence. 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the
Company reversed $7.8 million representing the valuation allowance related to net deferred tax assets, which contributed to a net
tax benefit for the quarter of $6.0 million. The impact of the reversal and subsequent income tax benefit positively affected net
income for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2016 results. 

The reversal of the valuation allowance on
net deferred tax assets was based on management s judgment that the net deferred tax asset will be realized by the Company.
The Company has reported positive cumulative pre-tax earnings over the prior two year period ended September 30, 2016, representing
eight quarters. These historical results in conjunction with management s expectations of future projected taxable income
supported the Company s decision to reverse the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. 

As for the remaining items related to the other
temporary timing differences, the realization of a deferred tax asset requires us to exercise meaningful judgment and predict future
occurrences, which is inherently uncertain.  However, based on the types of some of the deferred assets, we reasonably estimate
that the recovery period for these particular deferred assets to be ten years or less. 

Strong competition within our market area could hurt our profits
and slow growth.  

The banking and financial services industry
in our market area is highly competitive. We may not be able to compete effectively in our markets, which could adversely affect
our results of operations. The increasingly competitive environment is a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology
and product delivery systems, and consolidation among financial service providers. Larger institutions have greater access to capital
markets, with higher lending limits and a broader array of services. Competition may require increases in deposit rates and decreases
in loan rates, and adversely impact our net interest margin. 

The effects of the current economic conditions have been particularly
severe in our primary market areas.  

Substantially all of our loans are to individuals, businesses and
real estate developers in Chester County, Pennsylvania and neighboring areas in southern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and the New York
metropolitan marketplace.  Our business depends significantly on general economic conditions in these market areas. 
These areas experienced deteriorating economic conditions during 2008 through 2015.  A continued downturn in the local real
estate market could harm our financial condition and results of operation in the following ways: 

Loan delinquencies may increase further;    

Problem assets and foreclosures may increase further;    

Demand for our products and services may decline;    

The carrying value of our other real estate owned may decline further; and    

Collateral for loans made by us, especially real estate, may continue to decline in value, in
turn reducing a customer s borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with our loans.    

We operate in a highly regulated environment and we may be adversely
affected by changes in laws and regulations.  

We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination
by the FRB, our primary federal regulator, the OCC, the Bank s primary federal regulator, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, as insurer of the Bank s deposits. Such regulation and supervision governs the activities in which an institution
and its holding company may engage and are intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and the depositors and borrowers
of the Bank rather than for holders of our common stock. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory
and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination
of the level of our allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy,
regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. 

The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate due
to market conditions outside of our control.  

As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of
our investment securities portfolio was approximately $107.2 million. We have historically taken a conservative investment strategy,
with concentrations of securities that are backed by government sponsored enterprises. Factors beyond our control can significantly
influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities.
These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by the issuer or with
respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and continued instability in the capital markets. Any
of these factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods
and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The process for determining whether
impairment of a security is other-than-temporary usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance
and liquidity of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual
principal and interest payments on the security. 

Our growth-oriented business strategy could be adversely affected
if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees or if we lose the services of our senior management team.  

Our ability to manage growth will depend upon
our ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees. The loss of members of our senior management team, including
those officers named in the summary compensation table of our proxy statement, could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and ability to execute our strategic goals. Our success will also depend on the ability of our officers and key employees
to continue to implement and improve our operational and other systems, to manage multiple, concurrent customer relationships and
to hire, train and manage our employees. 

We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications
systems and third-party servicers, and systems failures, interruptions or breaches of security could have a material adverse effect
on us.  

Information technology
systems are critical to our business. We use various technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, securities,
deposits, and loans. We have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of system failures, interruptions,
and security breaches (including privacy breaches), but such events may still occur and may not be adequately addressed if they
do occur. In addition any compromise of our systems could deter customers from using our products and services. Although we rely
on security systems to provide security and authentication necessary to effect the secure transmission of data, these precautions
may not protect our systems from compromises or breaches of security. 

In addition, we outsource
a majority of our data processing to certain third-party providers. If these third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if
we have difficulty communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and
our business operations could be adversely affected. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information
through various other vendors and their personnel. 

The occurrence of any system failures, interruption,
or breach of security could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business thereby subjecting us to additional
regulatory scrutiny, or could expose us to litigation and possible financial liability. Any of these events could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments .  

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties.   

The Bank owns and maintains the premises in
which the headquarters and six full-service financial centers are located, and leases a financial center in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania
and in Villanova, Pennsylvania and a private banking office in Morristown, New Jersey. The location of each of the offices is as
follows: 

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings .  

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject
to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal
actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures  . 

Not Applicable. 

PART II.  

Item 5.    Market for the Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities .  

The common stock of the Company is traded on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  MLVF . As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 459 stockholders
of record, not including the number of persons or entities whose stock is held in nominee or  street  name through
various brokerage firms and banks. On September 30, 2016, the closing sale price was $16.40. 

The following table sets forth the high and
low closing sales price of a share of the Company s common stock for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no cash dividends
per share of common stock were declared by the Company. 

Stockholders Return Comparison  

Set forth on the following page is a line graph
presentation comparing the cumulative stockholder return on the Company s common stock, on a dividend reinvested basis, against
the cumulative total returns of the Standard   Poor s Composite, the SNL Mid-Atlantic Bank Index and the SNL Mid-Atlantic
Thrift Index for the period from October 12, 2012 through September 30, 2016. 

Malvern Bancorp, Inc.     

Item 6. Selected Financial Data .  

The following tables set forth selected consolidated
financial data as of the dates and for the periods presented. The selected consolidated statement of financial condition data as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the selected consolidated summary of operating data for the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes that we have included elsewhere
in this Annual Report. The selected consolidated statement of financial condition data as of September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012
and the selected consolidated summary of operating data for the years ended September 30, 2013 and 2012 have been derived from
audited consolidated financial statements that are not presented in this Annual Report. 

The selected historical consolidated financial
data as of any date and for any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved as of any future date
or for any future period. You should read the following selected statistical and financial data in conjunction with the more detailed
information contained in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that we have presented elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

(1)  The calculation for the year ended September 2012 has been
adjusted for the exchange and additional share issuance in the reorganization and offering completed on October 11, 2012. 

(2)  Represents the difference between the weighted average
yield on interest earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest bearing liabilities. 

(3)  Net interest income divided by average interest earning
assets. 

(4)  Efficiency ratio, which is a non-GAAP financial measure,
is computed by dividing other expense, less non-core items, by net interest income on a tax equivalent basis plus other income,
excluding net securities gains (losses). Included in non-core items are costs which include expenses related to the Company s
corporate restructuring initiatives. The Company believes these adjustments are necessary to provide the most accurate measure
of core operating results as a means to evaluate comparative results.  See table below for the calculation of the efficiency
ratio. 

(5)  Other than shareholders  equity to total assets,
all capital ratios are for the Bank only. 

The following table presents the calculation
of efficiency ratio. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A )
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .  

The purpose of this analysis is to provide
the reader with information relevant to understanding and assessing the Company s results of operations for each of the past
three years and financial condition for each of the past two years. In order to fully appreciate this analysis, the reader is encouraged
to review the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto appearing under Item 8 of this report, and statistical
data presented in this document. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

See Page 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for information regarding forward-looking statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Note 2 to our audited consolidated
financial statements contain a summary of our significant accounting policies. Management believes our policy with respect to the
methodology for the determination of the allowance for loan losses involves a higher degree of complexity and requires management
to make difficult and subjective judgments which often require assumptions or estimates about highly uncertain matters. Changes
in these judgments, assumptions or estimates could materially impact results of operations. This critical policy and its application
are periodically reviewed with the Audit Committee and our Board of Directors. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses represents management s
estimate of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses is considered
a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing
of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience,
and consideration of current economic trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The loan portfolio
also represents the largest asset type on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

The evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses includes, among other factors, an analysis of historical loss rates by loan category applied to current loan totals.
However, actual loan losses may be higher or lower than historical trends, which vary. Actual losses on specified problem loans,
which also are provided for in the evaluation, may vary from estimated loss percentages, which are established based upon a limited
number of potential loss classifications. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged
to expense. Management believes that the current allowance for loan losses will be adequate to absorb loan losses on existing loans
that may become uncollectible based on the evaluation of known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. The evaluation takes into
consideration such factors as changes in the nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality, and specific problem
loans and current economic conditions which may affect our borrowers  ability to pay. 

The evaluation also details
historical losses by loan category and the resulting loan loss rates which are projected for current loan total amounts. Loss estimates
for specified problem loans are also detailed. In addition, the OCC, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically
reviews our allowance for loan losses. The OCC may require us to make additional provisions for loan losses based upon information
available to them at the time of their examination. All of the factors considered in the analysis of the adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses may be subject to change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from management estimates, additional provisions
for loan losses may be required that could materially adversely impact earnings in future periods. 

Other Real Estate Owned  

Assets acquired through foreclosure typically
consist of other real estate owned and financial assets acquired from debtors. Other real estate owned is carried at the lower
of cost or fair value, less estimated selling costs. The fair value of other real estate owned is determined using current
market appraisals obtained from approved independent appraisers, agreements of sale, and comparable market analysis from real estate
brokers, where applicable. Changes in the fair value of assets acquired through foreclosure at future reporting dates or at
the time of disposition will result in an adjustment in assets acquired through foreclosure expense or net gain (loss) on sale
of assets acquired through foreclosure, respectively. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company uses fair value measurements to
record fair value adjustments to certain assets to determine fair value disclosures. Investment and mortgage-backed securities
available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required
to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans, real estate owned and certain other assets.
These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of
individual assets. 

Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, the Company groups
its assets at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the reliability of the assumptions
used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level
1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. 

Level
2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable
in the market. 

Level
3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These
unobservable assumptions reflect the Company s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset. 

Under FASB ASC Topic 820, the Company bases
its fair values on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. It is our policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the fair value hierarchy in FASB ASC Topic
820. 

Fair value measurements for assets where there
exists limited or no observable market data and, therefore, are based primarily upon the Company s or other third-party s
estimates, are often calculated based on the characteristics of the asset, the economic and competitive environment and other such
factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement
of the asset. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions
used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, that could significantly affect the results of current or future
valuations. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $8,000 of assets that were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using
Level 3 measurements. 

Income Taxes  

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the
Company reversed approximately $7.8 million representing the valuation allowance related to net deferred tax assets, which contributed
to a net tax benefit for the year of $6.0 million. The impact of the reversal and subsequent income tax benefit positively affected
net income for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2016 results. 

The reversal of the valuation allowance on
net deferred tax assets was based on management s judgment that the net deferred tax asset will be realized by the Company.
The Company has reported positive cumulative pre-tax earnings over the prior two year period ended September 30, 2016, representing
eight quarters. These historical results in conjunction with management s expectations of future projected taxable income
supported the Company s decision to reverse the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. 

We make estimates and judgments to calculate
various of our tax liabilities and determine the recoverability of our deferred tax assets ( DTAs ), which arise from
temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenues and expenses. We also estimate a reserve
for deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded
deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. These estimates and judgments are inherently subjective. Historically,
our estimates and judgments to calculate our deferred tax accounts have not required significant revision to our initial estimates. 

In evaluating our ability to recover deferred
tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results and our forecast of
future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions for the amount of taxable income, the reversal
of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require us to
make judgments about our future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage our business. Any
reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. An
increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in the period and could have a significant impact
on our future earnings. 

Our net deferred tax asset amounted to $8.8
million and $2.9 million at September 30, 2016 and at September 30, 2015, respectively. Our total deferred tax assets decreased
to $9.4 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $11.4 million at September 30, 2015. The Company s DTA allowance as of
September 30, 2015 of $8.0 million has decreased by $8.0 million to $61,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Securities  

Securities are evaluated on a quarterly basis,
and more frequently when market conditions warrant such an evaluation, to determine whether declines in their value are other-than-temporary.
To determine whether a loss in value is other-than-temporary, management utilizes criteria such as the reasons underlying the decline,
the magnitude and duration of the decline and whether or not management intends to sell or expects that it is more likely than
not that it will be required to sell the security prior to an anticipated recovery of the fair value. The term  other-than-temporary 
is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent, but indicates that the prospects for a near-term recovery of value is
not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying
value of the investment. Once a decline in value for a debt security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the other-than-temporary
impairment is separated into (a) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in cash flows expected
to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss) and (b) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related
to all other factors. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings.
The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income. 

Derivatives  

The Company enters into derivative financial
instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future uncertain cash amounts,
the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations
and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through
management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit
risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments.
The Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. 

Interest rate swaps are valued by a third party,
using models that primarily use market observable inputs, such as yield curves, and are validated by comparison with valuations
provided by the respective counterparties. The credit risk associated with derivative financial instruments that are subject to
master netting agreements is measured on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. The significant assumptions used in the models,
which include assumptions for interest rates, are independently verified against observable market data where possible. Where observable
market data is not available, the estimate of fair value becomes more subjective and involves a high degree of judgment. In this
circumstance, fair value is estimated based on management s judgment regarding the value that market participants would assign
to the asset or liability. This valuation process takes into consideration factors such as market illiquidity. Imprecision in estimating
these factors can impact the amount recorded on the balance sheet for a particular asset or liability with related impacts to earnings
or other comprehensive income. 

Overview and Strategy  

Our business strategy is to operate as a well-capitalized
and profitable financial institution dedicated to providing exceptional personal service to our individual and business customers.
Highlights of our business strategy are discussed below: 

Improving Core Earnings.    With
interest rates falling to historically low levels, it has become increasingly difficult for financial institutions to maintain
acceptable levels of net interest income. Until recently, with the Bank unable to grow its asset base and loan portfolio, increasing
interest income has been a challenge. This lack of growth in the loan portfolio through fiscal year-end 2014, combined with higher
deposit and borrowing costs, had contributed to a decline in the Banks  net interest margin. In an effort to achieve consistent
sustainable earnings, i.e. improve the net interest margin, we have implemented specific product and pricing strategies designed
to increase the yield on loans and reduce the cost of funding. In fiscal 2014, we resumed originating commercial real estate loans
and commercial business loans, which have higher yields than single-family residential mortgage loans, on a relatively modest basis
in accordance with our business plan and our strengthened loan underwriting and loan administration policies and procedures. We
also have established a funding composition plan, which is designed to increase checking accounts, primarily non-interest bearing
accounts, as well as savings and money market accounts. We are attempting to increase our core deposits, which we define as all
deposit accounts other than certificates of deposit. At September 30, 2016, our core deposits amounted to 58.4% of total deposits
($351.8 million), compared to 56.7% of total deposits ($263.8 million) at September 30, 2015. We have continued our promotional
efforts to increase core deposits. We review our deposit products on an ongoing basis and we are considering additional deposit
products and are currently offering more flexible delivery options, such as mobile banking, as part of our efforts to increase
core deposits. We expect to increase our commercial checking accounts and we plan to enhance our cross-marketing as part of our
efforts to gain additional deposit relationships with our loan customers. 

Maintain Low Levels of Problem Assets.  
 We are continuing in our efforts to maintain low levels of problem assets. At September 30, 2016, our total non-performing
assets in portfolio were $2.3 million or 0.28% of total assets, reflecting a reduction of $12.0 million, or 83.9%, compared to
$14.3 million of total non-performing assets at September 30, 2012 (when total non-performing assets amounted to 2.01% of total
assets). The October 2013 bulk sale of problem loans resulted in a dramatic reduction of the Company s non-performing assets.
The bulk sale was undertaken as an efficient mechanism for disposing of non-performing and underperforming assets and improving
the Bank s credit quality in the process. As a result of the sale, the Company significantly reduced its exposure to sectors
that experienced economic weakness and significant declines in collateral valuations and has substantially reduced the amount of
non-accruing loans. 

Growing Our Loan Portfolio and Resuming
Commercial Real Estate and Construction and Development Lending.  We have resumed, the origination of commercial real estate
loans and construction and development loans in our market area. Such loans are being underwritten in accordance with our strengthened
loan underwriting standards and our enhanced credit review and administration procedures. We continue to believe that we can be
a successful niche lender to small and mid-sized commercial borrowers and homebuilders in our market area. In light of the improvements
in economic conditions and real estate values, we believe that the resumption of commercial real estate and construction and development
lending in a planned, deliberative fashion with the loan underwriting and administrative enhancements that we have implemented
in recent periods, together with modest loan growth, will increase our interest income and our returns in future periods. 

Increasing Market Share Penetration. 
We operate in a competitive market area for banking products and services. In recent years, we have been working to increase our
deposit share in Chester and Delaware counties and we increased our marketing and promotional efforts. During fiscal year 2016,
we continued to execute on our business plans and have positioned the Company to take advantage of the growth activity we are achieving
in our markets, which includes the opening of a full-service financial center in Villanova, Pennsylvania and a private banking
/ loan production office in Morristown, New Jersey. Our business plans call for us to achieve the transition to a commercial bank
balance sheet. With entry into New Jersey lending market, we are working to solidify and expand the service relationship with our
new customers. In our effort to increase market share as well as non-interest income, we plan to evaluate increasing our business
in non-traditional products, such as wealth management. 

Continuing to Provide Exceptional Customer
Service.  As a community-oriented savings bank, we take pride in providing exceptional customer service as a means to attract
and retain customers. We deliver personalized service to our customers that distinguish us from the large regional banks operating
in our market area. Our management team has strong ties to and deep roots in, the local community. We believe that we know our
customers  banking needs and can respond quickly to address them. 

Introduction  

The following introduction to Management s
Discussion and Analysis highlights the principal factors that contributed to the Company s earnings performance for the year
ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company was proactive with its balance
sheet strategies throughout fiscal 2016 in order to reduce exposure to interest rates through a reduction in higher cost funding
and non-core balances in the deposit mix coupled with an improvement in the earning asset mix. The Company s progress in
growing and improving its balance sheet earning asset mix has helped to expand its spread and margin. 

The Company s net income in fiscal 2016
was $11.9 million, or $1.86 per fully diluted common share, compared to net income of $3.7 million in fiscal 2015, or $0.58 per
fully diluted common share. In September 2016, the Company reversed approximately $7.8 million representing the valuation allowance
related to net deferred tax assets, which contributed to a net tax benefit of $6.0 million. The impact of the reversal and
subsequent income tax benefit positively affected net income for fiscal 2016. Excluding the net tax benefit of $6.0 million, net
income attributable to the Company would have been approximately $6.0 million, or $0.93 per fully diluted common share, for fiscal
2016. Besides the reversal of the valuation allowance, the growth in earnings performance in fiscal 2016 was primarily attributable
to earnings from core operations. Earnings for fiscal 2016 and associated operating performance was characterized by solid revenue
growth, loan generation and a continuation of our stable and favorable asset quality profile. Earnings were positively impacted
by growth in net interest income, primarily from an increase in the average balance of earning assets of $122.7 million, as well
as an increase of eight basis points in the average yield. There was an increase of three basis points in the average rate paid
on interest-bearing liabilities in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, net
interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis amounted to $18.8 million, compared to $15.4 million for fiscal 2015. For fiscal
2016, interest income increased by $4.9 million while interest expense increased by $1.5 million from fiscal 2015. As noted above,
in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, the average balance of our average interest earning assets increased $122.7 million while
the net interest spread and margin increased on a tax-equivalent basis by five basis points and three basis points, respectively.
For fiscal 2016, the Company s net interest margin increased to 2.65 percent as compared to 2.62 percent for fiscal 2015. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, total
other income decreased $202,000 as compared with the year ended September 30, 2015, from $2.5 million to $2.3 million. The decrease
in fiscal 2016 was primarily a result of a $66,000 decrease in service charges, a $38,000 decrease in rental income, and a $163,000
decrease in earnings on bank-owned insurance, partially offset by an increase of $50,000 in net gains on sales of investment securities,
an increase of $14,000 in net gain on sale of loans and an increase in gain on disposal of fixed assets of $1,000. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, total
other expense decreased $39,000, or 0.3 percent, compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The decrease primarily reflected
a $205,000 decrease in federal deposit insurance, a $108,000 decrease in advertising, a $108,000 decrease in data processing expense
and a $200,000 decrease in other operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in salaries and employee
benefits of $292,000, a $105,000 increase in occupancy expense, a $112,000 increase in professional fees and a $73,000 change in
other real estate owned (income) expense, net. 

The Company continues to move forward with
momentum in expanding our presence in key markets. We continue to execute on our business plans and are positioning the Company
to take advantage of the growth activity we are achieving in our markets, which included our new loan production locations in Morristown,
New Jersey and Villanova, Pennsylvania. With the entry into New Jersey lending market, we are working to solidify and expand the
service relationship with our new customers. We remain excited by the potential to create incremental shareholder value from our
strategic growth. We believe that our earnings performance demonstrates the Company s commitment to achieving meaningful
growth, an essential component of providing consistent and favorable long-term returns to our shareholders. However, while we continue
to see an improvement in balance sheet strength and core earnings performance, we still remain cautious about the credit stability
of the broader markets. 

Total assets at September 30, 2016 were $821.3
million, an increase of 25.3 percent from assets of $655.7 million at September 30, 2015. The increase in assets primarily reflects
the growth of $182.9 million in our net loan portfolio, as well as an increase of $56.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and
a $6.0 million increase in our deferred income taxes as a result of the reversal of the valuation allowance. These increases were
partially offset by a decrease of $78.6 million in our investment securities portfolio. The Company continued to expand its client
base and loan production, deploying cash from increased deposit production into a more efficient earning asset mix. The growth
in the earning asset portfolio was funded in part through deposit growth of $136.5 million. 

Our loan portfolio increased in fiscal 2016
as compared to fiscal 2015. Overall, the total portfolio increased year over year by approximately $184.2 million or 46.7 percent
from fiscal 2015. Demand for both commercial loans and real estate loans prevailed throughout the year in the Company s market
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, despite the economic climate at both the state and national levels. The increase in the total loan
portfolio at September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015, primarily reflected an increase of $181.2 million in commercial
loans and a $20.8 million increase in construction and development loans. These increases were partially offset by a $5.8 million
decrease in residential mortgage loans and a $12.0 million reduction in consumer loans at September 30, 2016 as compared to September
30, 2015. The Company is encouraged by loan demand and positive momentum is expected to continue in growing our loan portfolio
in fiscal 2017. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $107.9 million in overall undisbursed loan commitments, which includes largely
unused commercial lines of credit, home equity lines of credit and available usage from active construction facilities. Included
in the overall undisbursed commitments are the Company s   Approved, Accepted but Unfunded   pipeline,
which includes approximately $72.7 million in commercial real estate loans, $13.8 million in commercial term loans and lines of
credit, $7.0 million in construction loans and $4.0 million in residential mortgages expected to fund over the next 90 days. 

Asset quality remains high and a primary focus
of the Company. Even so, the stability of the economy and credit markets remains uncertain and as such, has had an impact on certain
credits within our portfolio. At September 30, 2016, non-performing assets totaled $2.3 million or 0.28 percent of total assets,
a decline from $2.6 million or 0.39 percent at September 30, 2015. The decrease was attributable to two commercial loans to one
borrower with an outstanding balance of approximately $492,000 at September 30, 2015 which were returned to accruing status during
fiscal 2016, as well as $117,000 in charge-offs, payments of $212,000, offset in part by the addition of seven single residential
loans (totaling approximately $658,000), one commercial real estate loan (totaling approximately $193,000) and six consumer loans
(totaling approximately $186,000) into non-accrual status.  In addition, the Company reduced other real estate owned at September
30, 2016 to zero as compared to $1.2 million at September 30, 2015. The decrease was attributable to three single residential loans
and one commercial real estate loan sold during the fiscal 2016. The decrease in REO at September 30, 2016 compared to September
30, 2015, was due to $1.2 million of sales of REO, at a net gain of $19,000, as well as $20,000 in reduction to fair value which
are reflected in other REO expense during fiscal 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the level of the allowance
was $5.4 million compared to $4.7 million at September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans amounted
to 0.94 percent at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.18 percent at September 30, 2015. We recorded $947,000 and $90,000, of provisions
to the allowance for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net charge-offs amounted to $180,000 and $12,000
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The allowance for loan losses as a percent of total non-performing
loans amounted to 234.9 percent at September 30, 2016 and 333.6 percent at September 30, 2015. This increase in the ratio of the
allowance for loan losses to total non-performing loans from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 was due to the increase
in the level of non-performing loans. 

Deposits grew strongly during fiscal 2016,
with total deposits of $602.0 million at September 30, 2016, increasing $136.5 million, or 29.3 percent, since September 30, 2015.
Deposit growth is a result of business development efforts, our expanded market, and the higher visibility of the Bank, which have
resulted in increased deposits and a broadened depositor base. Interest-bearing demand, savings, money market, and certificates
of deposit less than $100,000 increased $75.7 million or 23.3 percent to a total of $400.4 million at September 30, 2016 as compared
to $324.7 million at September 30, 2015. Time deposits $100,000 and over increased $53.3 million at September 30, 2016 as compared
to September 30, 2015. Time deposits $100,000 and over represented 27.8 percent of total deposits at September 30, 2016 compared
to 24.5 percent at September 30, 2015. 

Total shareholders  equity amounted to
$94.6 million, or 11.5 percent, of total assets at September 30, 2016 compared to $81.4 million, or 12.4 percent, of total assets
at September 30, 2015. Book value per common share (total common shareholders  equity divided by the number of shares outstanding)
increased to $14.42 at September 30, 2016, as compared with $12.41 at September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of earnings of
$11.9 million in fiscal 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank s common
equity tier 1 ratio was 14.24 percent, tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.79 percent, tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 14.24 percent
and the total risk-based capital ratio was 15.16 percent. At September 30, 2015, the Bank s common equity tier 1 ratio was
15.90 percent, tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.80 percent, tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 15.90 percent and the total risk-based
capital ratio was 16.99 percent. At September 30, 2016, the Bank was in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements. 

The following sections discuss the Company s
Results of Operations, Asset and Liability Management, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Results of Operations  

Net income for the year ended September 30,
2016 was $11.9 million as compared to $3.7 million earned in fiscal 2015 and $323,000 earned in fiscal 2014. Out net income for
fiscal 2016 increased by 222.9 percent compared to fiscal 2015. For fiscal 2016, the fully diluted earnings per common share was
$1.86 as compared with $0.58 per share in fiscal 2015 and $0.05 per share in fiscal 2014. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, the
Company s return on average shareholders  equity (  ROE  ) was 14.05 percent and its return
on average assets (  ROA  ) was 1.59 percent. The comparable ratios for the year ended September 30, 2015,
were ROE of 4.65 percent and ROA of 0.60 percent. 

Earnings for fiscal 2016 benefitted from
the reversal of the valuation allowance related to net deferred tax assets and the increase in net interest income. The decreases
in non interest income, primarily in service charges and other fees, rental income and earnings on bank owned life insurance, which
were partially offset by an increase in net gain on sale of investments and net gain on sale of loans. The decrease in non-interest
expenses was due to decreases in FDIC insurance, advertising expenses, data processing expense and other operating expenses. These
decreases were partially offset by increases in salaries and benefits, occupancy expenses, professional fees and OREO expenses. 

Use of Non-GAAP Disclosures  

Reported amounts are presented in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The Company s management believes that the supplemental non-GAAP information contained herein, including
the efficiency ratio, are utilized by regulators and market analysts to evaluate a company s financial condition and therefore,
such information is useful to investors. These disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for financial results determined
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures which may be presented by other
companies. 

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income is the difference between
the interest earned on the portfolio of earning assets (principally loans and investments) and the interest paid for deposits and
borrowings, which support these assets. Net interest income is presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis by adjusting tax-exempt
income (primarily interest earned on obligations of state and political subdivisions) by the amount of income tax which would have
been paid had the assets been invested in taxable issues. We believe this to be the preferred measurement of net interest income
as it provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts. 

The following table presents the components
of net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure, for the periods indicated, together with a reconciliation
of net interest income as reported under GAAP. 

(1)  Computed using a federal income tax rate of 34 percent
for Years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

Net interest income is directly affected by
changes in the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, which support those assets, as well
as changes in the rates earned and paid. Net interest income is presented in this financial review on a tax equivalent basis
by adjusting tax-exempt income (primarily interest earned on various obligations of state and political subdivisions) by the amount
of income tax which would have been paid had the assets been invested in taxable issues, and then in accordance with the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the net interest income data presented in this financial review differ
from the Company s net interest income components of the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this report. 

Net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis,
for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $3.4 million, or 21.9 percent, to $18.8 million, from $15.4 million for fiscal
2015. The Company s net interest margin increased three basis points to 2.65 percent in fiscal 2016 from 2.62 percent for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. From fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015, net interest income on a tax equivalent basis increased
by $248,000 and the net interest margin decreased by 12 basis points. During fiscal 2016, our net interest margin was impacted
by increases in the yield on investments and interest-bearing cash accounts, as well as increase in the cost of deposits and decreases
in the yield on loans and FHLB stock, as well as decrease in the cost of borrowings. 

The change in net interest income during fiscal
2016 was attributable in part to the reduction in short-term interest rates that have remained at historic low levels throughout
2016 coupled with a sustained steepening of the interest rate yield curve. The Company experienced growth of $7.5 million in non-interest
bearing deposits during fiscal 2016 and $75.7 million in interest-bearing demand, savings, money market and time deposits under
$100,000 during fiscal 2016 as customers  desire for safety and liquidity remained paramount in light of their overall investment
concerns. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s net interest spread increased by five basis points
reflecting an eight basis points increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets as well as a three basis point increase
in the average interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, average
interest-earning assets increased by $122.7 million to $709.5 million, as compared with the year ended September 30, 2015. The
fiscal 2016 change in average interest-earning asset volume was primarily due to increased loan volume. Average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by $123.7 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, due primarily to an increase in average interest
bearing deposits of $99.7 million and a $24.0 million increase in average borrowings. 

For the year ended September 30, 2015, average
interest-earning assets increased by $33.2 million to $586.8 million, as compared with the year ended September 30, 2014. The fiscal
2015 change in average interest-earning asset volume was primarily due to increased investment volume. Average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by $27.6 million, due primarily to an increase in average borrowings of $46.6 million partially offset by
decreases in average interest bearing deposits of $19.0 million. 

The factors underlying the year-to-year changes
in net interest income are reflected in the tables presented on pages 28 and 29, each of which have been presented on a tax-equivalent
basis (assuming a 34 percent tax rate for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014). The table on page 31 (Average Statements of Condition with
Interest and Average Rates) shows the Company s consolidated average balance of assets, liabilities and shareholders 
equity, the amount of income produced from interest-earning assets and the amount of expense incurred from interest-bearing liabilities,
and net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 

Net Interest Margin  

The following table quantifies the impact
on net interest income (on a tax-equivalent basis) resulting from changes in average balances and average rates over the past three
years. Any change in interest income or expense attributable to both changes in volume and changes in rate has been allocated in
proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of change in each category. 

Analysis of Variance in Net Interest Income Due to Volume and
Rates  

Interest income on a tax-equivalent basis for
the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by approximately $4.9 million or 23.5 percent as compared with the year ended September
30, 2015. This increase was due primarily to increases in the balances of the Company s loans. 

The average balance of the Company s
loan portfolio increased $123.8 million in fiscal 2016 to $508.0 million from $384.1 million in fiscal 2015, primarily driven by
an increase in commercial real estate loans. 

The average loan portfolio represented approximately
71.6 percent of the Company s interest-earning assets (on average) during fiscal 2016 and 65.5 percent for fiscal 2015. Average
investment securities decreased during fiscal 2016 by $8.5 million compared to fiscal 2015. The average yield on interest-earning
assets increased from 3.52 percent in fiscal 2015 to 3.60 percent in fiscal 2016. 

Interest income (tax-equivalent) increased
by $425,000 from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 primarily due to increases in the balances of the Company s investment securities
portfolios offset in part by a decrease in loans and a decline in rates due to the actions taken by the Federal Reserve to maintain
historically low market interest rates. 

Interest expense for the year ended September
30, 2016 was principally impacted by both volume and rate mix related factors. The changes resulted in increased expense of $1.5
million due to an increase in deposits and borrowings in fiscal 2016. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased $123.7 million
from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016. For the year ended September 30, 2015, interest expense increased $177,000, or 3.5 percent as
compared with fiscal 2014, principally reflecting an increase in borrowings partially offset by a decline in certificates
of deposit. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased $27.6 million from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015. 

The Company s net interest spread on
a tax-equivalent basis (i.e., the average yield on average interest-earning assets, calculated on a tax equivalent basis, minus
the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities) increased five basis points to 2.53 percent in fiscal 2016 from 2.48 percent
for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in fiscal 2016 reflected an increase of spreads between yields earned
on investments and interest-bearing cash accounts and rates paid for supporting funds. 

The net interest spread decreased 11 basis
points in fiscal 2015 as compared with fiscal 2014, primarily as a result of a decline of spreads between yields earned on loans
and investments and rates paid for supporting funds. 

The cost of total average interest-bearing
liabilities increased to 1.07 percent, an increase of three basis points, for the year ended September 30, 2016, from 1.04 percent
for the year ended September 30, 2015, which followed a decrease of two basis points from 1.06 percent for the year ended September
30, 2014. 

The following table,   Average
Statements of Condition with Interest and Average Rates  , on a tax-equivalent basis presents for the years ended September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company s average assets, liabilities and shareholders  equity. The Company s net
interest income, net interest spreads and net interest income as a percentage of interest-earning assets (net interest margin)
are also reflected. 

(1)  Includes non-accrual loans during the respective periods.
Calculated net of deferred loan fees and loan discounts. 

Investment Portfolio  

At September 30, 2016, the principal components
of the investment portfolio were U.S. Government agency obligations, Federal agency obligations including mortgage-backed securities,
obligations of U.S. states and political subdivision, corporate securities, trust preferred security and equity securities. At
September 30, 2016, the total investment portfolio amounted to $106.9 million, a decrease of $78.6 million from September 30, 2015.
The decrease in the investment portfolio was primarily the result of available-for-sale investment securities sold during fiscal
2016. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, the
average volume of investment securities decreased by $8.5 million to approximately $149.8 million or 21.1 percent of average earning
assets, from $158.3 million on average, or 27.0 percent of average earning assets, in fiscal 2015. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, volume
related factors decreased investment revenue by $202,000, while rate related factors increased investment revenue by $259,000.
The tax-equivalent yield on investments increased by 18 basis points to 2.56 percent from a yield of 2.38 percent during the year
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the investment portfolio was attributed to the sales, amortization, and calls recorded
during fiscal 2016. The yield on the portfolio increased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due primarily to higher rates earned
on taxable securities. 

During fiscal 2015, the Company reclassified
at fair value approximately $57.5 million in available-for-sale investment securities to the held-to-maturity category. The net
unrealized loss at date of transfer amounted to $115,000. This is being amortized over the remaining life of the securities as
an adjustment of yield, offsetting the related amortization of the premium or accretion of the discount on the transferred securities.
No gains or losses were recognized at the time of reclassification. Management considers the held-to-maturity classification
of these investment securities to be appropriate as the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to
maturity. 

As of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair
value of the available-for-sale securities disclosed below was primarily dependent upon the movement in market interest rates,
particularly given the negligible inherent credit risk associated with these securities. These investment securities are comprised
of securities that are rated investment grade by at least one bond credit rating service. Although the fair value will fluctuate
as the market interest rates move, management believes that these fair values will recover as the underlying portfolios mature
and are reinvested in market rate yielding investments. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held two municipal bonds, nine corporate
securities, 15 mortgage-backed securities and one single issuer trust preferred security which were in an unrealized loss position.
The Company does not intend to sell and expects that it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities
until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature. Management does not believe any individual unrealized loss as of
September 30, 2016 represents other-than-temporary impairment. 

Securities available-for-sale are a part of
the Company s interest rate risk management strategy and may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, changes in
prepayment risk, liquidity management and other factors. The Company continues to reposition the investment portfolio as part of
an overall corporate-wide strategy to produce reasonable and consistent margins where feasible, while attempting to limit risks
inherent in the Company s balance sheet. 

For fiscal 2016, proceeds of investment securities
sold amounted to approximately $62.8 million. Gross realized gains on investment securities sold amounted to approximately
$595,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $30,000, for the period. For fiscal 2015, proceeds of investment
securities sold amounted to approximately $70.4 million. Gross realized gains on investment securities sold amounted to approximately
$610,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $95,000, for the period. For fiscal 2014, proceeds of investment
securities sold amounted to approximately $16.8 million. Gross realized gains on investment securities sold amounted to approximately
$118,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $35,000, for the period. 

The varying amount of sales from the available-for-sale
portfolio over the past few years, and the significant volume of such sales in fiscal 2016, reflect the significant
volatility present in the market. Given the historic low interest rates prevalent in the market, it is necessary for the Company
to protect itself from interest rate exposure. Securities that once appeared to be sound investments can, after changes in the
market, become securities that the Company has the flexibility to sell to avoid losses and mismatches of interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities at a later time. 

The table below illustrates the maturity distribution
and weighted average yield on a tax-equivalent basis for investment securities at September 30, 2016 on a contractual maturity
basis. 

For information regarding the carrying value
of the investment portfolio, see Note 5 and Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following table sets forth the carrying
value of the Company s investment securities, as of September 30, for each of the last three years. 

For information regarding the Company s
investment portfolio, see Note 5 and Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Loan Portfolio  

Lending is one of the Company s primary
business activities. The Company s loan portfolio consists of residential, construction and development, commercial and consumer
loans, serving the diverse customer base in its market area. The composition of the Company s portfolio continues to change
due to the local economy. Factors such as the economic climate, interest rates, real estate values and employment all contribute
to these changes. Growth is generated through business development efforts, repeat customer requests for new financings, penetration
into existing markets and entry into new markets. 

At September 30, 2016, total gross loans amounted
to $578.4 million, an increase of $184.2 million or 46.7 percent as compared to September 30, 2015. For the year ended September
30, 2016, growth of $181.2 million in commercial loans and $20.8 million in construction and development loans were partially offset
by decreases of $5.8 million in residential mortgage loans and $12.0 million in total consumer loans. Even though the Company continues
to be challenged by the competition for lending relationships that exist within its market, growth in volume has been achieved
through successful lending sales efforts to build on continued customer relationships. 

Total average loan volume increased $123.8
million or 32.2 percent in fiscal 2016, while the portfolio yield decreased by 11 basis points compared with fiscal 2015. The increased
total average loan volume was due in part to enhanced visibility in the Company s markets coupled with the aggressive business
development activities of its sales team and the opening of our location in Villanova, Pennsylvania, and our Private Banking Loan
Production headquarters in Morristown, New Jersey. The volume related factors during the period contributed increased revenue of
$5.3 million, while the rate related changes decreased revenue by $589,000. Total average loan volume increased to $508.0 million
with a net interest yield of 4.18 percent, compared to $384.1 million with a yield of 4.29 percent for the year ended September
30, 2015. The Company seeks to create growth in commercial lending by offering sound products and competitive pricing and by capitalizing
on new and existing relationships in its market area. Products are offered to meet the financial requirements of the Company s
clients. It is the objective of the Company s credit policies to diversify the commercial loan portfolio to limit concentrations
in any single industry. 

The loan portfolio is segmented into residential
mortgage loans, construction and development loans, commercial loans and consumer loans. The residential mortgage loan segment
has one class, one- to four-family first lien residential mortgage loans. The construction and development loan segment consists
of the following classes: residential and commercial construction loans and land loans. Residential construction loans are made
for the acquisition of and/or construction on a lot or lots on which a residential dwelling is to be built and occupied by the
home-owner. Commercial construction loans are made for the purpose of acquiring, developing and constructing a commercial use structure
and for acquisition, development and construction of residential properties by residential developers. The commercial loan segment
consists of the following classes: commercial real estate loans, multi-family real estate loans, and other commercial loans, which
are also generally known as commercial and industrial loans or commercial business loans. The consumer loan segment consists of
the following classes: home equity lines of credit, second mortgage loans and other consumer loans, primarily unsecured consumer
lines of credit. 

Residential Lending.  Residential mortgages
include loans secured by first liens on residential real estate, and are generally made to existing customers of the Bank to purchase
or refinance primary and secondary residences. Our residential real estate loans totaled $209.2 million at September 30, 2016,
a decrease of $5.8 million, or 2.7%, compared to $215.0 million at September 30, 2015. 

Construction and Development Loans. 
Construction and development loans are loans to finance the construction of commercial or residential properties secured by first
liens on such properties. We generally limit construction loans to builders and developers with whom we have an established relationship,
or who are otherwise known to officers of the Bank. Our construction and development loans totaled $28.6 million at September 30,
2016, an increase of $20.8 million, or 265.7%, compared to $7.8 million at September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, our residential and
commercial construction loans totaled $18.6 million, an increase of $12.9 million, or 227.3 percent, compared to $5.7 million at
September 30, 2015. Our land loans totaled $10.0 million, an increase of $7.9 million or 367.5 percent, compared to $2.1 million
at September 30, 2015. 

Commercial Lending.    Commercial
loans are loans made for business purposes and are primarily secured by collateral such as cash balances with the Bank, marketable
securities held by or under the control of the Bank, business assets including accounts receivable, inventory and equipment and
liens on commercial and residential real estate. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by first liens on completed
commercial properties, including multi-family properties, to purchase or refinance such properties. 

Our commercial real estate totaled $231.4 million
at September 30, 2016, an increase of $143.8 million, or 163.9 percent, compared to $87.7 million at September 30, 2015. 

Our multi-family loans totaled $19.5 million
at September 30, 2016, an increase of $12.1 million or 162.2 percent, compared to $7.4 million at September 30, 2015. 

Our commercial business loans totaled $38.8
million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $25.4 million or 189.8 percent, compared to $13.4 million at September 30, 2015. 

Consumer Lending.    In our efforts
to provide a full range of financial services to our customers, we offer automobile loans, unsecured personal loans and loans secured
by deposits. 

Our consumer loans totaled $50.9 million at
September 30, 2016, a decrease of $12.0 million, or 19.1 percent, compared to $62.9 million at September 30, 2015. Our home equity
loans totaled $19.8 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $3.2 million, or 13.8 percent, compared to $22.9 million at September
30, 2015. Second mortgages totaled $29.2 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $8.4 million or 22.4 percent, compared to
$37.6 million at September 30, 2015. 

The following table presents information regarding
the components of the Company s loan portfolio on the dates indicated. 

The following table presents the contractual
maturity of our loans held in portfolio at September 30, 2016. The table does not include the effect of prepayments or scheduled
principal amortization. Loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity and overdraft loans are reported as being due in
one year or less. 

For
additional information regarding loans, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Allowance
for Loan Losses and Related Provision  

The allowance for loan losses is a reserve
established through charges to earnings in the form of a provision for loan lease losses. We maintain an allowance for loan losses
at a level considered adequate to provide for all known and probable incurred losses in the portfolio. The level of the allowance
is based on management s evaluation of estimated losses in the portfolio, after consideration of risk characteristics of
the loans and prevailing and anticipated economic conditions. Loan charge-offs (i.e., loans judged to be uncollectible) are charged
against the reserve and any subsequent recovery is credited. Our officers analyze risks within the loan portfolio on a continuous
basis and through an external independent loan review function, and the results of the loan review function are also reviewed by
our Audit Committee. A risk system, consisting of multiple grading categories for each portfolio class, is utilized as an analytical
tool to assess risk and appropriate reserves. In addition to the risk system, management further evaluates risk characteristics
of the loan portfolio under current and anticipated economic conditions and considers such factors as the financial condition of
the borrower, past and expected loss experience, and other factors which management feels deserve recognition in establishing an
appropriate reserve. These estimates are reviewed at least quarterly and, as adjustments become necessary, they are recognized
in the periods in which they become known. Although management strives to maintain an allowance it deems adequate, future economic
changes, deterioration of borrowers  creditworthiness, and the impact of examinations by regulatory agencies all could cause
changes to our allowance for loan losses. 

At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan
losses was $5.4 million, an increase of $767,000 or 16.4%, from $4.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. Net charge-offs
totaled $180,000 during fiscal 2016 and $12,000 for fiscal 2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans receivable
was 0.94% at September 30, 2016 and 1.18% at September 30, 2015. 

Five-Year Statistical
Allowance for Loan Losses  

The following table reflects the relationship
of loan volume, the provision and allowance for loan losses and net charge-offs for the past five years. 

For
additional information regarding loans, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Implicit in the lending function is the fact
that loan losses will be experienced and that the risk of loss will vary with the type of loan being made, the creditworthiness
of the borrower and prevailing economic conditions. The allowance for loan losses has been allocated in the table below according
to the estimated amount deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide for the possibility of losses being incurred within the following
categories of loans at September 30, for each of the past five years. 

The table below shows, for three types of loans,
the amounts of the allowance allocable to such loans and the percentage of such loans to total loans. 

Asset Quality  

The Company manages asset quality and credit
risk by maintaining diversification in its loan portfolio and through review processes that include analysis of credit requests
and ongoing examination of outstanding loans, delinquencies, and potential problem loans, with particular attention to portfolio
dynamics and mix. The Company strives to identify loans experiencing difficulty early enough to correct the problems, to record
charge-offs promptly based on realistic assessments of current collateral values and cash flows, and to maintain an adequate allowance
for loan losses at all times. 

It is generally the Company s policy
to discontinue interest accruals once a loan is past due as to interest or principal payments for a period of ninety days. When
a loan is placed on non-accrual status, interest accruals cease and uncollected accrued interest is reversed and charged against
current income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are applied against principal. A loan may be restored to an accruing basis
when it again becomes well-secured, all past due amounts have been collected and the borrower continues to make payments for the
next six months on a timely basis. Accruing loans past due 90 days or more are generally well-secured and in the process of collection.
For additional information regarding loans, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Non-Performing and
Past Due Loans and OREO  

Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans
and accruing loans which are contractually past due 90 days or more. Non-accrual loans represent loans on which interest accruals
have been suspended. In general, it is the policy of management to consider the charge-off of loans at the point they become past
due in excess of 90 days, with the exception of loans that are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Non-performing
assets include non-performing loans and other real estate owned. Troubled debt restructured loans represent loans to borrowers
experiencing financial difficulties on which a concession was granted, such as a reduction in interest rate which is lower than
the current market rate for new debt with similar risks, or modified repayment terms, and are performing under the restructured
terms. Such loans, as long as they are performing in accordance with their restructured terms, are not included within the Company s
non-performing loans. For additional information regarding loans, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following table sets forth, as of the dates
indicated, the amount of the Company s non-accrual loans, accruing loans past due 90 days or more, other real estate owned
(  OREO  ) and troubled debt restructurings. 

At September 30, 2016, non-performing assets
totaled $2.3 million, or 0.28% of total assets, as compared with $2.6 million, or 0.39%, at September 30, 2015. The reduction in
non-performing assets from September 30, 2015 was attributable to two commercial loans to one borrower with an outstanding balance
of approximately $492,000 at September 30, 2015 which were returned to accruing status during fiscal 2016, as well as, $117,000
in charge-offs, payments of $212,000, offset in part by the addition of seven single residential loans (totaling approximately
$658,000), one commercial real estate loan (totaling approximately $193,000) and six consumer loans (totaling approximately $186,000)
into non-accrual status.  In addition, the Company reduced other real estate owned at September 30, 2016 to zero as compared
to $1.2 million at September 30, 2015. The decrease was attributable to three single residential loans and one commercial real
estate loan sold during the fiscal 2016. The decrease in REO at September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015, was due to $1.2
million of sales of REO, at a net gain of $19,000, as well as $20,000 in reduction to fair value which are reflected in other REO
expense during fiscal 2016. 

Troubled debt restructured loans, totaled $2.2
million and $1.6 million at September 30, 2016 and at September 30, 2015. A total of $2.0 and $1.1 million of troubled debt restructured
loans were performing pursuant to the terms of their respective modifications at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
At September 30, 2016, all except one troubled debt restructured loan with an outstanding balance of approximately $139,000, were
deemed performing, while $492,000 in troubled debt restructured loans were deemed non-performing at September 30, 2015. The increase
in performing troubled debt restructured loans at September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the two
commercial loans to one borrower, with an outstanding balance of approximately $492,000 at September 30, 2015, being returned to
accruing status, as well as one residential mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of $85,000 and one commercial loan with an
outstanding balance of $386,000 being classified as a performing TDR fiscal 2016. 

Total non-performing assets decreased $1.8
million from September 30, 2014 to September 30, 2015. The reduction in non-performing assets from September 30, 2014 was achieved
notwithstanding the addition of one new residential loan (totaling approximately $40,000), one construction and development loan
(totaling approximately $12,000), two commercial loans (totaling approximately $97,000), and two second mortgage loans (totaling
approximately $41,000) into non-performing status. This was more than offset by decreases from pay-downs and pay offs of $527,000
of non-performing loans and the return to performing status of $368,000, while $288,000 was moved within the non-performing asset
category from non-accrual to OREO. We also sold OREO properties with an aggregate carrying value of $1.1 million with a gain of
approximately $124,000 during fiscal 2015. 

Other Income  

The following table presents the principal
categories of non-interest income for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2016. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016, total
other income decreased $202,000 compared to fiscal 2015. This was primarily as a result of a $66,000 decrease in service charges,
a $38,000 decrease in rental income, and a $163,000 decrease in earnings on bank-owned insurance, partially offset by an increase
of $50,000 in net gains on sales of investment securities, an increase of $14,000 in net gain on sale of loans and an increase
in gain on disposal of fixed assets of $1,000. Excluding net securities gains and losses, a non-GAAP measure, the Company recorded
other income of $1.8 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million for the comparable period
in fiscal 2015, a decrease of $252,000, or 12.5 percent. 

For fiscal 2015, other
income increased by $380,000 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily as a result of $432,000 increase in net securities gains, an increase
of $42,000 in service charges on deposit accounts, an increase in bank owned life insurance income of $121,000 and a decrease of
$41,000 in loss of disposal of fixed assets, offset in part by decreased income on rental income, and net gain on sale of loans.
Excluding net securities gains and losses, a non-GAAP measure, the Company had recorded other income of $2.0 million for the year
ended September 30, 2015 compared to other income, excluding net securities gains and losses, of $2.1 million for fiscal 2014,
representing an increase of $52,000 or 2.5 percent. 

The Company s other
income is presented in the table below excluding net investment security gains. 

Other Expense  

The following table presents the principal
categories of other expense for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2016. 

Total other expense decreased $39,000, or 0.3
percent, in fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015 as compared with a decrease of $2.7 million, or 16.1 percent, from fiscal 2014 to fiscal
2015. Decreases in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, primarily included a $205,000 decrease in federal deposit insurance, a
$108,000 decrease in advertising, a $108,000 decrease in data processing expense and a $200,000 decrease in other operating expenses.
These decreases were partially offset by an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $292,000, a $105,000 increase in occupancy
expense, an $112,000 increase in professional fees and a $73,000 change in other real estate owned (income) expense, net. 

Prudent management of operating expenses has
been and will continue to be a key objective of management in an effort to improve earnings performance. The Company s ratio
of other expenses to average assets decreased to 1.85 percent in fiscal 2016 compared to 2.25 percent in fiscal 2015 and 2.84 percent
in fiscal 2014. 

Salaries and employee benefits increased
$292,000 or 4.9 percent in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and decreased $1.8 million or 22.8 percent from fiscal 2014 to fiscal
2015. The increase in fiscal 2016 was primarily attributable to workforce increases. The decrease in fiscal 2015 was primarily
attributable to workforce reductions. Salaries and employee benefits accounted for 45.2 percent of total non-interest expense
in fiscal 2016, as compared to 43.0 percent and 46.7 percent in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. 

Occupancy expense for fiscal 2016 increased
by $105,000 or 6.1 percent, over fiscal 2015. Occupancy expense for fiscal 2015 decreased by $376,000 or 18.0 percent, compared
to fiscal 2014. The increase during fiscal 2016 primarily reflected the cost associated with our two new private banking / loan
production offices in Villanova, Pennsylvania and Morristown, New Jersey. The increase in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was
primarily due to an increase in rent expense of $75,000, an $11,000 increase in real estate taxes and a $15,000 increase in depreciation
expense. For the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded decreases of $21,000 in utility expense, $153,000 in insurance,
$68,000 in building and equipment maintenance expense, $109,000 in rent expense and $37,000 in real estate taxes compared to fiscal
2014. These decreases were off by an increase of $12,000 in depreciation expense. 

Federal deposit insurance premium for fiscal
2016 decreased $205,000, or 26.2 percent, compared to fiscal 2015. The decrease in the federal deposit insurance premium for fiscal
2016 is due to the termination on January 21, 2016 of the Formal Agreement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ).
For the year ended September 30, 2015, FDIC insurance expense increased $49,000 compared to fiscal 2014. 

Advertising expense for fiscal 2016 decreased
$108,000, or 44.8 percent, compared to fiscal 2015. The decrease for fiscal 2016 is due to reductions in advertising retainers.
For fiscal 2015, these expenses decreased $322,000 or 57.4 percent compared to fiscal 2014. 

Data processing expense for fiscal 2016 decreased
$108,000, or 8.7 percent, compared to the fiscal 2015. For fiscal 2015, data processing expense decreased $9,000, or 0.7 percent,
over fiscal 2014. 

Professional fees for fiscal 2016 increased
$112,000, or 7.1 percent, compared to fiscal 2015. The increase is due primarily to an $185,000 increase in legal fees and a $129,000
increase in fees associated with audit and accounting services. The increase was offset by $205,000 reduction in professional services.
Professional fees decreased $634,000 in fiscal 2015 from fiscal 2014 primarily due to reduced compliance and legal loan workout
issues due to improvements in our level of non-performing assets. 

OREO expense (income), net for fiscal 2016
changed by $73,000 or 158.7 percent, compared to fiscal 2015. The change was due to the sale of three single residential loans
and one commercial real estate loan sold during fiscal 2016. Due to the sale of such properties, there was a net gain of $19,000,
offset by a $20,000 write-down on the commercial property. OREO expense for fiscal 2015 decreased by $253,000 from fiscal 2014
due primarily to a decreased level of OREO properties. The change in other real estate owned expense was primarily due to a $500,000
insurance reimbursement of a fire claim for a property located in Melrose Park, Pennsylvania received during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2014. 

Other operating expense decreased in fiscal
2016 by approximately $200,000, or 8.1 percent, compared to fiscal 2015. The decrease during the year ended September 30, 2016
was primarily due to a $373,000 decrease in other operating expense related to $105,000 in reimbursement for an insurance claim
paid in fiscal 2015, a $27,000 decrease in OCC assessment fees, a $19,000 decrease in expenses related to director compensation
and a reduction of $14,000 in expenses related to education, subscriptions and dues. These expenses were offset by an increase
of $135,000 in business expenses related to entertainment and meals and auto expense, a $65,000 increase in telephone expense,
a $17,000 increase in contribution expense and an $11,000 increase in expenses associated with annual credit review such as appraisals.
Other operating expense increased in fiscal 2015 by approximately $128,000, or 5.5 percent, compared to fiscal 2014. The increase
in other operating expense during fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase of $121,000 in insurance and bond expense, a $274,000
increase in other operating expense and a $104,000 increase in amortization of mortgage servicing rights, offset by decreases in
various expenses. The decreases in other operating expense were due to a $139,000 decrease associated with annual credit review
such as appraisals and searches, a $61,000 decrease due to expenses related to education, subscriptions and dues, and a $127,000
decrease for third party fees associated with the dissolution of two former Delaware subsidiaries of the Company during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2014. 

Provision for Income
Taxes  

The Company recorded $6.0 million in income
tax benefit in fiscal 2016, compared to no income tax expense in fiscal 2015 and a $21,000 expense in fiscal 2014, respectively.
The change in fiscal 2016 resulted from the reversal of approximately $7.8 million representing the valuation allowance related
to net deferred tax assets. The effective tax rates for the Company for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
99.8 percent, zero percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. For a more detailed description of income taxes see Note 12 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Please refer to the note
on Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for a detailed discussion of new
accounting pronouncements. 

Asset and Liability Management  

Asset and Liability management encompasses
an analysis of market risk, the control of interest rate risk (interest sensitivity management) and the ongoing maintenance and
planning of liquidity and capital. The composition of the Company s statement of condition is planned and monitored by the
Asset and Liability Committee ( ALCO ). In general, management s objective is to optimize net interest income
and minimize market risk and interest rate risk by monitoring the components of the statement of condition and the interaction
of interest rates. 

Short-term interest rate exposure analysis
is supplemented with an interest sensitivity gap model. The Company utilizes interest sensitivity analysis to measure the responsiveness
of net interest income to changes in interest rate levels. Interest rate risk arises when an earning asset matures or when its
interest rate changes in a time period different than that of a supporting interest-bearing liability, or when an interest-bearing
liability matures or when its interest rate changes in a time period different than that of an earning asset that it supports.
While the Company matches only a small portion of specific assets and liabilities, total earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
are grouped to determine the overall interest rate risk within a number of specific time frames. The difference between interest-sensitive
assets and interest-sensitive liabilities is referred to as the interest sensitivity gap. At any given point in time, the Company
may be in an asset-sensitive position, whereby its interest-sensitive assets exceed its interest-sensitive liabilities, or in a
liability-sensitive position, whereby its interest-sensitive liabilities exceed its interest-sensitive assets, depending in part
on management s judgment as to projected interest rate trends. 

The Company s interest rate sensitivity
position in each time frame may be expressed as assets less liabilities, as liabilities less assets, or as the ratio between rate
sensitive assets ( RSA ) and rate sensitive liabilities ( RSL ). For example, a short-funded position (liabilities
repricing before assets) would be expressed as a net negative position, when period gaps are computed by subtracting repricing
liabilities from repricing assets. When using the ratio method, a RSA/RSL ratio of 1 indicates a balanced position, a ratio greater
than 1 indicates an asset-sensitive position and a ratio less than 1 indicates a liability-sensitive position. 

A negative gap and/or a rate sensitivity ratio
less than 1 tends to expand net interest margins in a falling rate environment and reduce net interest margins in a rising rate
environment. Conversely, when a positive gap occurs, generally margins expand in a rising rate environment and contract in a falling
rate environment. From time to time, the Company may elect to deliberately mismatch liabilities and assets in a strategic gap position. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company reflected
a negative interest sensitivity gap with an interest sensitivity ratio of 0.26:1.00 at the cumulative one-year position. Based
on management s perception of interest rates remaining low through 2016, emphasis has been, and is expected to continue to
be, placed on controlling liability costs while extending the maturities of liabilities in our efforts to insulate the net interest
spread from rising interest rates in the future. However, no assurance can be given that this objective will be met. 

The following table sets forth the amounts
of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities outstanding at September 30, 2016, which we expect, based upon
certain assumptions, to reprice or mature in each of the future time periods shown (the  GAP Table ). Except as stated
below, the amount of assets and liabilities shown which reprice or mature during a particular period were determined in accordance
with the earlier of term to repricing or the contractual maturity of the asset or liability. The table sets forth approximation
of the projected repricing of assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016, on the basis of contractual maturities, anticipated
prepayments, and scheduled rate adjustments within a three-month period and subsequent selected time intervals. The loan amounts
in the table reflect principal balances expected to be redeployed and/or repriced as a result of contractual amortization and anticipated
prepayments of adjustable-rate loans and fixed-rate loans, and as a result of contractual rate adjustments on adjustable-rate loans. 

(1)  Interest-earning assets are included in the period in which
the balances are expected to be redeployed and /or repriced as a result of anticipated prepayments, scheduled rate adjustments
and contractual maturities. 

(2)  For purposes of the gap analysis, loans receivable includes
non-performing loans gross of the allowance for loan losses, undisbursed loan funds, unamortized discounts and deferred loans
fees. 

(3)  Interest-rate sensitivity gap represents the net cumulative
difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

Net Portfolio Value
and Net Interest Income Analysis.  Our interest rate sensitivity also is monitored by management through the use of models which
generate estimates of the change in its net portfolio value ( NPV ) and net interest income ( NII ) over
a range of interest rate scenarios. NPV is the present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet
contracts. The NPV ratio, under any interest rate scenario, is defined as the NPV in that scenario divided by the market value
of assets in the same scenario. 

The table below sets forth
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the estimated changes in our net portfolio value that would result from designated instantaneous
changes in the United States Treasury yield curve. Computations of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rates changes are
based on numerous assumptions including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments and deposit decay, and should
not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. 

(1)  Assumes an instantaneous uniform change in interest rates. A basis point equals 0.01%.   

In addition to modeling
changes in NPV, we also analyze potential changes to NII for a twelve-month period under rising and falling interest rate scenarios.
The following table shows our NII model as of September 30, 2016. 

As is the case with the
GAP Table, certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes
in NPV and NII require the making of certain assumptions which may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs
respond to changes in market interest rates. In this regard, the models presented assume that the composition of our interest sensitive
assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and also assumes that
a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration to maturity or repricing
of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the NPV measurements and net interest income models provide an indication
of interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise
forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on net interest income and will differ from actual results. 

Estimates of Fair Value  

The estimation of fair value is significant
to a number of the Company s assets, including investment securities available-for-sale. These are all recorded at either
fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. Fair values are volatile and may be influenced by a number of factors. Circumstances
that could cause estimates of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities to change include a change in prepayment speeds,
discount rates, or market interest rates. Fair values for most available-for-sale investment securities are based on quoted market
prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience,
current economic condition risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective
in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes
in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The financial statements and notes thereto
presented elsewhere herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which require the measurement
of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing
power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of operations; unlike most
industrial companies, nearly all of the Company s assets and liabilities are monetary. As a result, interest rates have a
greater impact on performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the
same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

Liquidity  

The liquidity position of the Company is dependent
primarily on successful management of the Bank s assets and liabilities so as to meet the needs of both deposit and credit
customers. Liquidity needs arise principally to accommodate possible deposit outflows and to meet customers  requests for
loans. Scheduled principal loan repayments, maturing investments, short-term liquid assets and deposit inflows, can satisfy such
needs. The objective of liquidity management is to enable the Company to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations
in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Management monitors current and projected cash
flows, and adjusts positions as necessary to maintain adequate levels of liquidity. Under its liquidity risk management program,
the Company regularly monitors correspondent bank funding exposure and credit exposure in accordance with guidelines issued by
the banking regulatory authorities. Management uses a variety of potential funding sources and staggering maturities to reduce
the risk of potential funding pressure. Management also maintains a detailed contingency funding plan designed to respond adequately
to situations which could lead to stresses on liquidity. Management believes that the Company has the funding capacity to meet
the liquidity needs arising from potential events. The Company maintains borrowing capacity through the Federal Home Loan Bank
of Pittsburgh secured with loans and marketable securities. 

The Company s primary sources of short-term
liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had $96.8
million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $40.3 million at September 30, 2015. In addition, our investment securities available-for-sale
amounted to $66.4 million at September 30, 2016 and $128.4 million at September 30, 2015. 

Deposits  

Total deposits increased to $602.0 million
at September 30, 2016 from $465.5 million at September 30, 2015. Total interest-bearing deposits increased from $438.5 million
at September 30, 2015 to $567.5 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $129.0 million or 29.4 percent. Interest-bearing
demand, savings, money market and time deposits under $100,000 increased $75.7 million to a total of $400.4 million at September
30, 2016 as compared to $324.7 million at September 30, 2015. Time deposits $100,000 and over increased $53.3 million at September
30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015. Time deposits $100,000 and over represented 27.8 percent of total deposits at September
30, 2016 compared to 24.5 percent at September 30, 2015. We had brokered deposits totaling $58.8 million at September 30, 2016.
We had no brokered deposits at September 30, 2015. 

The Company derives a significant proportion
of its liquidity from its core deposit base. Total demand deposits, savings and money market accounts of $351.8 million at September
30, 2016 increased by $88.0 million, or 33.4 percent, from September 30, 2015. Total demand deposits, savings and money market
accounts were 58.4 percent of total deposits at September 30, 2016 and 56.7 percent at September 30, 2015. Alternatively, the Company
uses a more stringent calculation for the management of its liquidity positions internally, which calculation consists of total
demand, savings accounts and money market accounts (excluding money market accounts and certificates of deposit greater than $100,000)
as a percentage of total deposits. This number increased by $13.8 million, or 5.4 percent, from $258.1 million at September 30,
2015 to $272.0 million at September 30, 2016 and represented 45.2 percent of total deposits at September 30, 2016 as compared with
55.5 percent at September 30, 2015. 

The Company continues to place the main focus
of its deposit gathering efforts in the maintenance, development, and expansion of its core deposit base. Management believes that
the emphasis on serving the needs of our communities will provide a long term relationship base that will allow the Company to
efficiently compete for business in its market. The success of this strategy is reflected in the growth of the demand, savings
and money market balances during fiscal 2016. 

The following table depicts the Company s
core deposit mix at September 30, 2016 and 2015 based on the Company s alternative calculation: 

At September 30, 2016,
our certificates of deposit and other time deposits with a balance of $100,000 or more amounted to $167.1 million, of which $110.1
million are scheduled to mature within twelve months. At September 30, 2016, the weighted average remaining maturity of our certificate
of deposit accounts was 16.4 months. The following table presents the maturity of our certificates of deposit and other time deposits
with balances of $100,000 or more. 

Borrowings  

Borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank
( FHLB ) of Pittsburgh are available to supplement the Company s liquidity position and, to the extent that maturing
deposits do not remain with the Company, management may replace such funds with advances. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company s outstanding balance of FHLB advance, totaled $118.0 million and $103.0 million, respectively. Of the $118.0 million
in advances, $28.0 million represent long-term, fixed-rate advances maturing in 2020 that have terms enabling the FHLB to call
the borrowing at their option prior to maturity. The remaining balance of long-term, fixed rate advances totaled $55.0 million,
representing five separate advances maturing during fiscal year 2019. At September 30, 2016, there were two short-term FHLB advances
totaling $35.0 million of fixed-rate borrowing with rollover of 90 days. 

Cash Flows  

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows present
the changes in cash and cash equivalents resulting from the Company s operating, investing and financing activities. During
the year ended September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents increased by $56.5 million over the balance at September 30, 2015.
Net cash of $9.3 million was provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016, primarily, net income as adjusted to net cash. Net
income of $11.9 million in fiscal 2016 was adjusted principally by net gains on sales of investment securities of $565,000, amortization
of premiums and accretion of discounts on investment securities net of $1.2 million, an increase in other assets of $44,000 and
an increase in other liabilities of $974,000. Net cash used by investing activities amounted to approximately $104.2 million in
fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting a net decrease in investment securities of $78.6 million. Net cash of $151.4 million was provided
by financing activities in fiscal 2016, primarily from the increase in deposits of $136.5 million and an increase of $15.0 million
in FHLB advances. 

Payments Due Under Contractual Obligations  

The following table presents information relating
to the Company s payments due under contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

(1)  Includes interest payments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of
operations, the Company engages in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, are not recorded in
its financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk.
Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments, lines
of credit and letters of credit. 

The contractual amounts
of commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential accounting loss should the contract be fully drawn upon, the
customer defaults and the value of any existing collateral becomes worthless. We use the same credit policies in making commitments
and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. Financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit
risk at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

(1)  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation
of any condition established in the contract. Commitments may require payment of a fee and generally have fixed expiration dates
or other termination clauses.   

We anticipate that we
will continue to have sufficient funds and alternative funding sources to meet our current commitments. 

Shareholders 
Equity  

Total shareholders  equity amounted to
$94.6 million, or 11.5 percent of total assets, at September 30, 2016, compared to $81.4 million or 12.4 percent of total assets
at September 30, 2015. Book value per common share was $14.42 at September 30, 2016, compared to $12.41 at September 30, 2015. 

Capital  

At September 30, 2016, the Bank s common
equity tier 1 ratio was 14.24 percent, tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.79 percent, tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 14.24 percent
and the total risk-based capital ratio was 15.16 percent. At September 30, 2015, the Bank s common equity tier 1 ratio was
15.90 percent, tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.80 percent, tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 15.90 percent and the total risk-based
capital ratio was 16.99 percent. At September 30, 2016, the Bank was in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk.   

The information contained
in the section captioned  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Asset and Liability Management  in Item 7 hereof is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders  
Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Paoli, Pennsylvania  

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the
 Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Malvern Bancorp, Inc.
and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

We also have audited,
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Malvern
Bancorp, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established
in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the COSO criteria) and our report dated December 13, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Malvern
    Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries     
 
  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries     
 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries     
 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

(1)   Amounts are included in net gain on sales of securities
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in total other income. 

(2)   Amounts are included in interest and dividends on investment
securities on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries     
 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  

  Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries     
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows        

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Organizational Structure and Nature of Operations  

On May 19, 2008, Malvern Federal Savings Bank
("Malvern Federal Savings" or the "Bank") completed its reorganization to the mutual holding company form of
organization and formed Malvern Federal Bancorp, Inc. (the "Mid-Tier Holding Company") to serve as the  mid-tier 
stock holding company for the Bank. An Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) was established which borrowed approximately
$2.6 million from Malvern Federal Bancorp, Inc. to purchase 241,178 shares of common stock. Principal and interest payments of
the loan are being made quarterly over a term of 18 years at a fixed interest rate of 5.0%. 

On October 11, 2012, Malvern Bancorp, Inc.
(the  Company  or  Malvern Bancorp ) completed the  second-step  conversion from the mutual
holding company structure to the stock holding company structure pursuant to a Plan of Conversion and Reorganization. Upon completion
of the conversion and reorganization, Malvern Federal Mutual Holding Company (the  Mutual Holding Company ) and the
Mid-Tier Holding Company ceased to exist. Malvern Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania company, became the holding company for the Bank
and owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of the common stock of Malvern Federal Savings Bank. In connection with the conversion
and reorganization, 3,636,875 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Malvern Bancorp, Inc., were sold in a subscription
offering to certain depositors of the Bank and other investors for $10 per share, or $36.4 million in the aggregate, and 2,921,598
shares of common stock were issued in exchange for the outstanding shares of common stock of the former federally chartered Mid-Tier
Holding Company held by the  public  shareholders of the Mid-Tier Holding Company (all shareholders except Malvern
Federal Mutual Holding Company). Each share of common stock of the Mid-Tier Holding Company was converted into the right to receive
1.0748 shares of common stock of the new Malvern Bancorp, Inc. in the conversion and reorganization. The total shares outstanding
upon completion of the stock offering and the exchange were approximately 6,558,473. 

The Company is a Pennsylvania chartered corporation
which, since October 11, 2012, has owned all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Bank s common stock, the only shares
of equity securities which the Bank has issued. The Company does not own or lease any property, but instead uses the premises,
equipment and furniture of the Bank. At the present time, the Company employs only persons who are officers of Malvern Federal
Savings to serve as officers of the Company. The Company also uses the Bank s support staff from time to time.  These
persons are not separately compensated by Company. 

Malvern Federal Savings Bank is a federally
chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank that was originally organized in 1887. The Bank conducts business from its headquarters in
Paoli, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, as well as eight full service financial center offices in Chester and Delaware Counties,
Pennsylvania and a Private Banking Loan Production headquarters office in Morristown, New Jersey. The Bank is primarily engaged
in attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to invest in loans and investment securities. The Bank s
principal sources of funds are deposits, repayments of loans and investment securities, maturities of investments and interest-bearing
deposits, other funds provided from operations and wholesale funds borrowed from outside sources such as the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Pittsburgh (the  FHLB ). These funds are primarily used for the origination of various loan types including
single-family residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, construction and development loans, home equity
loans and lines of credit and other consumer loans. The Bank derives its income principally from interest earned on loans,
investment securities and, to a lesser extent, from fees received in connection with the origination of loans and for other services.
Malvern Federal Savings  primary expenses are interest expense on deposits and borrowings and general operating expenses. Funds
for activities are provided primarily by deposits, amortization of loans, loan prepayments and the maturity of loans, securities
and other investments and other funds from operations. 

The banking industry is highly regulated. The
Bank is supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ) and the Company is supervised by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board  or the  FRB ). 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Organizational Structure and Nature of Operations
(Continued)  

The Company and the Bank and the Bank s
subsidiary, Strategic Asset Management Group, Inc. ( SAMG ), provide various banking services, primarily accepting
deposits and originating residential and commercial mortgage loans, consumer loans and other loans through the Bank s headquarters
and eight full-service branches in Chester and Delaware Counties, Pennsylvania. SAMG owns 50% of Malvern Insurance Associates,
LLC. Malvern Insurance Associates, LLC offers a full line of business and personal lines of insurance products. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, SAMG s total assets were approximately $62,000 and $68,000, respectively. The net loss of SAMG for the
year ended September 30, 2016, was approximately $6,000 and for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, the net income was
approximately $2,000 and $5,000, respectively. The Company is subject to competition from various other financial institutions
and financial services companies. The Company is also subject to the regulations of certain federal agencies and, therefore, undergoes
periodic examinations by those regulatory agencies. 

In accordance with the subsequent events topic
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification (the  Codification 
or the  ASC ), the Company evaluates events and transactions that occur after the statement of financial condition
date for potential recognition and disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. The effect of all subsequent events that
provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the statement of financial condition date are recognized in the audited
consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements at and
for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 include the accounts of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in
the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the valuation of deferred tax assets. 

Significant Group Concentrations of Credit Risk   

Most of the Company s activities are
with customers located within Chester County, Pennsylvania. In addition to Chester County, our lending efforts are focused in neighboring
Bucks County, Montgomery County and Delaware County, which are also in southeastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and the New York metropolitan
marketplace. Note 5 discusses the types of investment securities that the Company invests in. Note 6 discusses the types
of lending that the Company engages in. The Company does not have any significant concentrations to any one industry or customer.
Although the Company has a diversified portfolio, its debtors ability to honor their contracts is influenced by, among other factors,
the region s economy. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash
and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from depository institutions and interest bearing deposits. 

The Company maintains cash deposits in other
depository institutions that occasionally exceed the amount of deposit insurance available. Management periodically assesses the
financial condition of these institutions and believes that the risk of any possible credit loss is minimal. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

The Company is required to maintain average
reserve balances in vault cash with the Federal Reserve Bank based upon outstanding balances of deposit transaction accounts. Based
upon the Company s outstanding transaction deposit balances, the Bank maintained a deposit account with the Federal Reserve
Bank of Philadelphia in the amount of $4.8 million and $3.7 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Investment Securities   

Held-to-maturity ( HTM ) are securities
that includes debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and the ability to hold to maturity. These securities are
reported at amortized cost and adjusted for unamortized premiums and discounts. Securities held for trading are securities that
are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; these securities are reported at fair value, with
unrealized gains and losses reported in current earnings. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had no investment securities
classified as trading. Debt securities that will be held for indefinite periods of time and equity securities, including securities
that may be sold in response to changes in market interest or prepayment rates, needs for liquidity and changes in the availability
of and the yield of alternative investments, are classified as available for sale. Realized gains and losses are recorded on the
trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. Securities held as available for sale are reported at fair
value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ).
Management determines the appropriate classification of investment securities at the time of purchase. 

Securities are evaluated on a quarterly basis,
and more frequently when market conditions warrant such an evaluation, to determine whether declines in their value are other-than-temporary.
To determine whether a loss in value is other-than-temporary, management utilizes criteria such as the reasons underlying the decline,
the magnitude and duration of the decline and whether or not management intends to sell or expects that it is more likely than
not that it will be required to sell the security prior to an anticipated recovery of the fair value. The term  other-than-temporary 
is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent, but indicates that the prospects for a near-term recovery of value is
not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying
value of the investment. Once a decline in value for a debt security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the other-than-temporary
impairment is separated into (a) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in cash flows expected
to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss) and (b) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related
to all other factors. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings.
The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income. 

Loans Receivable   

The Company, through the Bank, grants mortgage,
construction, commercial and consumer loans to customers. Substantially all of our loans are to individuals, businesses and real
estate developers in Chester County, Pennsylvania and neighboring areas in southern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and the New York metropolitan
marketplace. The ability of the Company s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon, among other factors, the real
estate and general economic conditions in this area. 

Loans receivable that management has the intent
and ability to hold until maturity or payoff are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal balances, net of an allowance for
loan losses and any deferred fees and costs. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees
and costs are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the yield (interest income) of the related loans using the interest method.
The Company is amortizing these amounts over the contractual lives of the loans. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

The loans receivable portfolio is segmented
into residential loans, construction and development loans, commercial loans and consumer loans. The residential loan segment has
one class, one- to four-family first lien residential mortgage loans. The construction and development loan segment consists of
the following classes: residential and commercial and land loans. Residential construction loans are made for the acquisition of
and/or construction on a lot or lots on which a residential dwelling is to be built. Commercial construction loans are made for
the purpose of acquiring, developing and constructing a commercial structure. The commercial loan segment consists of the following
classes: commercial real estate loans, multi-family real estate loans, and other commercial loans, which are also generally known
as commercial and industrial loans or commercial business loans. The consumer loan segment consists of the following classes: home
equity lines of credit, second mortgage loans and other consumer loans, primarily unsecured consumer lines of credit. 

For all classes of loans receivable, the accrual
of interest is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management has
serious doubts about further collection of principal or interest, even though the loan is currently performing. A loan may remain
on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual
status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged
against the allowance for loan losses. Interest received on nonaccrual loans, including impaired loans, generally is either applied
against principal or reported as interest income, according to management s judgment as to the collectability of principal.
Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual
terms for a reasonable period of time (generally six months) and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal
and interest is no longer in doubt. The past due status of all classes of loans receivable is determined based on contractual due
dates for loan payments. 

In addition to originating loans, the Company
purchases consumer and mortgage loans from brokers in our market area. Such purchases are reviewed for compliance with our underwriting
criteria before they are purchased, and are generally purchased without recourse to the seller. Premiums and discounts on purchased
loans are amortized as adjustments to interest income using the effective yield method. 

Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for credit losses consists of
the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The allowance for loan losses represents management s
estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the consolidated statement of financial condition date and is recorded
as a reduction to loans. Reserves for unfunded lending commitments represent management s estimate of losses inherent in
its unfunded loan commitments and is recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition. The allowance
for loan losses ( ALLL ) is increased by the provision for loan losses and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries.
Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited
to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is
determined that the repayment or collateral recovery of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential
consumer loans are generally charged off no later than when they become 120 days past due on a contractual basis or earlier in
the event of the borrower s bankruptcy or if there is an amount deemed uncollectible. Because all identified losses are immediately
charged off, no portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan or groups of loans, and the entire
allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. 

The allowance for credit losses is maintained
at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably estimated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation
of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Company s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks
in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying
collateral, the composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of specific, general
and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified
as impaired, a charge-off is recognized when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the
impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class that are
not considered impaired. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

These pools of loans are evaluated for loss
exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these classes of loans, as adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative
risk factors include: 

1.  Lending policies and procedures, including underwriting
standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices. 

2.  National, regional, and local economic and business conditions
as well as the condition of various market segments, including the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans. 

3.  The nature and volume of the loan portfolio and terms of
loans. 

4.  The experience, ability, and depth of lending management
and staff. 

5.  The volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual
loans as well as any other loan modifications. 

6.  The quality of the Company s loan review system,
and the degree of oversight by the Company s Board of Directors. 

7.  The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit
and changes in the level of such concentrations. 

8.  Value of underlying collateral. 

The qualitative factors are applied to the
historical loss rates for each class of loan. In addition, while not reported as a separate factor, changes in the value of underlying
collateral (for regional property values) for collateral dependent loans is considered and addressed within the economic trends
factor. A quarterly calculation is made adjusting the reserve allocation for each factor within a risk weighted range as it relates
to each particular loan type, collateral type and risk rating within each segment. Data is gathered and evaluated through internal,
regulatory, and government sources quarterly for each factor. 

An unallocated component is maintained to cover
uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects
the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general
losses in the portfolio. 

In addition, the allowance calculation methodology
includes further segregation of loan classes into risk rating categories. The borrower s overall financial condition, repayment
sources, guarantors and value of collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated annually for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies
arise, such as delinquent loan payments, for commercial and consumer loans. Credit quality risk ratings include categories of  pass, 
 special mention,   substandard  and  doubtful.  Assets classified as  Pass  are
those protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the underlying collateral. Assets
which do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification as substandard or doubtful but
possess certain identified weaknesses are required to be designated  special mention.  If uncorrected, the potential
weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects. An asset is considered  substandard  if it is inadequately
protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Substandard 
assets include those characterized by the  distinct possibility  that the insured institution will sustain  some
loss  if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as  doubtful  have all of the weaknesses inherent
in those classified  substandard  with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make  collection
or liquidation in full,  on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values,  highly questionable and
improbable.  

Residential Lending.   Residential
mortgage originations are secured primarily by properties located in the Company s primary market area and surrounding areas.
We currently originate fixed-rate, fully amortizing mortgage loans with maturities of 10 to 30 years. We also offer adjustable
rate mortgage ( ARM ) loans where the interest rate either adjusts on an annual basis or is fixed for the initial one,
three or seven years and then adjusts annually. 

We underwrite one- to four-family residential
mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios of up to 95%, provided that the borrower obtains private mortgage insurance on loans that
exceed 80% of the appraised value or sales price, whichever is less, of the secured property. We also require that title insurance,
hazard insurance and, if appropriate, flood insurance be maintained on all properties securing real estate loans. We require that
a licensed appraiser from our list of approved appraisers perform and submit to us an appraisal on all properties secured by a
first mortgage on one- to four-family first mortgage loans. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

In underwriting one- to four-family residential
mortgage loans, the Company evaluates both the borrower s ability to make monthly payments and the value of the property
securing the loan. Most properties securing real estate loans made by the Company are appraised by independent fee appraisers
approved by the Board of Directors. The Company generally requires borrowers to obtain an attorney s title opinion or title
insurance, and fire and property insurance (including flood insurance, if necessary) in an amount not less than the amount of the
loan. Real estate loans originated by the Company generally contain a  due on sale  clause allowing the Company
to declare the unpaid principal balance due and payable upon the sale of the security property. The Company has not engaged
in sub-prime residential mortgage loan originations. Our single-family residential mortgage loans generally are underwritten on
terms and documentation conforming to guidelines issued by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 

Construction and Development Lending. 
We originate construction loans for residential and, to a lesser extent, commercial uses within our market area. We generally limit
construction loans to builders and developers with whom we have an established relationship, or who are otherwise known to officers
of the Bank. Our construction and development loans currently in the portfolio typically have variable rates of interest tied to
the prime rate which improves the interest rate sensitivity of our loan portfolio. 

Construction and development loans generally
are considered to involve a higher level of risk than one-to four-family residential lending, due to the concentration of principal
in a limited number of loans and borrowers and the effect of economic conditions on developers, builders and projects. Additional
risk is also associated with construction lending because of the inherent difficulty in estimating both a property s value
at completion and the estimated cost (including interest) to complete a project. The nature of these loans is such that they are
more difficult to evaluate and monitor. In addition, speculative construction loans to a builder are not pre-sold and thus pose
a greater potential risk than construction loans to individuals on their personal residences. In order to mitigate some of the
risks inherent in construction lending, we inspect properties under construction, review construction progress prior to advancing
funds, work with builders with whom we have established relationships, require annual updating of tax returns and other financial
data of developers and obtain personal guarantees from the principals. 

Commercial Lending.   Commercial
and multi-family real estate loans generally present a higher level of risk than loans secured by one- to four-family residences. This
greater risk is due to several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the
effect of general economic conditions on income producing properties and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring
these types of loans. Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by commercial and multi-family real estate is typically
dependent upon the successful operation of the related real estate project. If the cash flow from the project is reduced (for
example, if leases are not obtained or renewed, or a bankruptcy court modifies a lease term, or a major tenant is unable to fulfill
its lease obligations), the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

Most of the Company s commercial business
loans have been extended to finance local and regional businesses and include short-term loans to finance machinery and equipment
purchases, inventory and accounts receivable. The commercial business loans which we originate may be either a revolving line
of credit or for a fixed term of generally 10 years or less. Interest rates are adjustable, indexed to a published prime rate of
interest, or fixed. Generally, equipment, machinery, real property or other corporate assets secure such loans. Personal guarantees
from the business principals are generally obtained as additional collateral. 

Consumer Lending.  The Company currently
originates most of its consumer loans in its primary market area and surrounding areas. The Company originates consumer loans
on both a direct and indirect basis. Consumer loans generally have higher interest rates and shorter terms than residential mortgage
loans; however, they have additional credit risk due to the type of collateral securing the loan or in some case the absence of
collateral. As a result of the declines in the market value of real estate and the deterioration in the overall economy, we are
continuing to evaluate and monitor the credit conditions of our consumer loan borrowers and the real estate values of the properties
securing our second mortgage loans as part of our on-going efforts to assess the overall credit quality of the portfolio in connection
with our review of the allowance for loan losses. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

Consumer loans may entail greater credit risk
than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans which are unsecured or are secured by rapidly depreciable
assets, such as automobiles or recreational equipment. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer
loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage,
loss or depreciation. In addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability,
and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances.  Furthermore, the application of various federal
and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 

Once all factor adjustments are applied, general
reserve allocations for each segment are calculated, summarized and reported on the ALLL summary. ALLL final schedules, calculations
and the resulting evaluation process are reviewed quarterly. 

In addition, Federal bank regulatory agencies,
as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses and may require
the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of
their examination. Based on management s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the current level
of the allowance for loan losses is adequate. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or
interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment
include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due.
Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

An allowance for loan losses is established
for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of substantially all of
the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan s collateral. 

For commercial loans secured by real estate,
estimated fair values are determined primarily through third-party appraisals. When a real estate secured loan becomes impaired,
a decision is made regarding whether an updated appraisal of the real estate is necessary. This decision is based on various considerations,
including the age of the most recent appraisal, the loan-to-value ratio based on the original appraisal and the condition of the
property. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be
the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. 

For commercial and industrial loans secured
by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based
on the borrower s financial statements, inventory reports, accounts receivable aging or equipment appraisals or invoices.
Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of
the assets. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings   

Loans whose terms are modified are classified
as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing
financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring may be modified by means of extending the maturity
date of the loan, reducing the interest rate on the loan to a rate which is below market, a combination of rate adjustments and
maturity extensions, or by other means including covenant modifications, forbearances or other concessions. However, the Company
generally only restructures loans by modifying the payment structure to interest only or by reducing the actual interest rate. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

We do not accrue interest on loans that were
non-accrual prior to the troubled debt restructuring until they have performed in accordance with their restructured terms for
a period of at least six months. We continue to accrue interest on troubled debt restructurings which were performing in accordance
with their terms prior to the restructure and continue to perform in accordance with their restructured terms. Management evaluates
the ALLL with respect to TDRs under the same policy and guidelines as all other performing loans are evaluated with respect to
the ALLL. 

Loan Servicing   

Servicing assets are recognized as separate
assets when rights are acquired through purchase or through sale of financial assets. For sales of mortgage loans, a portion of
the cost of originating the loan is allocated to the servicing right based on relative fair value. Fair value is based on market
prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively is based on a valuation model that calculates
the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants
would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as the cost to service, the discount rate, the custodial earnings rate,
an inflation rate, ancillary income, prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. Capitalized servicing rights are reported
in other assets and are amortized into other expense in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing
income of the underlying financial assets. 

Servicing assets are evaluated for impairment
based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to amortized cost. Impairment is determined by stratifying rights into tranches
based on predominant risk characteristics, such as interest rate, loan type and investor type. Impairment is recognized through
a valuation allowance for an individual tranche, to the extent that fair value is less than the capitalized amount for the tranche.
If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists for a particular tranche, a reduction
of the allowance may be recorded as an increase to income. The Company also sells loans in the secondary market with serving released. 

Other Real Estate Owned   

Assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan
foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis.
Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of the previously
established carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation
allowance are included in other expenses from other real estate owned. 

Restricted Stock   

Restricted stock represents required investments
in the common stock of a correspondent bank and is carried at cost. As of September 30, 2016, restricted stock consists of the
common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh ( FHLB ) and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ( ACBB ).
As of September 30, 2015, restricted stock consists solely of the common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh ( FHLB ). 

Management s evaluation and determination
of whether these investments are impaired is based on their assessment of the ultimate recoverability of their cost rather than
by recognizing temporary declines in value. The determination of whether a decline affects the ultimate recoverability of an investment s
cost is influenced by criteria such as (1) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital
stock amount for the FHLB and the length of time this situation has persisted, (2) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required
by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance of the FHLB, and (3) the impact of
legislative and regulatory changes on institutions and, accordingly, on the customer base of the FHLB. 

During the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, there were net repurchases of restricted stock of $659,000 and $1.3 million, respectively. Also as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 the number of FHLB shares was 53,441 and 47,651, respectively. There were approximately $250,000, $311,000 and
$123,000 of dividends on FHLB stock received or recognized in income for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment is carried at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line and accelerated methods over estimated useful lives ranging from 3 to 39 years
beginning when assets are placed in service. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in income for the period. The cost of maintenance
and repairs is charged to income as incurred. 

Transfers of Financial Assets   

Transfers of financial assets are accounted
for as sales when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when
(1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it
from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective
control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance   

The Company invests in bank owned life insurance
( BOLI ) as a source of funding for employee benefit expenses. BOLI involves the purchasing of life insurance by the
Bank on a chosen group of employees. The Bank is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. This life insurance investment is carried
at the cash surrender value of the underlying policies. Earnings from the increase in cash surrender value of the policies are
included in other income on the statement of operations. 

Employee Benefit Plans   

The Bank s 401(k) plan allows eligible
participants to set aside a certain percentage of their salaries before taxes. The Company may elect to match employee contributions
up to a specified percentage of their respective salaries in an amount determined annually by the Board of Directors. The Company s
matching contribution related to the plan resulted in expenses of $90,000, $64,000, and $118,000, for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014,
respectively. There were no bonus matching contributions for fiscal years 2016, 2015 or 2014. 

The Company also maintains an unfunded Supplemental
Executive and a Director Retirement Plan (the  Plans ). The accrued amount for the Plans included in other liabilities
was $1.1 million and $1.2 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Distributions made to directors for the fiscal
year 2016 and 2015 were approximately $4,000 and $13,000, respectively. The (benefit)/expense associated with the Plans for the
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $11,000, ($24,000), and $78,000, respectively. At fiscal 2015, the benefit associated
with the Plans was due to the Plan being frozen at September 30, 2014 and the Company had to credit fiscal 2015 accruals for the
first quarter of fiscal 2015. 

Derivatives and Hedging   

The Company records cash flow hedges at the
inception of the derivative contract based on the Company s intentions and belief as to likely effectiveness as a hedge.
The Company documents the strategy for entering into the transactions and the method of assessing ongoing effectiveness. Cash flow
hedges represent a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized
asset or liability. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is
reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The changes in the fair value
of derivatives that are not highly effective in hedging the changes in fair value or expected cash flows of the hedged item are
recognized immediately in current earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are
reported currently in earnings, as noninterest income. 

Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify
for hedge accounting are recorded in interest income or interest expense, based on the item being hedged. Net cash settlements
on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in noninterest income. Cash flows on hedges are classified
in the cash flow statement the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged. To determine fair value, the Company uses third
party pricing models that incorporate assumptions about market conditions and risks that are current at the reporting date. The
Company does not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

The Company also formally assesses, both
at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivative instruments that are used are highly effective in
offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. The Company discontinues hedge accounting when it determines
that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item, the derivative
is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, a hedged firm commitment is no longer firm, or
treatment of the derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended. 

When hedge accounting is discontinued,
subsequent changes in fair value of the derivative are recorded as noninterest income. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued but
the hedged cash flows or forecasted transactions are still expected to occur, gains or losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive
income are amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transactions will affect earnings. 

Advertising Costs    

The Company follows the policy of charging
the costs of advertising to expense as incurred. 

Income Taxes    

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. These calculations are based on many complex factors including estimates of the timing of reversals
of temporary differences, the interpretation of federal income tax laws and a determination of the differences between the tax
and the financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates and
interpretations used in determining the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities. 

A valuation allowance is required to be
recognized if it is  more likely than not  that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company s
policy is to evaluate the deferred tax asset on a quarterly basis and record a valuation allowance for our deferred tax asset if
we do not have sufficient positive evidence indicating that it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset
will be realized. The Company s policy is to account for interest and penalties as components of income tax expense. 

Commitments and Contingencies    

In the ordinary course of business, the
Company has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments consisting of commitments to extend credit and standby letters
of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in the statement of financial condition when they are funded. 

Segment Information    

The Company has one reportable segment,
 Community Banking.  All of the Company s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and assessed
based on how each of the activities of the Company supports the others. For example, lending is dependent upon the ability of
the Company to fund itself with deposits and other borrowings and manage interest rate and credit risk. Accordingly, all significant
operating decisions are based upon analysis of the Company as one segment or unit. 

Comprehensive Income    

Accounting principles generally require
that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities,
such as unrealized gains and losses on available for sale investment securities, are reported as a separate component of the shareholders 
equity section of the statement of financial condition, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

For securities transferred from available
for sale to held to maturity, the Company records the amortization and/or accretion of unrealized holding losses on such investment
securities, in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

The Company also records changes in the
fair value of interest rate derivatives used in its cash flow hedging activities, net of deferred income tax, in accumulated other
comprehensive income. 

Reclassifications    

Certain reclassifications have been made
to the previous years  consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year s presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the Company s results of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In October 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic
740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  . The ASU  requires
an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory at the time that the
transfer occurs. Current guidance does not require recognition of tax consequences until the asset is eventually sold to a third
party.   ASU 2016-16 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted as of the first interim period presented in a year .
The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) . The ASU is intended to reduce the diversity in practice around how certain
transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim
and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  The ASU requires
an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking
information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted,
although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue
to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends
the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company
has not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-12  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. 
The guidance is intended to clarify the guidance previously issued in May 2014 related to the recognition of revenue from contracts
with customers. The updated guidance includes narrow-scope improvements intended to address implementation issues and to provide
additional practical expedients in the guidance. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  The guidance
is intended to clarify the guidance previously issued in May 2014 related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers.
The updated guidance is intended to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services
in a contract and to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance regarding the licensing of intellectual
property. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the
adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee share-Based Payment Accounting.  The new guidance
simplifies certain aspects related to income taxes, statement of cash flows, and forfeitures when accounting for share-based payment
transactions. This new guidance will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016,
with earlier adoption permitted. Certain of the amendments related to timing of the recognition of tax benefits and tax withholding
requirements should be applied using a modified retrospective transition method. Amendments related to the presentation of the
statement of cash flows should be applied retrospectively. All other provisions may be applied on a prospective or modified retrospective
basis. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
  Leases (Topic 842) .   The
guidance in this update supersedes the current lease accounting guidance for both the lessees and lessors under ASC 840, Leases.
The new guidance requires lessees to evaluate whether a lease is a finance lease using criteria that are similar to what lessees
use today to determine whether they have a capital lease. Leases not classified as finance leases are classified as operating leases.
This classification will determine whether the lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line
basis over the term of the lease. The lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases
with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted
for similar to today s guidance for operating leases. The new guidance will require lessors to account for leases using an
approach that is substantially similar to the existing guidance for sales-type, direct financing leases and operating leases. This
new guidance will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2018, with earlier adoption
permitted. Adoption of the amendment must be applied on a modified retrospective approach . The Company is currently evaluating
the effect that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. 
The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The ASU affects public and private
companies, not-for-profit organizations, and employee benefit plans that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. ASU
No. 2016-01 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating
the effect that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  The
FASB is issuing the amendments in this Update as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the Simplification
Initiative). The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the
information provided to users of financial statements. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amendments in
this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial
position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current
requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single
amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. ASU No. 2015-17 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will
be effective upon the issuance of this Update. The Company has evaluated the standard and determined that it has no effect on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 3   Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

Basic earnings per common share is computed
based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding reduced by unearned ESOP shares. Diluted earnings per share is computed
based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding and common stock equivalents ( CSEs ) that would arise from
the exercise of dilutive securities reduced by unearned ESOP shares. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company
issued stock options to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock, as well as 1,930 restricted shares, which are considered CSEs. At
September 30, 2016, all restricted stocks were anti-dilutive. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company
did not issue and did not have any outstanding CSEs. 

The following table sets forth the composition
of the weighted average shares (denominator) used in the earnings per share computations. 

Note 4   Employee
Stock Ownership Plan  

The Company established an employee
stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) for substantially all of its full-time employees. As of September 30, 2016, the
current ESOP trustee is Pentegra. Shares of the Company s common stock purchased by the ESOP are held until released
for allocation to participants. Shares released are allocated to each eligible participant based on the ratio of each such
participant s base compensation to the total base compensation of all eligible plan participants. As the unearned
shares are committed to be released and allocated among participants, the Company recognizes compensation expense equal to
the fair value of the ESOP shares during the periods in which they become committed to be released. To the extent that the
fair value of the ESOP shares released differs from the cost of such shares, the difference is charged or credited to
additional paid-in capital. During the period from May 20, 2008 to September 30, 2008, the ESOP purchased 241,178 shares of
the common stock for approximately $2.6 million, an average price of $10.86 per share, which was funded by a loan from
Malvern Federal Bancorp, Inc. (the Company s predecessor). The ESOP loan is being repaid principally from the
Bank s contributions to the ESOP. The loan, which bears an interest rate of 5%, is being repaid in quarterly
installments through 2026. Shares are released to participants proportionately as the loan is repaid. During years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, there were 14,400, 14,400 and 14,400 shares, respectively, committed to be released. At September 30, 2016, there were 143,565 unallocated
shares and 115,653 allocated shares held by the ESOP. The unallocated shares had an aggregate fair value of approximately $2.4
million at September 30, 2016. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 5 - Investment Securities

The Company s investment securities
are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity at September 30, 2016 and 2015. Investment securities available-for-sale
are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses included in equity, net of tax. Accordingly, the carrying value of such
securities reflects their fair value at the balance sheet date. Fair value is based upon either quoted market prices, or in certain
cases where there is limited activity in the market for a particular instrument, assumptions are made to determine their fair value. 

Transfers of debt securities from the available-for-sale
category to the held-to-maturity category are made at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gain or loss at
the date of transfer remains in accumulated other comprehensive income and in the carrying value of the held-to-maturity investment
security. Premiums or discounts on investment securities are amortized or accreted using the effective interest method over the
life of the security as 

 an adjustment of yield. Unrealized holding gains or losses that
remain in accumulated other comprehensive income are amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the security as an adjustment
of yield, offsetting the related amortization of the premium or accretion of the discount. 

The following tables present information
related to the Company s investment securities at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 5 - Investment Securities (Continued)  

During the year ended September 30,
2015, the Company transferred at fair value approximately $57.5 million in available-for-sale investment securities to the
held-to-maturity category. The net unrealized loss at date of transfer amounted to $115,000. This will be amortized over the
remaining life of the securities as an adjustment of yield, offsetting the related amortization of the premium or accretion
of the discount on the transferred securities. No gains or losses were recognized at the time of transfer. Management
considers the held-to-maturity classification of these investment securities to be appropriate as the Company has the
positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. 

For fiscal 2016, proceeds of available-for-sale
investment securities sold amounted to approximately $62.8 million. Gross realized gains on investment securities sold amounted
to approximately $595,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $30,000 for the period. For fiscal 2015, proceeds
of available-for-sale investment securities sold amounted to approximately $70.4 million. Gross realized gains on investment
securities sold amounted to approximately $610,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $95,000 for the period.
For fiscal 2014, proceeds of investment securities sold amounted to approximately $16.8 million. Gross realized gains on investment
securities sold amounted to approximately $118,000, while gross realized losses amounted to approximately $35,000 for the period. 

The varying amount of sales from the available-for-sale
portfolio over the past few years, reflect the significant volatility present in the market. Given the historic low interest rates
prevalent in the market, it is necessary for the Company to protect itself from interest rate exposure. Securities that once appeared
to be sound investments can, after changes in the market, become securities that the Company has the flexibility to sell to avoid
losses and mismatches of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at a later time. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 5 - Investment Securities (Continued)  

The following tables indicate gross unrealized
losses not recognized in income and fair value, aggregated by investment category and the length of time individual securities
have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 5 - Investment Securities (Continued)  

As of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of the
securities disclosed above was primarily dependent upon the movement in market interest rates, particularly given the
negligible inherent credit risk associated with these securities. These investment securities are comprised of securities
that are rated investment grade by at least one bond credit rating service. Although the fair value will fluctuate as the
market interest rates move, management believes that these fair values will recover as the underlying portfolios mature and
are reinvested in market rate yielding investments. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held two municipal bonds, nine
corporate securities, 15 mortgage-backed securities and one single issuer trust preferred security which were in an
unrealized loss position. As of September 30, 2015, the Company held six U.S. government agency securities, 20 municipal
bonds, 29 corporate securities, 37 mortgage-backed securities and one single issuer trust preferred security which were in an
unrealized loss position. The Company does not intend to sell and expects that it is not more likely than not that it
will be required to sell these securities until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature. Management does not
believe any individual unrealized loss as of September 30, 2016 represents other-than-temporary impairment. 

Investment securities having a carrying
value of approximately $552,000 at September 30, 2016 were pledged to secure public deposits. At September 30, 2015 the Company
had no securities pledged to secure public deposits. 

The following table presents information
for investment securities at September 30, 2016, based on scheduled maturities. Actual maturities can be expected to differ from
scheduled maturities due to prepayment or early call options of the issuer. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related
Allowance for Loan Losses   

Loans receivable in the Company s
portfolio consisted of the following at the dates indicated: 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related
Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)  

The following table summarizes the primary
classes of the allowance for loan losses, segregated into the amount required for loans individually evaluated for impairment and
the amount required for loans collectively evaluated for impairment as of and for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related
Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related
Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related
Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)  

The following table presents impaired loans
in portfolio by class, segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance
was not necessary as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

The following table presents the average
recorded investment in impaired loans in portfolio and related interest income recognized year ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014. 

No additional funds are committed to be
advanced in connection with impaired loans. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

The following table presents the classes
of the loan portfolio summarized by loans considered to be rated as pass and the categories of special mention, substandard and
doubtful within the Company s internal risk rating system as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

The following table presents loans on which
we are no longer accruing interest by portfolio class at the dates indicated. 

Under the Bank s loan
policy, once a loan has been placed on non-accrual status, we do not resume interest accruals until the loan has been brought
current and has maintained a current payment status for not less than six consecutive months. Interest income that would have
been recognized on nonaccrual loans had they been current in accordance with their original terms was $48,000, $84,000
and $121,000 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. At September 30, 2016 there were approximately $696,000 loans past
due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. There were no loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at
September 30, 2015. 

Management further monitors the performance
and credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by whether a loan payment is  current, 
that is, it is received from a borrower by the scheduled due date, or the length of time a scheduled payment is past due. The
following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aging categories as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

Restructured loans deemed to be TDRs are
typically the result of extension of the loan maturity date or a reduction of the interest rate of the loan to a rate that is below
market, a combination of rate and maturity extension, or by other means including covenant modifications, forbearance and other
concessions. However, the Company generally only restructures loans by modifying the payment structure to require payments of interest
only for a specified period or by reducing the actual interest rate. Once a loan becomes a TDR, it will continue to be reported
as a TDR during the term of the restructure. 

The Company had seven and five loans classified
as TDRs with an aggregate outstanding balance of $2.2 million and $1.6 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
At September 30, 2016, these loans were also classified as impaired. All of the TDR loans continue to perform under the restructured
terms through September 30, 2016 and we continued to accrue interest on such loan through such date. Two commercial loans to one
borrower, with an aggregate balance of $477,000 at September 30, 2016, were returned to accruing status and consolidated
into one loan during fiscal 2016. The increase in TDRs of approximately $600,000 during fiscal 2016 was due to the addition of
one residential mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of $85,000 and a commercial loan with an outstanding balance of $386,000
were classified as a performing TDR and impaired loan. As well as, one residential mortgage loan with a balance of $139,000
was classified as a non-performing TDR and impaired loan at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2015, the two commercial
loans to one borrower with a balance of $492,000 were non-accruing. All of such loans have been classified as TDRs since
we modified the payment terms and in some cases interest rate from the original agreements and allowed the borrowers, who were
experiencing financial difficulty, to make interest only payments for a period of time in order to relieve some of their overall
cash flow burden. Some loan modifications classified as TDRs may not ultimately result in the full collection of principal and
interest, as modified, and result in potential incremental losses. These potential incremental losses have been factored into
our overall estimate of the allowance for loan losses. The level of any defaults will likely be affected by future economic conditions.
A default on a troubled debt restructured loan for purposes of this disclosure occurs when the borrower is 90 days past due or
a foreclosure or repossession of the applicable collateral has occurred. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

TDRs may arise in which, due to financial difficulties
experienced by the borrower, the Company obtains through physical possession one or more collateral assets in satisfaction of
all or part of an existing credit. Once possession is obtained, the Company reclassifies the appropriate portion of the
remaining balance of the credit from loans to OREO, which is included within other assets in the Consolidated Statements of
Condition. For any residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, the Company is considered to
possess the related collateral only if legal title is obtained upon completion of foreclosure, or the borrower conveys all
interest in the residential real estate property to the Company through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or
similar legal agreement. Excluding OREO, the Company had $141,000 and $1.2 million of residential real estate properties in
the process of foreclosure at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following table reports the performing
status of all TDR loans. The performing status is determined by the loan s compliance with the modified terms. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 6 - Loans Receivable and Related Allowance for Loan
Losses (Continued)  

The following table shows the new TDR s
for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table
sets forth the aggregate dollar amount of loans to principal officers, directors and their affiliates in the normal course of business
of the Company. 

At September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company was servicing loans for the benefit of others in the amounts of $45.4 million, $54.1 million and $59.9 million, respectively.
A summary of mortgage servicing rights included in other assets and the activity therein follows for the periods indicated: 

For the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, the fair value of servicing rights was determined using a base discount rate between 11% and 12%. The fair
market value is evaluated by a third party vendor on a quarterly basis for impairment purposes only. For the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016, we sold $6.4 million of long-term, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans with servicing released. This transaction
resulted in a gain of $116,000. For the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company only sold loans with servicing released. For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, we sold $4.1 million of long-term, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans with the servicing
retained. This transaction resulted in a gain of $102,000. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, we sold $7.7 million of
long-term, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans with the servicing retained. This transaction resulted in a gain of $71,000. 

No valuation allowance on servicing rights
has been recorded at September 30, 2016, 2015, or 2014. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 7 - Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment, net consisted of
the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Depreciation expense was approximately
$650,000, $646,000 and $638,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We also had a $41,000 loss
on disposal of fixed assets related to the closure of our Westtown branch in June 2014. 

Note 8 - Deposits   

Deposits classified by interest rates with
percentages to total deposits at September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

The total amount of certificates of deposit
of $250,000 and greater at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $13.7 million and $12.2 million, respectively. We had brokered deposits
totaling $58.8 million at September 30, 2016. We had no brokered deposits at September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense on deposits consisted
of the following for the years: 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 8 - Deposits (Continued)  

The following is a schedule of certificates
of deposit maturities. 

Deposits from related parties held by the
Company at September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $6.4 million and $5.5 million, respectively. 

Note 9 - Borrowings  

Under terms of its collateral agreement
with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh ( FHLB ), the Company maintains otherwise unencumbered qualifying assets
in an amount at least equal to its borrowings. 

Under an agreement with the FHLB, the Company
has a line of credit available in the amount of $127.8 million and $108.5 million, respectively, of which none was outstanding
at September 30, 2016 or 2015. The interest rate on the line of credit at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 0.46% and 0.34%, respectively. 

The summary of long-term borrowings as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
$118.0 million in outstanding long-term fixed rate FHLB advances and $223.0 million in potential FHLB advances available to us,
which is based on the amount of FHLB stock held or levels of other assets, including U.S. government securities, and certain mortgage
loans which are available for collateral. 

Note 10 - Derivatives  

The Company is exposed to certain risks
arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety
of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including
interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use
of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures
that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined
by interest rates. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 10 - Derivatives (Continued)  

The Company s objectives in using
interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish
this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest
rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company
making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  

The effective portion of changes in the
fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. At September
30, 2016, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with FHLB advances. The ineffective portion of
the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. The Company s derivatives did not have any
hedge ineffectiveness recognized in earnings during fiscal 2016 and 2015. 

Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive
income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate
debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates approximately $203,000 to be reclassified to earnings in interest expense.
The Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions over a maximum period of
twenty months (excluding forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments). 

The table below presents the fair value
of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Balance Sheet as of September 30,
2016 and 2015: 

Interest expense recorded on these swaps
transactions totaled approximately $272,000 and $36,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is reported
as a component of interest expense on FHLB Advances. There are no related expenses for the year ended September 30, 2014. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 10   Derivatives
(Continued)  

Cash Flow Hedge  

The following table presents the net gains
(losses) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to the cash flow
derivative instruments for the year ended September 30: 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2015     

Amount of Gain 
    (Loss) Recognized  in OCI (Effective  Portion)       
     Amount of Gain  (Loss) Reclassified  from OCI to  Interest Expense       
     Amount of Gain (Loss)  Recognized in Other  Non-Interest Income  (Ineffective Portion)     

(in thousands)     
 
     Interest Rate Contracts    
     $  348       
     $  36       
     $        

The Company has agreements with each of
its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default
where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in
default on its derivative obligations. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the fair
value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance
risk, related to these agreements was $586,000 and $195,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has minimum
collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and has posted collateral of $800,000 and $600,000,
respectively, against its obligations under these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at September
30, 2016, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value and would have been
required to pay any additional amounts due in excess of amounts previously posted as collateral with the respective counterparty. 

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements  

The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 820
 Fair Value Measurement,  to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and to determine fair value disclosures
for the Company s financial instruments. Investment and mortgage-backed securities available for sale are recorded at fair
value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on
a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans, real estate owned and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments
typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

The Company groups its assets at fair value
in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair
value. These levels are: 

Level 1     Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical
instruments traded in active markets. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

Level 2     Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar
instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based
valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 

Level 3     Valuation is generated from model-based techniques
that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect the Company s own
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. 

The Company bases its fair values on the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. It is our policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. 

Fair value measurements for assets
where there exists limited or no observable market data and, therefore, are based primarily upon the Company s or other
third-party s estimates, are often calculated based on the characteristics of the asset, the economic and competitive
environment and other factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an
actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation
technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could
significantly affect the results of current or future valuations. 

FASB ASC Topic 825  Financial Instruments 
provides an option to elect fair value as an alternative measurement for selected financial assets and financial liabilities not
previously recorded at fair value. The fair value of a financial instrument is the current amount that would be exchanged between
willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. 

The Company monitors and evaluates available
data to perform fair value measurements on an ongoing basis and recognizes transfers among the levels of the fair value hierarchy
as of the date event or a change in circumstances that affects the valuation method chosen. There were no changes in valuation
technique or transfers between levels as of and for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The tables below present the balances of
assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

For assets measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 that were still held at the end of the period, the following table provides the
level of valuation assumptions used to determine each adjustment and the carrying value of the related individual assets or portfolios
at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(2)  Fair value is generally determined through independent
appraisals of the underlying collateral primarily using comparable sales. 

(3)  Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative
factors such as time, changes in economic conditions and estimated liquidation expense. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

(2)  Includes assets directly charged-down to fair value during
the year-to-date period. 

(3)  Fair value is generally determined through independent
appraisals of the underlying collateral primarily using comparable sales. 

(4)  Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative
factors such as time, changes in economic conditions and estimated liquidation expense. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company did not have any additions to our mortgage servicing assets. For the fiscal year end 2016, the Company only sold loans
with servicing released. The following table shows active information regarding significant techniques and inputs used at September
30, 2015 for measures in a non-recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 2): 

Fair Value at  September 30,  2015       
     Valuation  Technique    
     Unobservable  Input    
     Method or Value as of  September 30, 2015  

(In thousands)       

Mortgage servicing rights    
     $  30       
     Discounted rate    
     Discount rate    
         11.00   12.00   %    
     Rate used through  modeling period  

Loan prepayment speeds    
        14.73  %    
     Weighted-average  conditional prepayment rate  

Servicing fees    
        0.25  %    
     Of loan balance  

Servicing costs    
     $  6.25       
     Monthly servicing  cost per account  

$   300   500        
     Additional monthly  servicing cost per loan  on loans more than 30  days delinquent  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

The following disclosure of the estimated
fair value of financial instruments is made in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 825. The estimated fair value amounts
have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methods. However, considerable
judgment is necessarily required to interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented
herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange. The use of different
market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. FASB ASC 825
excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate
fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

The fair value estimates presented herein
are based on pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Although management is not aware
of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued
for purposes of these financial statements since September 30, 2016 and 2015 and, therefore, current estimates of fair value may
differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 

The following assumptions were used to
estimate the fair value of the Company s financial instruments: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   These
assets are carried at historical cost. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the relatively short
time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization. 

Investment Securities   Investment
and mortgage-backed securities available for sale (carried at fair value) and held to maturity (carried at amortized cost) are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurements for these securities are typically obtained from independent
pricing services that we have engaged for this purpose. When available, we, or our independent pricing service, use quoted market
prices to measure fair value. If market prices are not available, fair value measurement is based upon models that incorporate
available trade, bid and other market information and for structured securities, cash flow and, when available, loan performance
data. Because many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, our independent pricing service s applications
apply available information through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix
pricing to prepare evaluations. For each asset class, pricing applications and models are based on information from market sources
and integrate relevant credit information. All of our securities available for sale are valued using either of the foregoing methodologies
to determine fair value adjustments recorded to our financial statements. The Company had no Level 1 or Level 3 securities as of
September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Loans Receivable   We
do not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. As such, valuation techniques discussed herein for loans are primarily
for estimating fair value for FASB ASC 825 disclosure purposes. However, from time to time, we record nonrecurring fair value adjustments
to loans to reflect partial write-downs for impairment or the full charge-off of the loan carrying value. The valuation of impaired
loans is discussed below. The fair value estimate for FASB ASC 825 purposes differentiates loans based on their financial characteristics,
such as product classification, loan category, pricing features and remaining maturity. Prepayment and credit loss estimates are
evaluated by loan type and rate. The fair value of loans is estimated by discounting contractual cash flows using discount rates
based on current industry pricing, adjusted for prepayment and credit loss estimates. 

Impaired Loans   Impaired
loans are valued utilizing independent appraisals that rely upon quoted market prices for similar assets in active markets. These
appraisals include adjustments to comparable assets based on the appraisers  market knowledge and experience. The appraisals
are adjusted downward by management, as necessary, for changes in relevant valuation factors subsequent to the appraisal date and
are considered level 3 inputs. 

Accrued Interest Receivable   This
asset is carried at historical cost. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the relatively short
time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

Restricted Stock   Although
restricted stock is an equity interest in the FHLB, it is carried at cost because it does not have a readily determinable fair
value as its ownership is restricted and it lacks a market. The estimated fair value approximates the carrying amount. 

Other Real Estate Owned   Assets
acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure are recorded at estimated fair value less estimated selling costs when
acquired, thus establishing a new cost basis. Fair value is generally based on independent appraisals. These appraisals include
adjustments to comparable assets based on the appraisers  market knowledge and experience, and are considered level 3 inputs.
When an asset is acquired, the excess of the loan balance over fair value, less estimated selling costs, is charged to the allowance
for loan losses. If the estimated fair value of the asset declines, a write-down is recorded through expense. The valuation of
foreclosed assets is subjective in nature and may be adjusted in the future because of, among other factors, changes in the economic
conditions. 

Deposits   Deposit liabilities
are carried at cost. As such, valuation techniques discussed herein for deposits are primarily for estimating fair value for FASB
ASC 825 disclosure purposes. The fair value of deposits is discounted based on rates available for borrowings of similar maturities.
A decay rate is estimated for non-time deposits. The discount rate for non-time deposits is adjusted for servicing costs based
on industry estimates. 

Long-Term Borrowings   Advances
from the FHLB are carried at amortized cost. However, we are required to estimate the fair value of long-term debt under FASB ASC
825. The fair value is based on the contractual cash flows discounted using rates currently offered for new notes with similar
remaining maturities. 

Derivatives   The fair
value of derivatives are based on valuation models using observable market data as of the measurement date (level 2). Our derivatives
are traded in an over-the-counter market where quoted market prices are not always available. Therefore, the fair values of derivatives
are determined using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs. The inputs will vary based on the type of derivative,
but could include interest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, prepayment rate, and volatility
factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs is actively quoted and can be validated through external sources,
including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. 

Accrued Interest Payable   This
liability is carried at historical cost. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the relatively short
time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization. 

Commitments to Extend Credit and
Letters of Credit   The majority of the Company s commitments to extend credit and letters of credit carry current
market interest rates if converted to loans. Because commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are generally unassignable
by either the Bank or the borrower, they only have value to the Company and the borrower. The estimated fair value approximates
the recorded deferred fee amounts, which are not significant. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights   The
fair value of mortgage servicing rights is based on observable market prices when available or the present value of expected future
cash flows when not available. Assumptions, such as loan default rates, costs to service, and prepayment speeds significantly affect
the estimate of future cash flows. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements (Continued)  

The carrying amount and estimated fair
value of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 12 - Income Taxes  

In accordance with ASC Topic 740, the Company
evaluates on a quarterly basis, all evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence,
a valuation allowance for DTAs is needed. In conducting this evaluation, management explores all possible sources of taxable income
available under existing tax laws to realize the net deferred tax asset beginning with the most objectively verifiable evidence
first, including available carry back claims and viable tax planning strategies. If needed, management will look to future taxable
income as a potential source. Management reviews the Company s current financial position and its results of operations for
the current and preceding years. That historical information is supplemented by all currently available information about future
years. The Company understands that projections about future performance are subjective. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 740, the Company
considered prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies available at September 30, 2016 that, if implemented, could prevent an
operating loss or tax credit carry-forward from expiring unused and could result in realization of the existing DTA. The Company
has no present intention to implement such strategies; however, in the event that the Company determined future earnings would
not be sufficient to realize the deferred tax asset, the Company has the ability to realize a portion of DTA through tax strategies
such as: selling available-for-sale securities in a gain position from the investment portfolio, surrendering BOLI policies, and
selling loans in a gain position from the loan portfolio, as well as sales or sale/leaseback of branch offices/office buildings
to recognize built-in gains. 

Deferred income taxes at September 30,
2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Of these DTA, the carryforward periods
for certain tax attributes are as follows: 

Gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of $12.7 million (net DTA of $4.3 million) to expire
in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2031;   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 12   Income Taxes (Continued)  

AMT credit carryforward has no expiration date; and   

Income tax expense for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was comprised of the following: 

The following reconciliation between federal
income tax at the statutory rate of 34% and the actual income tax expense (benefit) recorded on income (loss) before income taxes
for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

It is the Company s policy to provide
for uncertain tax positions and the related interest and penalties based upon management s assessment of whether a tax benefit
is more like than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no material
uncertain tax positions related to federal and state income tax matters. The Company is currently open to audit under the statute
of limitation by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities for the years ended September 30, 2013 to September
30, 2016. 

The Small Business Job Protection
Act of 1996 provides for the repeal of the tax bad debt deduction computed under the percentage-of-taxable-income method.
Upon repeal, the Company was required to recapture into income, over a six-year period, the portion of its tax bad debt
reserves that exceeds its base year reserves (i.e., tax reserves for tax years beginning before 1988). The base year tax
reserves, which may be subject to recapture if the Company ceases to qualify as a bank for federal income tax purposes, are
restricted with respect to certain distributions and have been treated as a permanent tax difference. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 13 - Leases  

Pursuant to the terms of non-cancelable
operating lease agreements expiring in September 2030, pertaining to Company property, future minimum rent commitments are (In
thousands): 

The Company receives rents from the lease
of office and residential space owned by the Company. Future minimum rental commitments under these leases are (In thousands): 

Note 14 - Commitments and
Contingencies  

The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying
degrees, elements of credit, and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the statements of financial condition. 

The Company s exposure to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented
by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional
obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 

Letters of credit are conditional commitments
issued by the Company guaranteeing payments of drafts in accordance with the terms of the letter of credit agreements. Standby
letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.
Collateral may be required to support letters of credit based upon management s evaluation of the creditworthiness of each
customer. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is substantially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities
to customers. Most letters of credit expire within one year. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the uncollateralized portion of the
letters of credit extended by the Company was approximately $1.9 million and $566,000, respectively. The current amount of the
liability for guarantees under letters of credit was not material as of September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 14   Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the following
financial instruments were outstanding whose contract amounts represent credit risk: 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company evaluates each customer s
credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension
of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but generally includes personal or commercial
real estate. 

Unfunded commitments under commercial lines
of credit are collateralized except for the overdraft protection lines of credit and commercial unsecured lines of credit. The
amount of collateral obtained is based on management s credit evaluation, and generally includes personal or commercial real
estate. 

Various legal claims arise from time to
time in the normal course of business which, in the opinion of management, will have no material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

Note 15 - Regulatory Matters  

The Bank is subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect
on the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets, liabilities
and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital amounts and classifications
are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings and other factors. 

In July of 2013, the respective U.S.
federal banking agencies issued final rules implementing Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act capital requirements to be fully
phased in on a global basis on January 1, 2019. The new regulations establish a new tangible common equity capital
requirement, increase the minimum requirement for the current Tier 1 risk-weighted asset ( RWA ) ratio, phase out
certain kinds of intangibles treated as capital and certain types of instruments and change the risk weightings of certain
assets used to determine required capital ratios. The new common equity Tier 1 capital component requires capital of the
highest quality   predominantly composed of retained earnings and common stock instruments. For community banks such as
Malvern Federal Savings Bank, a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5% became effective on January 1, 2015. The new
capital rules also increased the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0% beginning on January 1, 2015. The
rules also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which
must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital and would result in the following minimum ratios: (1) a common
equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, and (3) a total capital ratio of 10.5%.
The new capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted
assets and will increase by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution is also
subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital
level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could
be utilized for such actions. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 15 - Regulatory Matters   
(continued)  

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of tangible and
core capital (as defined in the regulations) to total adjusted tangible assets (as defined) and of risk-based capital (as defined)
to risk-weighted assets (as defined). 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
and the Bank s current capital levels exceed the required capital amounts to be considered  well capitalized 
and we believe they also meet the fully-phased in minimum capital requirements, including the related capital conservation buffers,
as required by the Basel III capital rules. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
compliance with applicable regulatory capital requirements as of September 30, 2016: 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 15 - Regulatory Matters   
(continued)  

The following table summarizes the Bank s
compliance with applicable regulatory capital requirements as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the Bank s equity determined using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US
GAAP ) and its regulatory capital amounts as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 16   Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

The components of accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) included in shareholders  equity are as follows: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) and related
tax effects are presented in the following table: 

Note 17   Equity Based Incentive
Compensation Plan  

The Company maintains the Malvern Bancorp,
Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2014 Plan ), which permits the grant of long-term incentive and
other stock and cash awards. The purpose of the 2014 Plan is to promote the success of the Company and the Bank by providing incentives
to officers, employees and directors of the Company and the Bank that will link their personal interests to the financial success
of the Company and to growth in shareholder value. The maximum total number of shares of the Company s common stock available
for grants under the 2014 Plan is 400,000. As of September 30, 2016, there were 393,070 remaining shares available for future grants. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 17 - Equity Based Incentive Compensation
Plan    (continued)  

Restricted stock and option awards granted
during fiscal 2016 vest in 20% increments beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date, and accelerate upon a change
in control of the Company. The options generally expire ten years from the date of grant. All issuances are subject to forfeiture
if the recipient leaves or is terminated prior to the awards vesting. Shares of restricted stock have the same dividend and voting
rights as common stock while options do not. 

All awards are issued at fair value of
the underlying shares at the grant date. The Company expenses the cost of the awards, which is determined to be the fair market
value of the awards at the date of grant. 

No options were granted in fiscal 2015
or 2014. In fiscal 2016, stock options covering 5,000 shares of common stock were granted. Total compensation expense related to
options granted under the 2014 Plan was $3,000 for fiscal 2016 and zero for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

During fiscal 2016, 2,240 shares of restricted
stock were awarded and 310 of those shares were forfeited. During fiscal 2015 and 2014 no shares of restricted stock were awarded.
The compensation expense related to restricted stock awards was approximately $5,000 for fiscal 2016 and zero in fiscal 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Stock-based compensation expense for the cost of the awards
granted is based on the grant-date fair value. For stock option awards, the fair value is estimated at the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially
affect the fair value estimate. Additionally, there may be other factors that would otherwise have a significant effect on the
value of employee stock options granted but are not considered by the model. Accordingly, while management believes that the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model provides a reasonable estimate of fair value, the model does not necessarily provide the best single measure
of fair value for the Company s employee stock options. 

The assumptions used in determining the
fair value of stock option grants for the year ended September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The following is a summary of currently
outstanding options at September 30, 2016: 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 17 - Equity Based Incentive Compensation
Plan    (continued)  

The table below summarizes the activity for the Company s
restricted stock outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was
$29,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares of restricted stock granted under the Plan. The cost
is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 9.25 years. 

Note 18   Condensed Financial Information - Parent
Company Only  

Condensed Statements of Financial Condition  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 18   Condensed Financial Information - Parent
Company Only (Continued)  

Condensed Statements of Operations  

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income  

(1)   Amounts are included in net gain on sales of securities
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in total other income. 

(2)   Amounts are included in interest and dividends on investment
securities on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 18   Condensed Financial Information - Parent
Company Only (Continued)  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 19   Quarterly Financial Information of Malvern
Bancorp Inc. (Unuadited)  

The following tables are a summary of certain
quarterly financial data for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure .  

Not Applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures .  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Our management evaluated,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016.
Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

Management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13(a)-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. An adequate system of internal control encompasses the
processes and procedures that have been established by management to, among other things: 

Maintain records that accurately reflect the Company s transactions;   

Prepare financial statements and footnote disclosures in accordance with GAAP that can be relied
upon by external users;   

Prevent and detect unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that
could have a material effect of the financial statements.   

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, the application of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted a review, evaluation and testing of the effectiveness of the Company s controls
over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). Management concluded that the Company s internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Remediation of Material Weakness  

Item 9A of the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, indicated that management s review of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting identified certain deficiencies which, in the aggregate, constituted a material weakness
at September 30, 2015, and described the Company s remediation plan to address such deficiencies. An internal control material
weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company s remediation efforts included: enhancement of the Company s
procedures with respect to documentation and identification of troubled debt restructurings; enhancement of the Company s
analysis and review process with respect to impaired loans; and re-evaluation of its policies and procedures regarding use of
real estate appraisers who are not on the Company s list of approved appraisers. During the quarter ended December 31, 2015,
the Company commenced the remediation efforts described in Item 9A of the fiscal 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and such efforts
continued through the quarter ended September 30, 2016. As indicated above, after completing its assessment of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, management concluded that the Company had remediated the previously
identified weaknesses. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Other than the changes described above,
no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Paoli, Pennsylvania 

We have audited Malvern Bancorp Inc. and subsidiaries
(the  Company ) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the COSO criteria). Malvern Bancorp Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
the accompanying Item 9A,  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Malvern Bancorp, Inc. maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria .

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated statement of financial condition of
Malvern Bancorp, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income
(loss), changes in shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016
and our report dated December 13, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Item 9B. Other Information .  

Not applicable. 

PART III.  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance .  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the sections captioned  Information with Respect to Nominees for Director,
Continuing Directors and Executive Officers  and  Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in the Company s definitive proxy statement
for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in February 2017 (the  Proxy Statement ). 

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct
and Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as well as other officers and employees
of the Company and the Bank. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on the Company's website at   www.malvernfederal.com  . 

Item 11. Executive Compensation .  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the sections captioned  Management Compensation  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters .  

Equity Compensation Plan Information.
 The following table provides information about the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of stock
options under our 2014 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan permits the grant of
equity awards and other awards, including stock options and restricted stock. 

Plan Category    
     Number of securities to  be issued upon exercise  of outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)       
     Number of securities  remaining available for  future issuance under  equity compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected in  column (a))  (c)     
 
     Equity Compensation Plans  Approved by Shareholders    
        5,000       
     $  16.02       
        393,070     
 
     Equity Compensation Plans Not  Approved by Shareholders    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
        5,000       
     $  16.02       
        393,070     

The remaining information required herein
is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned  Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock
by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence .  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the sections captioned  Management Compensation   Related Party Transactions 
and  Information with Respect to Nominees for Director, Continuing Directors and Executive Officers  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services .  

The information required herein is incorporated by reference
from the information contained in the section captioned  Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (Proposal Six)   Audit Fees  in the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV.  

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules  . 

(a)(1)  
      The following financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereof:   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition   

Consolidated Statements of Operations   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)  
     
         All schedules are omitted because they
        are not required or applicable, or the required information 
         is shown in the consolidated financial
        statements or the notes thereto.   

(3)  
      Exhibits   

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K and this list includes the Exhibit Index.   

No.  
       
      Description  
       
      Location   
 
      3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of Malvern Bancorp, Inc.  
       
      (1)   
 
      3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Malvern Bancorp, Inc.  
       
      (2)   
 
      4.0  
       
      Form of Stock Certificate of Malvern Bancorp, Inc.  
       
      (1)   
 
      10.1  
       
      Malvern Bancorp 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan*  
       
      (3)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Employment Agreement with Anthony C. Weagley*  
       
      (4)   
 
      10.3  
       
      Change of Control Agreement with Joseph D. Gangemi*  
       
      (5)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Change of Control Agreement with William Woolworth*  
       
      (6)   
 
      10.5  
       
      Change of Control Agreement with William Boylan   
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      23.0  
       
      Consent of BDO USA, LLP  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      31.1  
       
      Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      31.2  
       
      Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      32.0  
       
      Section 1350 Certification  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document. **  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.**  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.**  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.**  
       
      Filed herewith   

No.  
       
      Description  
       
      Location   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.**  
       
      Filed herewith   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document.**  
       
      Filed herewith   

*  Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(b)  
      Exhibits   

The exhibits listed under (a)(3) of this Item 15 are filed herewith.   

(c)  
      Reference is made to (a)(2) of this Item 15.   

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary .  

Not Applicable 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MALVERN BANCORP, INC.    

December 13, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Anthony C. Weagley   

Anthony C. Weagley   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities described below on December 13, 2016, have signed this report below. 

/s/ Anthony C. Weagley  
       
      Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)   
 
      Anthony C. Weagley  

/s/ Howard Kent  
       
      Chairman of the Board   
 
      Howard Kent  

/s/ Therese Woodman  
       
      Vice Chairman of the Board   
 
      Therese Woodman  

/s/ Cynthia Felzer Leitzell  
       
      Director   
 
      Cynthia Felzer Leitzell  

Director   
 
      John P. O Grady  

/s/ Norman Feinstein  
       
      Director   
 
      Norman Feinstein  

/ s/ Stephen P. Scartozzi  
       
      Director   
 
      Stephen P. Scartozzi  

/s/ George E. Steinmetz  
       
      Director   
 
      George E. Steinmetz  

/s/ Andrew Fish  
       
      Director   
 
      Andrew Fish  

/s/ Joseph D. Gangemi  
       
      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  (principal financial and accounting officer)   
 
      Joseph D. Gangemi  

<EX-10.5>
 2
 s104879_ex10-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT  

THIS CHANGE
OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (this   Agreement ),  is made on this  23rd
 day of May,  2016,  by and between Malvern Federal Savings Bank (the
  Company )  and William Boylan (the    Employee ). 

WHEREAS,
the Employee serves as an employee of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee desire to enter into this Agreement
to establish certain protections for the Employee in the event of Employee's termination of employment under the circumstances
described herein; and 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and promises contained herein, and intending to be bound hereby, the
parties agree as follows: 

SECTION
1  Definitions.  As used herein: 

1.1.            
    Affiliate   means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such specified Person, provided
that, in any event, any business in which the Company has any direct ownership interest shall be treated as an Affiliate of the
Company. 

1.2.            
       Base Salary  
means, as of any given date, the annual base rate of salary payable to the Employee by the Company, as then in effect;  provided,
however,  that in the case of a resignation by the Employee for the Good Reason described in Section 1.9  .3,
   Base Salary  will mean the annual base rate of salary payable to the Employee by
the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the reduction giving rise to the Good Reason.  

1.3.           
    Board   means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1.4.            
    Cause   means (i) indictment, commission of, or the entry of a plea of guilty or no contest to,
(A) a felony or (B) any crime (other than a felony) that causes the Company or its Affiliates public disgrace or disrepute, or
adversely affects the Company's or its Affiliates' operations or financial performance or the relationship the Company has with
its Affiliates, (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company or any of its Affiliates, includi ng,
without limitation fraud, embezzlement, theft or proven dishonesty in the course of his employment; (iii) alcohol abuse or use
of controlled substances (other than prescription drugs taken in accordance with a physician's prescription); (iv) refusal or
failure to perform any material obligation or fulfill any duty (other than any duty or obligation of the type described in clause
(vi) below) to the Company or any of its Affiliates, which failure or refusal is not cured within  10
 days after delivery of written notice thereof; (v) material breach of any agreement with or duty owed to the Company or
any of its Affiliates; or (vi) any breach of any obligation or duty to the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether arising by
statute, common law, contract or otherwise) relating to confidentiality, noncompetition, nonsolicitation or proprietary rights. 

1.5.                    C    han  ge
of C ontrol      means, with respect to
the Company: (i) any entity, person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than (1) the Company, (2) any of its Affiliates, (3) any employee benefit plan (or
related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates or (4) any shareholder of the Company as of
the effective date of this agreement, shall have acquired beneficial ownership of, or shall have acquired voting control
over, 50% or more of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Company (on a fully
diluted basis), unless the transaction pursuant to which such person, entity or group acquired such beneficial ownership or
control resulted from the original issuance by the Company of shares of its voting capital stock; (ii) a consolidation, share
exchange, reorganization or merger of the Company resulting in the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
event not owning at least a majority of the voting power of the resulting entity's securities outstanding immediately
following such event or, if the resulting entity is a direct or indirect subsidiary of the entity whose securities are issued
in such transaction(s), the voting power of such issuing entity's securities outstanding immediately following such event; or
(iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Company (other than a transfer of financial
assets made in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of secutitization or any similar purpose). For the avoidance
of doubt, a transaction  01  a series ofrelated transactions will not
constitute a Change of Control if such transaction(s) result(s) in the Company, any successor to the Company, or any
successor to the Company's business, being controlled, directly or indirectly, by the same Person or Persons who controlled
the Company, directly or indirectly, immediately before such transaction(s).  

1.6.            
     Code   means Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  

1.7.           
     Control   (including, with correlative meanings, the terms  Controlled
by  and  under common Control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the direct or indirect possession
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise.  

1.8.           
   Di    s  abili  ty   
   means a condition entitling the Employee to benefits under the Company's long term disability
plan, policy or arrangement;  provided, however,  that if no such plan, policy or arrangement is then maintained by the Company
and applicable to the Employee,  Disability  will mean the Employee's inability, by reason of any physical or mental
impairment, to substantially perform Employee's regular duties to the Company, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion
(after affording the Employee the opportunity to present Employee's case), which inability is reasonably contemplated to continue
for at least one year from its commencement and at least 90 days from the date of such determination.  

1.9.            
         Good   R e   aso  n 
   means, without the Employee's prior written consent, any of the following:  

1.9.1.     
 a material diminution in the Employee's authorities, duties, titles or responsibilities; 

1.9.2.       a
relocation of the Employee's principal worksite of more than 50 miles unless such relocation reduces the Employee's
commute to such worksite; 

1.9.3.    a reduction of the Employee's Base Salary of ten percent (10%) or  more; or   

1.9.4.    any material breach by the Company of this Agreement.    

However, the foregoing events
or conditions will constitute Good Reason only if (A) such event or condition occurs during the period beginning ninety (90) days
immediately preceding a Change of Control and ending twelve (12) months thereafter and (B) the Employee provides the Company with
written objection to the event or condition within 60 days following the occurrence thereof, the Company does not reverse or otherwise
cure the event or condition within 30 days ofreceiving that written objection and the Employee resigns Employee's employment within
30 days following the expiration of that cure period. 

1.10.       
   Person   means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint
venture, association, governmental entity, unincorporated entity or other entity. 

1.11.       
    R   elease   means a release substantially identical
to the one attached hereto as Exhibit  A.  

SECTION 2  Certain
Terminations Following a     Change   of C   ontrol.  

2.1.             
  Severance Events Following     a   Change of
  Control.       If
  the   Employee's employment with
the Company ceases within the twelve (12) month period following the date of a Change of Control as a result of a termination
by the Company without Cause or a resignation by the Employee for Good Reason, then the Employee will be entitled to the following:  

2.1.1.        (i)
any Base Salary earned through the effective date of termination that remains unpaid, with any such amounts paid on the
first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effective date of termination; (ii) any bonus payable with respect to
any fiscal year which ended prior to the effective date of the   Employee's   termination
of employment, which remains unpaid, with such amount paid in the first regularly scheduled payroll date following
the effective date of termination or, if later, at the same time the bonus would have otherwise been payable to the Employee;
and (iii) any expense reimbursement due to the Employee on or prior to the date of such termi nation which remains unpaid to
the Employee, with any such reimbursement being made promptly following the effective date of termination (collectively, the    Accrued  O bligations   

2.1.2.      
 a lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of the Employee's Base Salary as in effect on such date (without taking into effect
any reduction described in Section 

 1.9.3 above); and 

2.1.3.      
 if the Employee validly elects to receive continuation coverage under the Company's group health plan pursuant to the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (  C OBRA ), reimbursement of the applicable premium otherwise payable
for COBRA continuation coverage for the twelve (12) month period immediately following the effective date of termination to the
extent such premium exceeds the monthly amount charged to active similarly-situated employees of the Company for the same coverage. 

2.2.            
    Severance Events Preceding a Change of Control.   If  the
 Employee's employment with the Company ceases during the ninety (90) days immediately preceding the date of a Change of
Control as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause or a resignation by the Employee for Good Reason, then the Employee
will be entitled to the following:  

2.2.1.      
   the Accrued Obligations;  

2.2.2.      
   a lump sum cash payment to the Employee equal to 100% of the Employee's Base Salary
as in effect on such date (without taking into effect any reduction described in Section 1.9.3 above)[; and  

2.2.3.      
   if the Employee validly elects to receive continuation coverage under the Company's
group health plan pursuant to COBRA, reimbursement of the applicable premium otherwise payable for COBRA continuation coverage
for the twelve (12) month period immediately following the effective date of termination to the extent such premium exceeds the
monthly amount charged to active similarly-situated employees of the Company for the same coverage.  

Except
as otherwise provided in this Section 2, all compensation and benefits will cease at the time of the Employee's cessation of employment
and the Company will have no further liability or obligation by reason of such cessation of employment. The payments and benefits
described in this Section 2 are in lieu of (and not in addition to) any other severance plan, fund, agreement or other arrangement
maintained by the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the payments and benefits described in Section 2.1.2
and 2.1.3 or 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 (as applicable) are conditioned on the Employee's execution and delivery to the Company and the expiration
of all applicable statutory revocation periods, by the 60th day following the effective date of his cessation of employment, of
the Release. Subject to Section 2.4, below, the benefits described in Section 2.1.2 and 2.1.3 or 2.2   .  2
and 2.2.3 (as applicable) will begin to be paid or provided as soon as administratively practicable after the Release becomes irrevocable,
provided that if the 60 day period described above begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year such payments or
benefits shall not commence until the second taxable year.  

2.3.            
    Other Terminations.   If  the
 Employee's employment with the Company ceases for any reason other than as described in Section 2.1 or 2.2 above (including
but not limited to (a) termination by the Company for Cause, (b) resignation by the Employee without Good Reason, (c) termination
as a result of the Employee's Disability, or (d) the Employee's death), then the Company's obligation to the Employee will be
limited solely to the payment of accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the date of such cessation of employment. All compensation
and benefits will cease at the time of such cessation of employment and, except as otherwise provided by COBRA, the Company will
have no further liability or obligation by reason of such terminatio n   .  

2.4.                 Compliance
with Section 4 09A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no portion of the benefits or payments to  b   _   made
under Section 2.1.2 and 2.1.3 or 2.2.2 and 2.2.3 (as applicable) hereof will be payable until the Employee has a    separation
from service  from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code  .  

In   addition,
to the extent compliance with the requirements of Treas. Reg.   l.409A-3(i)(2) (or any successor provision) is necessary
to avoid the application of an additional tax under Section 409A of the Code to payments due to the Employee upon or
following his  separation from service , then notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (or any
otherwise applicable plan, policy, agreement or arrangement), any such payments that are otherwise due within six months
following the Employee's    separation   from
service  (taking into account the preceding sentence of this paragraph) will be deferred without interest and paid to
the Employee in a lump sum immediately following that six month period. This paragraph should not be construed to prevent the
application of Treas. Reg.   1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) (or any successor provision) to amounts payable hereunder. For purposes
of the application of Section 409A of the Code, each payment in a series of payments will be deemed a separate
payment.  

SECTION 3  Parachute Payments.  

3.1.             The
payments and benefits provided under Section 2 shall be made without regard to whether such payments and benefits, either
alone or in conjunction with any other payments or benefits made available to the Employee by the Company and its
Affiliates, will result in the Employee being subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code (the      x:cise
T ax )   or whether the deductibility of such payments and benefits would be
limited or precluded by Section 280G of the Code;  provided, however,  that if the Total After-Tax Payments (as defined
below) would be increased by limitation or elimination of payments or benefits provided under Section 2, then the amounts and
benefits payable under Section 2 will be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to maximize the Total After-Tax Payments.
For purposes of this Section 3,    Total   After-Tax
Payments  means the total of all    parachute   payments 
(as that term is defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) made to or for the benefit of the Employee (whether made under
this Agreement or otherwise), after reduction for all applicable taxes (including, without limitation, the Excise Tax).  If  a
reduction to the payments or benefits provided under Section 2 is required pursuant to this Section 3, such reduction shall
occur to the payments and benefits in the order that results in the greatest economic present value of all payments
and benefits actually made to the Employee.  

3.2.           
 All determinations to be made under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company in good faith. 

3.3.              As
a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the Change of
Control, it is possible that payments and benefits which will not have been made or provided by the Company should have
been made (   Underpayment ) or payments and benefits are made or provided by the Company which should not
have been made ( Overpayment ), consistent with the calculations required to be  made
hereunder. In the event that there is a final determination by the Internal Revenue Service, or a final determination by a
court of competent jurisdiction, that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment shall repaid to the Company by the
Employee within 30 days of such determination, with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section
7872(f)(2) of the Code.  1n' the event that there is a final
determination by the Internal Revenue Service, or a final determmation by a court of competent jurisdiction, any such
Underpayment shali be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the   Employee   together
with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code, within 30 days of such
determination.  

3.4.            
   Employee shall take such action (other than waiving Employee's right to any payments
or benefits) as the Company reasonably requests under the circumstances to mitigate or challenge any tax contemplated by this Section
3.  

SECTION 4 Miscellaneous. 

4.1.            
  Section 409A.  

4.1.1.       
 This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the    Code ).    If 
 any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions
under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions
will not be imposed. In no event may the Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.  

4.1.2.      
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary or otherwise, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind
benefit provided to the Employee does not constitute a  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code, and its implementing regulations and guidance, (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits
provided to the Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind
benefits provided to the Employee in any other calendar year, (ii) the reimbursements for expenses for which the Employee is entitled
to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable
expense is incurred and (iii) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged
for any other benefit. 

4.2.            
    Term     of Agreement.   
This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the duration of the Employee's employment with the Company;  provided,
however,  that after the termination of the Employee's employment, this Agreement shall remain in effect until all of the obligations
of the parties hereunder are satisfied or have expired.  

4.3.                 
  Successors and     Assigns.    This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and Employee and their respective successors, executors, administrators,
heirs and/or permitted assigns;  provided, however,  that neither Employee nor the Company may make any assignments of this
Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party, except
that, without such consent, the Company may assign this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of its assets and
business by means ofliquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, transfer of assets, or otherwise.  

4.4.            
  Governing     L  aw.   
This   Agreement   shall   be
  governed   by 
 and   construed in accordance with the laws   of
  the   Commonwealth   of
Penn   ylvania without   regard to the application of the
principles of conflicts of laws.  

4.5.             
  Waivers;      separability.       The
waiver by either party hereto of any right hereunder or any failure to perform or breach by the other party hereto shall not be
deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or any other failure or breach by the other party hereto, whether of the same or
a similar nature or otherwise. No waiver shall be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in a writing executed by or on behalf
of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each
such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other
jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.  

4.6.            
  N otices. All notices and communications that are required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or upon mailing by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, as follows: 

If   to 
the Company, to: 

Malvern Federal Savings
Bank 42 E. Lancaster Ave, Paoli, PA 19301 

 Attn: Corporate Secretary 

If   to 
Employee, to the address on file with the Company, 

or to such
other address as may be specified in a notice given by one party to the other party hereunder. 

4.7.            
    Entire     Agreement; A   mendments.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the provision of severance benefits upon
termination in connection with a Change of Control, and merges and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous discussions, agreements
and understandings of every nature relating to that subject.  

4.8.            
  W ithholding. The Company will withhold from any payments due to Employee hereunder, all taxes, FICA or other amounts
required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law. 

4.9.            
    Headings     D   escriptive.
The headings of sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the
meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.   

4.10.             Counterparts      and   F   acsimiles.    This
Agreement may be executed, including execution by electronic or facsimile signature, in one or more counterparts,   each   of
which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.  

[signature page
follows ]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

MAL VERN 
FEDERAL  SAVIN GS BANK 

/s/ Anthony C. Weagley 

 _______________________________ 

 By: Anthony C. Weagley 

Title: President   CEO 

WILLIAM BOYLAN 

/s/ William Boylan 

  _____________________________ 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-23.0>
 3
 s104879_ex23-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 23-0

EXHIBIT 23.0 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. 

 Paoli, Pennsylvania 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (No. 333-184445 and 333-207214) of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. of our reports dated December
13, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. s internal control
over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 s104879_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Anthony C. Weagley, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Malvern
Bancorp, Inc. (the  registrant ); 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;
and   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      /s/ Anthony C. Weagley   

Anthony C. Weagley   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 s104879_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Joseph D. Gangemi certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (the  registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;
and   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      /s/ Joseph D. Gangemi   

Joseph D. Gangemi   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 6
 s104879_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-0

EXHIBIT 32.0  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

Each of Anthony C.
Weagley, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Joseph D. Gangemi, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Malvern
Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that: 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  
      December 13, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Anthony C. Weagley   

Anthony C. Weagley   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

Date:  
      December 13, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Joseph D. Gangemi   

Joseph D. Gangemi   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

Note:    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
has been provided to Malvern Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.    

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 mlvf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mlvf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mlvf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mlvf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mlvf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mlvf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

