<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1652362_0001144204-16-134353_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1556279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72206</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>125694</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>263627</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>645230</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>419632</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134353.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134353
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			M III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				474787177
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37796
		FILM NUMBER:		161996043

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-716-1494

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134353.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452370_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

x   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from  __________ to __________  

Commission File Number: 001-37796 

M III ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
       
      47-4787177   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:   (212) 716-1491  

Not applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer     
       
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer  x  
       
     Smaller reporting company      
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  x  No     

As of November 14, 2016, there were 19,210,000 shares of the
Company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

M III Acquisition Corp.  

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:   

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements:  
     1  

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited)  
     1  

Condensed Statements of Operation for the three months ended on September 30, 2016 and for the period from December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     2  

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     3  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     4  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     13  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     15  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     15  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  : 

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     16  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     16  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     16  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     17  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     17  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     17  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     17  

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

M-III
    Acquisition Corp.    
 
       Condensed
    Balance Sheet    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements 

M-III
    Acquisition Corp.    
 
       Condensed
    Statement of Operations    

(1) Excludes 13,997,755 shares subject to redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the unaudited condensed financial statements 

M-III
    Acquisition Corp.    
 
       Condensed
    Statement of Cash Flows    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements 

M III Acquisition Corp.  

Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

NOTE 1   DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS  

Organization and General:  

M III Acquisition Corp. (the   Company  )
was incorporated in Delaware on August 4, 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the   Business
Combination  ). While it may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector and in any geographic
region, the Company expects to focus on businesses based in North America that engage primarily in the financial services, healthcare
services and industrials sectors. The Company is an   emerging growth company,   as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the   Securities Act,   as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the   JOBS Act  ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had not commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, the initial
public offering (  Offering  ) described below and work to identify a potential target for the initial
Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from
the proceeds derived from the Offering. 

The registration statement for the Company s initial public offering (the  Offering ) was
declared effective on July 6, 2016. On July 12, 2016 the Company consummated the Offering of 15,000,000 units ( Units 
and, with respect to the common shares included in the Units, the  Public Shares ) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $150,000,000, which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of
the Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 460,000 Units (the  Private Units  and, with respect to the common
shares included in the Private Units, the  Private Shares ), at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to
the Company s sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., the lead underwriter for the Offering ( Cantor Fitzgerald ),
generating gross proceeds of $4,600,000, which is described more fully in Note 4. 

Sponsor and Proposed Financing:  

The
Company s sponsor is M III Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and M III Sponsor I LP, a Delaware limited
partnership ( M III LLC  and  M III LP,  respectively; and collectively, the   Sponsor  ).
The Company intends to finance its initial Business Combination with proceeds from the funds raised in the $150,000,000 Offering
(Note 3) and the $4,600,000 private placement (Note 4). The $150,000,000 of net proceeds are held in the Trust Account.  In
addition to the $150,000,000 of net proceeds that were placed into the Trust Account, an overfunded amount of $3,500,000 was erroneously
placed into the Trust Account by the underwriter, which amount was refunded on July 15, 2016 (see Note 8).    

The Trust Account:  

Following the closing of the Offering
and the private placement on July 12, 2016, an amount of $150.0 million ($10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the Offering and the private placement, as well as the overfunded $3.5 million (Note 8) was placed in a United
States-based trust account ( Trust Account ) at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank maintained by Continental Stock Transfer  
Trust Company, acting as trustee, which funds may be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred
and eighty (180) days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier
of (i) the consummation of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.
The remaining proceeds outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective
acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. 

The Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or up to $50,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of the initial Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of common stock included in the Units sold in
the Offering if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by July 12, 2018 (subject to the requirements
of law). 

Business Combination:  

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds
of the Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
its initial Business Combination with (or acquisition of) a Target Business. A   Target Business   means
one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account
(less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
in   connection with the Company s
initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect its initial Business Combination.    

The Company, after signing
a definitive agreement for its initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether
they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest
but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender
offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest
but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the initial Business Combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the   transaction
would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its
initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets
upon consummation of its initial Business Combination to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with
the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.  

If the Company
holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with the initial Business Combination, a public
stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such shares of common stock are recorded at
redemption amount and classified as temporary equity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 480,   Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity.   The amount in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2016 is approximately $10.00 per Public Share
($150,031,297 held in the Trust Account divided by 15,000,000 Public Shares). 

If the Company seeks stockholder approval
of the initial Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a   group  
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 20% of the shares sold in the Offering (  Excess Shares  ). However, the Company would not be restricting
the stockholders  ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the initial Business Combination. 

The
Company must complete its initial Business Combination by July 12, 2018. If the Company does not complete its initial Business
Combination by July 12, 2018, then it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion
of the Trust Account, including interest, but less taxes payable (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses)
and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets
to its remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders have entered into letter
agreements with the Company (and Cantor Fitzgerald has agreed as part of its unit purchase agreement), pursuant to which they have
waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their initial shares; however, if the initial stockholders
or any   of the Company s officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of common stock
in or after the Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account with respect to such shares only upon
the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within
the required time period.  

In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets)
will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Offering. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has agreed that he will be liable to the Company if and to the
extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability
will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust
Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation:  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by of the SEC. Certain information or footnote
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and
footnotes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion
of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a
normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows
for the periods presented.    

Financial statements for the
period from August 4, 2015 through September 30, 2015 have not been included since results were immaterial . 

Emerging Growth Company:  

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act
exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies, but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised accounting standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

Cash, cash equivalents and
securities held in Trust Account:  

At September 30, 2016, all of the
assets in the Trust Account were invested in the J.P. Morgan 100% US Treasury Money Market Fund (199) Institutional Share Class.
As of September 30, 2016, the Trust Account had earned $31,297 in interest. The account is classified as restricted. 

Concentration of Credit Risk:  

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which
at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Financial Instruments:  

The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments FASB
ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   approximates the carrying amounts represented in
the balance sheet. 

Use of Estimates:  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Income Taxes:  

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of FASB ASC 740,   Income Taxes,   which requires an asset and liability approach
to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts
and are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
examination by taxing authorities. There were no uncertain tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognizes accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest
and penalties at September 30, 2016. 

The Company is currently not aware
of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign jurisdiction authorities
in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus
of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company s
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.
Since the Company was incorporated on August 4, 2015, the evaluation was performed for the 2015 tax year, which will be the only
period subject to examination upon filing of the appropriate tax returns. The income tax provision was deemed to be immaterial
for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Redeemable Common Stock   

All of the 15,000,000 shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the Offering and the private placement
contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such common stock under the Company's liquidation or tender offer/stockholder
approval provisions. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require
the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation
of all of the entity's equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company does not specify
a maximum redemption threshold, its amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company
redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders' equity) to be less than $5,000,001. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the securities to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional
paid-in capital. 

Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 13,997,755 of the 15,000,000 Public Shares are classified outside of permanent
equity at their redemption value. The redemption value is equal to the pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest but less taxes payable (approximately $10.00 per share at September 30, 2016). 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements:  

Management does not believe that any
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

Subsequent Events:  

Management has evaluated subsequent events to determine if events or transactions occurring through the date
the financial statements were issued, require potential adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements and has concluded
that all such events that would require recognition or disclosure have been recognized or disclosed. 

Liquidity:  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had $913,858 in its operating bank account, as well as $150,031,297 in cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes
that the Company will have sufficient working capital to meet the Company's needs through the earlier of consummation of its initial
Business Combination or July 12, 2018. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts
payable, identifying and evaluating prospective merger or acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target
businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the initial Business Combination. The Company anticipates that its uses of cash for the next twelve months will
be approximately $400,000 for expenses incurred in the search for target businesses, including the legal, accounting and other
third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of its initial Business Combination 

Offering Costs:  

Offering costs consist principally of legal, underwriting commissions and other costs incurred through the
balance sheet date that are directly related to the Offering. Offering costs amounting to approximately $9.6 million were charged
to stockholders  equity upon completion of the Offering, including $3 million of underwriting commissions paid upon closing
of the Offering and $6 million of deferred underwriting expenses recorded as a liability in the accompanying condensed balance
sheet. 

Net Loss per Share:  

Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. An aggregate of 13,997,755 shares of common
stock subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016, have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share since
such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered
the effect of the warrants sold in the Offering and private placement to purchase 7,730,000 shares of the Company s common
stock in the calculation of diluted net loss per share because the exercise of the warrants is contingent on the occurrence of
future events. 

NOTE 3   PUBLIC OFFERING 

On July 12, 2016 the Company consummated
the Offering of 15,000,000 Units at $10.00 per Unit (the  Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s
common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant (the   Warrants  ). Each
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of $5.75. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be
issued to the Warrant holder. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or July 12, 2017 and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination
on or prior to July 12, 2018, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered
shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of Warrants issued in the Offering during the exercise period, there will be
no net cash settlement of these Warrants and the Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis
in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding
Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption,
only in the event that the last sale price of the Company s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for
any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption
to the Warrant holders. 

The Company granted the underwriters a
45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover any over-allotment, at the Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. The underwriters did not exercise the over-allotment option. 

NOTE 4   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Founder Shares:  

In August 2015, M III LLC purchased
an aggregate 3,593,750 shares of common stock (the  Founder Shares ) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000,
or approximately $0.007 per share. On November 5, 2015, the Company effectuated a 1.760-for-1 stock split in the form of a
dividend. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated for the effect of this stock split. On December
31, 2015, the Company cancelled 1,293,750 Founder Shares issued in the stock split, and on July 6, 2016, the Company
cancelled a further 718,750 Founder Shares issued in the stock split, resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500 Founder Shares
outstanding (which included 562,500 shares which were forfeited by the Sponsor since the underwriters  over-allotment
option was not exercised). As a result of the stock split and subsequent partial cancellations, the per-share purchase price
of the Founder Shares decreased to $0.006 per share. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the
Units sold in the Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more
detail below. 

The Company s initial stockholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination, or (A) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (the   Lock Up Period  ).
If subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals
or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s initial Business Combination,
or if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the stockholders having the
right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Private Placement Units:  

On July 12, 2016 the Sponsor and Cantor
Fitzgerald purchased from the Company an aggregate of 460,000 private placement units, each consisting of one share of common stock
and one warrant to purchase one half share of common stock with an exercise price of $5.75 per half share, at a price of $10.00
per unit (the   Private Placement Units  ). 340,000 Private Placement Units were purchased by the Sponsor
and 120,000 Private Placement Units were purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald. The purchase price of the Private Placement Units was
added to the net proceeds from the Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination. The Private Placement Units (including their component securities) are not transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long
as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by
someone other than the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants contained in the
Private Placement Units are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Warrants included
in the Units sold in the Offering. In addition, for as long as the Private Placement Warrants are held by Cantor Fitzgerald or
its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement related
to the Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants contained in the Private Placement Units have terms and provisions that
are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Offering and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

If the Company does
not complete its initial Business Combination, then the proceeds from the Private Placement units will be part of the liquidating
distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Units and their component securities issued to the Sponsor and
Cantor Fitzgerald will expire worthless. 

Related Party Loans:  

M III LLC had agreed to loan the Company
an aggregate of $250,000 against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the   Note  ) to cover expenses
related to the Offering. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of July 31, 2016 or the completion of the
Offering. As of September 30, 2016, all amounts owed under the Note had been repaid. In addition to the Note, the Sponsor advanced
the Company an additional $2,766 to cover expenses related to the Offering, which was also repaid upon consummation of the Offering
on July 12, 2016. 

In order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes its Business
Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds released from the Trust Account. Otherwise, such loans
would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans will be convertible into warrants
of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants discussed above. The terms of such loans by the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

NOTE 5     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Underwriting Agreement  

The Company paid an underwriting discount
of 2% of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Offering (or $3.0 million), with an additional
fee (the   Deferred Discount  ) of 4% of the gross offering proceeds payable upon the Company s
completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

Registration Rights  

The Company s initial stockholders
and holders of the Private Placement Units (and their constituent securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to
a registration rights agreement signed on the date of the prospectus for the Offering. The Company s initial stockholders
and holders of the Private Placement Units (and their constituent securities) are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these
holders will have   piggy-back   registration rights to include their securities in other registration
statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. The registration rights agreement does not provide for any cash penalties or additional penalties associated with
any delays in registering the securities. 

Other General and Administrative Services:  

The Sponsor and the Company s executive
officers and directors, and their respective affiliates, will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on the Company s behalf, including but not limited to, identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, and the Company s executive officers, directors and affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on the Company s behalf, provided, however,
that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account, such expenses would not be reimbursed
by the Company unless the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no reimbursement
is due for office space and general administrative expenses incurred by M-III Partners, LLC provided to the Company. 

NOTE 6   TRUST ACCOUNT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 

Upon the closing of the Offering and
the private placement, a total of $150,000,000 was deposited into the Trust Account. All proceeds in the Trust Account may be
invested in either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury
obligations. 

At September 30, 2016, the proceeds of
the Trust Account were invested in U.S. treasury bills yielding interest of approximately 0.10%. The carrying value of the investment
is stated at market and includes unrealized appreciation of approximately $31,297 at September 30, 2016. 

The fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that
the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value
of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent
sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets
and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs
and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is
a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information
on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for
similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability. 

The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized
to determine such fair value: 

NOTE 7   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Common Stock 

The authorized common stock of the Company is 35,000,000
shares. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At September 30, 2016
there were 19,210,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, including 13,997,755 shares subject to redemption. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time
by the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 8   DUE TO UNDERWRITER  

On July 12, 2016, the underwriter transferred an incremental
$3.4 million of funds into the Trust Account and did not reserve $125,500 for their legal fees associated with the Offering. 
On July 13, 2016, the $125,500 of legal fees was wired back from the Trust Account to the underwriter.  On July 15, 2016,
 an additional $3.4 million was wired back from the Trust Account to the underwriter in order to reimburse for its overfunding
at closing. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. References in this report (the  Form 10-Q ) to  we,   us 
or the  Company  refer to M III Acquisition Corp. References to our  management  or our  management
team  refer to our officers and directors, and references to the  sponsor  refer to M III Sponsor I LP and M
III Sponsor I LLC. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation,
statements under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  regarding
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made
by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated
by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

Overview  

M III Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our Business Combination. 

Results of Operations  

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. Our only activities from inception to September 30, 2016 were organizational activities, and those necessary to prepare
for the Offering described below and activities related to identifying an appropriate candidate for our initial Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We have generated,
and anticipate continuing to generate, non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and securities held after the
Offering. We anticipate that such non-operating income will be insignificant in view of the low interest rates on risk-free investments.
There has been no significant change in our financial position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our
audited financial statements included in our registration statement for the Offering. We expect to incur increased expenses as
a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016
we had net losses of $15,603 and $15,968, respectively. 

The Company s entire activity through September 30, 2016
was in preparation for the Offering, which was consummated on July 12, 2016, and searching after the consummation of the Offering
for a target for our initial Business Combination. We believe that we have sufficient funds available to complete our efforts
to effect our initial Business Combination with an operating business by July 12, 2018, which is 24 months from the closing of
the Offering. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On July 12, 2016, the Company consummated its initial public offering
(the  Offering ) of 15,000,000 units ( Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of common stock, $0.0001
par value per share ( Common Stock ), and one warrant ( Warrant ) to purchase one-half of one share of Common
Stock, pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210817). The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $150,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000
additional Units to cover any over-allotments, which option was not exercised by the underwriters and has now expired. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Offering, the Company
completed a private placement (the  Private Placement ) of an aggregate of 460,000 placement units to M III Sponsor
I LLC, M III Sponsor I LP and Cantor Fitzgerald and Co., generating gross proceeds of $4,600,000.  

A total of $150,000,000 of the net proceeds from the Offering and
the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders
(the  Trust Account ).  As described elsewhere in this report, the amounts in the Trust Account may be invested
only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Remaining proceeds
of approximately $950,000 were deposited in the Company's operating account, of which $913,858 remained available for working capital
purposes on as of September 30, 2016. 

We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the Offering,
including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto,
including a fee payable to Cantor Fitzgerald for its services in connection with the Offering upon the consummation of such combination
in an amount equal to $6,000,000. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect
our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account, as well as any other net proceeds not expended,
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such funds could be used in a variety of ways
including continuing or expanding the target business' operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and
development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders' fees which
we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust
Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from
the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial Business
Combination. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in
order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. This belief is based on the fact that, while we may begin preliminary
due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence,
depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent
or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of our initial Business Combination. However, if our estimate of the costs
of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial Business Combination is less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, or the amount of interest available to use from the trust account is minimal as a result of the current interest rate
environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable.
In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team,
but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. In the event that our
initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by
promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or,
at the lender s discretion, up to $1,000,000 of such loans will be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as described
above, the terms of such loans by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or
financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of
facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established
any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than the portion of the underwriting commissions fee payable to Cantor Fitzgerald
for its services in connection with the Offering which is due upon the consummation of the Business Combination in an amount equal
to $6,000,000 

Significant Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. The Company has not identified any significant accounting policies. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

We were organized for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination.
As of September 30, 2016, we had not commenced any operations or generated any revenues. All activity through September 30, 2016
relates to our formation and our Offering and, subsequent to the Public Offering, our efforts have been directed toward searching
for a target for our initial Business Combination. Subsequent to consummation of the Offering on July 12, 2016, $150,000,000 of
the net proceeds of the Offering and the private placement were deposited into the Trust Account which may be invested solely in
U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U. S. government obligations. Therefore, we do not believe
there is a material interest rate risk. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES   

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under
the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been
no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

As of the date of this Report, there have been
no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus dated July 7, 2016 except we may disclose changes to such
factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

On July 12, 2016, we consummated a private placement
of an aggregate 460,000 units ( Private Placement Units ) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $4,600,000. The Private Placement Units, which were purchased by M III Sponsor I LLC and M III Sponsor I LP
(collectively, the  Sponsor ) and Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor Fitzgerald ), are substantially similar
to the Public Units, except that, if held by the original holder or their permitted transferees, the warrants underlying the Private
Placement Units (the  Placement Warrants ) (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject
to being called for redemption and (iii) are, subject to certain limited exceptions, subject to transfer restrictions until 30
days following the consummation of the Company's initial Business Combination. If the Placement Warrants are held by holders other
than the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald or their permitted transferees, the Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and
exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In addition, for as long as any Placement Warrants are held by
Cantor Fitzgerald or its permitted transferees, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the Registration
Statement. The sale of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Use of Proceeds from the Offering  

On July 12, 2016 we consummated our initial
public offering of 15,000,000 Units, with each Unit consisting of one share of common stock and one Warrant to purchase one-half
of one share of common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share (the  Public Offering ). The Warrants will
become exercisable on the later of (i) 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) 12 months
from the closing of the Public Offering. The Warrants expire five years after the completion of our initial Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Warrants will be redeemable in whole and
not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30-days  notice if, and only if, the last sale price of the
Company s common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period. The
units in the Public Offering were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of approximately
$150,000,000.  The Company also granted the underwriters of the Public Offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000
additional Public Units to cover any over-allotments, which option was not exercised and has expired. The securities sold in the
Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-210817). The SEC
declared the registration statement effective on July 6, 2016. 

We paid a total of approximately $3,000,000
in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately $600,000 for other costs and expenses related to the Public Offering.  In
addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer approximately $6,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will
be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated. We also repaid the note to our Sponsor from
the proceeds of the Public Offering. 

After deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions (excluding the deferred portion of approximately $6,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount
will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Public Offering expenses, the total
net proceeds from our Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants was approximately $151,000,000
of which $150,000,000 (or $10.00 per Unit sold in the initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. Approximately
$1,000,000 was held outside the Trust Account and will be used to fund the Company's operating expenses. The proceeds held in
the Trust Account may be invested solely in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which invest only in direct U. S. government
obligations. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description    

1.1**  
       
      Underwriting Agreement dated July 7, 2016, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald  
    Co.   

3.1*  
       
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation   

4.1**  
       
      Warrant Agreement  dated July 7, 2016, between Continental Stock Transfer   Trust
    Company and the Company   

10.1**  
       
      Investment Management Trust Agreement dated July 7, 2016, between Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company
and the Company 

10.2**  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement  dated July 7, 2016, among the Company and certain
    security holders   

10.3**  
       
      Letter Agreement  dated July 7, 2016, by and between the Company, certain security holders
    and the officers and     directors of the Company   

10.4**  
       
      Second Amended and Restated Unit Subscription Agreement dated July 7, 2016 among the Company,
    M III Sponsor I LLC and M III Sponsor I LP.   

10.5**  
       
      Amended and Restated Unit Subscription Agreement dated July 7, 2016 by and between the
    Company and     Cantor Fitzgerald   Co.   

31.1  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and
    Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes
    Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
       
      Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and
    Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes
    Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1***  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C.
    Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2***  
       
      Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
    adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

***  Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

M III ACQUISITION CORP.    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Name: Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief    

Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)     

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Brian Griffith   

Name: Brian Griffith   

Title: Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452370_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
under the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002) 

I, Mohsin Y. Meghji, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of M III Acquisition Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)      disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)      any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Name: Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452370_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(e)
under the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Brian Griffith, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of M III Acquisition Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)      disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)      any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Brian Griffith   

Name: Brian Griffith   

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Secretary   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452370_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of M III Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Mohsin Y. Meghji, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Name: Mohsin Y. Meghji   

Title: Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452370_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of M III Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Brian Griffith, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Brian Griffith   

Name: Brian Griffith   

Title: Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 miiiu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 miiiu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 miiiu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 miiiu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 miiiu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 miiiu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

