<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-Q_edgar_data_1438461_0001640334-16-001797_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1278987</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>45762</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>89382</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>284309</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>457041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>339573</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001797.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014152817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yinfu Gold Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS METAL ORES [1090]
		IRS NUMBER:				208531222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-152242
		FILM NUMBER:		161937039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DONGFANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANSION
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2408, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-755-8316-0998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DONGFANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANSION
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2408, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Element92 Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080624

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001797.txt : 20161014

10-Q
 1
 elre_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   elre_10q.htm      
 
             UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549           FORM 10-Q          x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016      OR           TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     Commission File Number:  333-152242                YINFU GOLD CORPORATION        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                   WYOMING        20-8531222       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)       (IRS Employer Identification No.)                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  o  No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  o  No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filed,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.              Large accelerated filer    o    Accelerated filer    o      Non-accelerated filer    o    Smaller reporting company    x     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes  o  No  x      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  As of   October  13  , 2016  ,   the Company had 991,770,362 shares of common stock outstanding.       

YINFU GOLD CORPORATION        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q     For the  Period   Ended   September   30  , 201  6      FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements in this document include, among others, statements regarding our capital needs, business plans and expectations. Such forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties regarding, among others, the success of our business plan, availability of funds, government regulations, operating costs, our ability to achieve significant revenues, our business model and products and other factors. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expect ,  plan ,  intend ,  anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,  predict ,  potential  or  continue , the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the assumptions, risks and uncertainties set forth in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the SEC. These factors or any of them may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement made in this document. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding future events, our actual results will likely vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. The forward-looking statements in this document are made as of the date of this document and we do not intend or undertake to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results, except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States.             TABLE OF CONTENT                 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                Item 1.     Financial Statements              4                                       Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations              14                                       Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk              17                                       Item 4.     Controls and Procedures              17                                         PART II. OTHER INFORMATION                                     Item 1.     Legal Proceedings              18                                       Item 1A.     Risk Factors              18                                       Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds              18                                       Item 3.     Defaults upon Senior Securities              18                                       Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures              18                                       Item 5.     Other Information              18                                       Item 6.     Exhibits              19                                        Index to Exhibits              19                                        SIGNATURES              20                    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Financial Statements        YINFU GOLD CORPORATION    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM BALANCE SHEETS                        4       
     Table of Contents          YINFU GOLD CORPORATION    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF   OPERATIONS    (Unaudited)                       5       
     Table of Contents          YINFU GOLD CORPORATION    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    (Unaudited)                         6       
     Table of Contents          YINFU GOLD CORPORATION    Notes to the   Unaudited   Condensed   Consolidated Interim   Financial Statements    September   30  , 201  6       NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS      Yinfu Gold Corporation (the  Company ) is a Wyoming corporation incorporated on September 1, 2005 under the name Ace Lock and Security, Inc. with an established a fiscal year end of March 31. On March 5, 2007, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Wyoming Secretary of State to change our name to Element92 Resources Corp. and increased our authorized capital to 1,000,000,000 common shares. On August 16, 2010 the Company filed an amendment with the State of Wyoming changing its name from Element92 Resources Corp. to Yinfu Gold Corporation and on November 18, 2010, the Company received a notification from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) that the Company s change of name to Yinfu Gold Corporation was posted as effective with FINRA. The Company was established as an exploration stage company engaged in the search for commercially viable minerals.     We no longer pursue opportunities related to the exploration of minerals. Our name change to Yinfu Gold Corporation, as filed with the State of Wyoming on November 18, 2010, signified that we have commenced working toward a major change in our business plan and business model.     Effective November 20, 2014, the Company executed a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) to acquire 100% of the shares and assets of China Enterprise Overseas Investment   Finance Group Limited ( CEI ), a British Virgin Islands corporation. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue 800 million restricted common shares of the Company to the owners of CEI.     Dahua Online Shopping Mall (http://www.dahuacheng.com) is an online shopping platform in the China market with two mainstream e-commerce models: business to business (B2B) and business to consumer (B2C). There are over 3,000 suppliers all over the China to provide an online listing of millions of commodities. The real-time payment system of Dahua is convenient, safe and fast.      Dahua Online Shopping Mall has registered 31 million members as of November 17, 2014.     Pursuant to the Agreement, on or before January 1, 2015, CEI was to deliver to the Company, duly authorized, properly and fully executed documents in English, evidencing and confirming the sale of 100% of the shares of CEI and its assets, specifically detailing the assets and an asset valuation by a third-party valuator. The valuation report was received by the Company on January 28, 2015.     Additionally, the Agreement stated that both parties agreed that all shares issued, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement, were to be issued as soon as practicable following the signing of the agreement, but all shares so issued were to be held in escrow until all terms and conditions are met.     The various terms and conditions of the Agreement were fulfilled on January 28, 2015, therefore, the share certificates representing the shares have been issued in the names of the CEI shareholders and the Agreement between the Company and CEI was closed on January 28, 2015.                  7       
     Table of Contents           NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES          Basis of Presentation       The accompanying unaudited financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.     In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for (a) the financial position, (b) the result of operations, and (c) cash flows have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year.          Principles of Consolidation         For September 30, 2016, the consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Element Resources International Limited ( Element Resources ) incorporated in Hong Kong and CEI. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Prior to January 28, 2015, the financial statements presented are those of CEI.         Use of Estimates         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments.          Discontinued Operations       The Company follows ASC 205-20,   Discontinued Operations,   to report for disposed or discontinued operations.           Cash and Cash Equivalents       Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value.        Foreign Currency Translation and Re-measurement       In accordance with ASC 830,  Foreign Currency Matters , the Company's foreign operations whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. Resulting translation adjustments are reflected as other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are charged to operations as incurred. The Company did not have any significant foreign currency translations for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.                  8       
     Table of Contents            Concentrations of Credit Risk       The Company s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents as well as related party payables that it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company s management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposure is limited.       Financial Instruments       The Company follows ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:     Level 1     Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     Level 2     Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data.     Level 3     Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.     Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. The carrying values of our financial instruments, including, cash and cash equivalents; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and loans and notes payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.         Business Combinations       In accordance with ASC 805-10,  Business Combinations , the Company accounts for all business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method, assets and liabilities, including any remaining noncontrolling interests, are recognized at fair value at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests is recognized as goodwill. Certain adjustments to the assessed fair values of the assets, liabilities, or noncontrolling interests made subsequent to the acquisition date, but within the measurement period, which is up to one year, are recorded as adjustments to goodwill. Any adjustments subsequent to the measurement period are recorded in income. Any cost or equity method interest that the Company holds in the acquired company prior to the acquisition is re-measured to fair value at acquisition with a resulting gain or loss recognized in income for the difference between fair value and the existing book value. Results of operations of the acquired entity are included in the Company s results from the date of the acquisition onward and include amortization expense arising from acquired tangible and intangible assets.                   9       
     Table of Contents                Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance       The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, where deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. No deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.         Net     Income (    Loss    )     Per Share of Common Stock       The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share,   ( EPS ) which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.     The following table sets forth the computation of basic earnings (loss) per share, for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:             Commitments and Contingencies       The Company follows ASC 450-20,  Loss Contingencies,  to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties, as well as other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.                  Recent Accounting Pronouncements       Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.            Related Parties       The Company follows ASC 850,   Related Party Disclosures,   for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See note 5.         Revenue Recognition         The Company will recognize revenue from the sale of products and services in accordance with ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition.  However, the Company will recognize revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:                 i)  Persuasive evidence for an agreement exists;                         ii)  Service has been provided;                         iii)  The fee is fixed or determinable; and,                         iv)  Collection is reasonably assured.            NOTE 3 - GOING CONCERN       The Company's financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not established an on-going source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost, and requires additional capital to commence its operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.     In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management's plan to obtain such resources for the Company include: sales of equity instruments; traditional financing, such as loans; and obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.     There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.              NOTE   4     STOCKHOLDERS      EQUITY (DEFICIT)        Common Stock       The Company has authorized capital of 3,000,000,000 common shares. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the Company is sought.     As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company has 991,770,362 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.     The Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding.      NOTE   5   - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      During the six months ended September 30, 2016, Mr. Jiang Libin, the President and a director of the Company, has advanced the Company $44,418 for operating expenses. These advances have been formalized by non-interest bearing demand notes.      During the six months ended September 30, 2015, Mr. Jiang Libin has advanced the Company $21,915 for operating expenses. These advances have been formalized by non-interest bearing demand notes.      As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed $487,358 and $170,590 to Mr. Tsap Wai Ping, the former President of the Company (the "Former President", resigned on October 31, 2014) and Mr. Jiang Libin respectively.     As of March 31, 2016, the Company owed $487,358 and $126,172 to the Former President and Mr. Jiang Libin respectively.      NOTE   6   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS      The Company originally intended to be involved in the exploration of minerals in the People s Republic of China (the  PRC ). Based on management s analysis of the current operations, expected growth, and opportunities in the sector, during the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company has determined to discontinue operations related to the Company s subsidiary Element Resources International Limited, based in Hong Kong.             The following presents the financial information of the discontinued subsidiary of the Company, Element Resources International Limited.                  NOTE   7   - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS       Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date these financial statements were available to be issued. Based on our evaluation no material events have occurred that require disclosure.              Item 2. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.        Forward-Looking Statements       Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words  expects ,  anticipates ,  intends ,  believes  and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections "Business", "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". You should carefully review other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.     Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.     All references in this Form 10-Q to the "Company", "Yinfu", "we", "us" or "our" are to Yinfu Gold Corporation.     Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.         Overview      Yinfu Gold Corporation (the  Company ) is a Wyoming corporation incorporated on September 1, 2005, under the name Ace Lock   Security, Inc. Our name was changed to Yinfu Gold Corporation as of November 18, 2010. We are working to establish and build a peer-to-peer ( P2P ) online lending service platform.      We have had limited operations and based upon our reliance on the sale of our common stock and the advances from our president, these are the source of funds for our future operations.        Plan of Operation      We devote substantial efforts to establishing a P2P online lending service platform. However, our planned principal operations have not yet commenced.     In 2016, we plan to establish ourselves as a known P2P online lending service provider. We provide an online lending platform that matches lenders directly with the borrowers and charge a commission fee. Through our P2P platform, lenders can earn higher returns compared to savings and investment products offered by banks, where borrowers can borrow money at lower interest rate.           Need for Additional Capital      The Company has not generated any revenues from operations, and may be unable to fund on-going activities. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in developing our own hardware and software, and the possibility of new regulations that will make our company difficult or impossible to operate.            If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either our operations, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations.      If we are unable to complete any phase of our development program or fail to raise additional capital to maintain our operations in the future, we may be unable to carry out our full business plan or we may be forced to cease operations.      Results of Operations      The following results of operations reflect the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition of China Enterprise Overseas Investment   Finance Group Limited ( CEI ) and have been prepared to give retroactive effect to the reverse acquisition completed on January 28, 2015, and represent the operations of CEI only. The consolidated financial statements after the acquisition date, January 28, 2015 include the balance sheets of both companies at historical cost, the historical results of CEI and the results of the Company from the acquisition date.     We have generated no revenues and have incurred $155,140 in expenses through September 30, 2016.     The following table provides selected financial data about our company as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.           As of September 30, 2016, the Company s cash balance was $2,495 compared to $122 as of March 31, 2016, and our total assets as of September 30, 2016, were $152,496 compared with $150,123 as of March 31, 2016.     As of September 30, 2016, the Company had total liabilities of $738,899 compared with total liabilities of $692,186 as of March 31, 2016. The increase in total liabilities was primarily attributed to an increase in related party debts owed to the President of the Company.                    Revenues       The Company has generated no revenues during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.       Operating expenses       For the six months ended September 30, 2016, total operating expenses were $44,340, which consisted solely of professional fees. For the six months ended September 30, 2015, total operating expenses were $21,649, which consisted solely of professional fees. The increase in professional fees was primarily due to the cost of complying with the SEC reporting requirements for the six months ended September 30, 2016.         Liquidity and Capital Resources      Working Capital           As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a working capital deficiency of $586,403 compared with working capital deficiency of $542,063 as of March 31, 2016. The increase in working capital deficiency was primarily attributed to the increase in current liabilities due to an increase in notes payable to the President of the Company.     Cash Flows            Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities      During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had $42,045 in cash used in operating activities, which was attributed from loss from operations of $44,340 and increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $2,295. During the six months ended September 30, 2015, the Company had $21,649 in cash used in operating activities, which consists solely of loss from operations.               Cash Flows Provided by Investing Activities      During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company used no cash in investing activities.        Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities      During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the President has advanced the Company $44,418 for operating expenses. During the six months ended September 30, 2015, the President has advanced the Company $21,915 for operating expenses.        Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       Not applicable.        Item 4. Controls and Procedures.        Management's Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures      As of September 30, 2016, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.      The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (4) management dominated by two individuals without adequate compensating controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial Officer in connection with their review of our financial statements as of September 30, 2016.      Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods.         Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.                PART II - OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1.   Legal Proceedings.       We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings and, to our knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened or pending.          Item 1A.   Risk Factors.       Not applicable.         Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       No stock was sold during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.         Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       None.         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.       None.         Item 5. Other Information.       None.                   Item 6. Exhibits.           Index to Exhibits                    SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                     Yinfu Gold Corporation             (Registrant)                    Dated: October 14, 2016     /s/ Jiang Libin           Jiang Libin             Chief Executive Officer                     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 elre_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   elre_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATION      I, Jiang Libin, certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Yinfu Gold Corporation                  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                   3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                   4.    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                             (b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                             (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                             (d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                        5.    I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                        (a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and                             (b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.             Dated: October 14, 2016                  By:     /s/ Jiang Li  b  in                Jiang Libin               Chief Executive Officer  Principal Executive Officer            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 elre_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   elre_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION      I, Tsang Yuk Chuen, certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Yinfu Gold Corporation.                  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                   3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                   4.    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                             (b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                             (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                             (d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                        5.    I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                        (a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and                             (b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.             Dated: October 14, 2016                  By:     /s/ Tsang Yuk Chuen             Tsang Yuk Chuen               Chief Financial Officer  Principal Financial Officer            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 elre_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   elre_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER     PURSUANT TO     18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,     AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO     SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002        I, Jiang Libin, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Yinfu Gold Corporation, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Yinfu Gold Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated.         Date: October 14, 2016                  By:     /s/ Jiang Li  b  in             Jiang Libin               Chief Executive Officer            I, Tsang Yuk Chuen, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Yinfu Gold Corporation, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Yinfu Gold Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated.         Date: October 14, 2016                  By:     /s/ Tsang Yuk Chuen             Tsang Yuk Chuen               Chief Financial Officer            A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Yinfu Gold Corporation and will be retained by Yinfu Gold Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 elre-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 elre-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 elre-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 elre-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 elre-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 elre-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

